Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5527 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 1, 2018 No. 130 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, August 3, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
Senate 
WEDNESDAY , AUGUST 1, 2018 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
OM C
OTTON , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Lord God, our refuge and strength, stay close to our Senators. As they labor for liberty, give them the grace of Your presence. Assist them in their work so that their thoughts, words, and deeds will be acceptable to You. Give them pure hearts, devoted to You and ever seeking Your glory. May they not tire in well-doing, knowing that a wonderful harvest is certain if they persevere. Lord, inspire them to press on with today’s duties with hope in their hearts. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, August 1, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T
OMCOTTON , a Sen- ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
APPROPRIATIONS LEGISLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for more than a week, the Senate has care-fully considered a set of four appropria-tions bills. Together, they will account for about one-eighth of the discretionary spend-ing for the next fiscal year. They allo-cate funds for a variety of pressing needs in communities around the coun-try, and they represent four more steps toward the goal this Senate has set to fund the government through regular appropriations and to steer clear of an-other omnibus. A lot of attention has rightly been paid to huge priorities where this legis-lation will bring major progress: our mission to renew America’s infrastruc-ture and the ongoing fight against opioid addiction and abuse. Both are urgent challenges. In one survey last year, 81 percent of Ameri-cans said the opioid epidemic is either a major problem or a full-blown emer-gency, and more than half said infra-structure investment was a ‘‘very im-portant’’ or ‘‘extremely important’’ priority. These are two priorities we share throughout this Congress—both parties, both Houses, and with the President. Here are just a few of the provisions in this legislation: billions of dollars of investment in rural communities for everything from electric and telephone infrastructure to water infrastructure, to broadband internet, to small busi-ness loans; a $10 billion overall increase from 2017 for infrastructure needs; and tens of millions for opioid prevention, including grants for distance learning and telemedicine so rural America is better equipped to strike back against the scourge of addiction. Of course, infrastructure and fighting opioids are only part of what these bills encompass. They will fully fund the Federal Gov-ernment’s efforts in agriculture, trans-portation, housing and urban develop-ment, the interior, environment, finan-cial services, and general government. That includes essential routine serv-ices, from the Forest Service to food safety inspections. It includes many targeted programs that have an out-sized impact on local communities. My fellow Kentuckians and I are glad this legislation will help us expand rural internet access, invest in new highways and bridges, reclaim aban-doned mines, and contain the invasive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.000 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5528 August 1, 2018 
Asian carp that threaten our water-ways. The list goes on and on. I know every community and every State could write its own list. This legisla-tion matters to every Senator. It mat-ters to all Americans. I am grateful to Chairman S
HELBY , Senator L
EAHY , and subcommittee Chairmen M
URKOWSKI , C OLLINS , H
OEVEN , and L ANKFORD for all of their hard work. We have considered these bills carefully. We have voted on a number of amendments. This morning, we will consider more amendments and then pass this bill. Now, this appropriations package is not the only important business the Senate has been working on this week. Yesterday, we passed an important extension of the National Flood Insur-ance Program and sent it to the White House for the President’s signature. We confirmed the 24th circuit court nomi-nee already in this Congress, and we voted to proceed to conference with the House on the farm bill. I understand this year marks the ear-liest, since at least 1965, that both the House and the Senate have passed a farm bill. Here in the Senate, it passed with the widest margin of any recorded vote in the history of this legislation. So Chairman R
OBERTS and Senator S
TABENOW deserve our congratulations and appreciation. I look forward to serving as a conferee myself and to fin-ishing up the farm bill prior to its expi-ration. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, be-fore we adjourn this week, the Senate will also finalize the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. Once we pass the con-ference report this week, this impor-tant legislation will head to the Presi-dent’s desk to become law, and we will have fulfilled one of this body’s most solemn responsibilities. The NDAA builds on the progress we made earlier this year in the bipartisan budget agreement, which provided for the largest year-on-year increase in funding for American Armed Forces in 15 years. This legislation authorizes programs that will contribute to the combat readiness of America’s military to meet emerging and persistent global threats. It helps to ensure that our servicemembers and their families will receive the full support of a grateful Nation. When we pass the fiscal year 2019 National Defense Appropriations Act, which funds these programs, we will have gone yet further in meeting our commitments to an all-volunteer force. The NDAA has global and nationwide significance, but it also has tremen-dous local importance. In representing the Commonwealth of Kentucky, I know just how significant an impact this legislation will have on some of our Nation’s finest. At Fort Campbell, members of the 101st Airborne Division and a number of Special Operations units will benefit from the authorization of new invest-ments in their training facilities. At Fort Knox, the Army’s Human Re-sources Command and Recruiting Com-mand will receive the support they need to modernize officer personnel management, and the post will receive much needed certainty and authority for its energy savings program. At the Blue Grass Army Depot, crit-ical work to support chemical weapons demilitarization will continue because this bill authorizes the resources nec-essary to conduct safe operations. Servicemembers will benefit from a well-deserved raise in military pay and expanded authority for military family housing and education. So none of my colleagues need to look far to find examples of how the needs of our servicemembers will be met by the legislation before us. Our colleagues on the Armed Serv-ices Committee carefully developed it. It reflects more than 300 amendments, and it rightly bears the name of our colleague and friend JOHN MCCAIN. I know he is proud of all this legislation accomplishes for our men and women in uniform. I also thank the senior Senator from Oklahoma and the ranking member from Rhode Island for steering this bill through conference. I look forward to sending it to the President’s desk this week. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, the U.S. economy continues to receive a lot of attention. In June, from the New York Times: ‘‘New milestones in jobs report signal a bustling economy.’’ In July: ‘‘Sales of small businesses are going through the roof.’’ Just yesterday, in the Wall Street Journal: ‘‘U.S. workers get biggest pay increase in nearly a decade.’’ Let’s explore the last headline. According to data from the Depart-ment of Labor, employee compensation grew by 2.8 percent over the past 12 months. That is the fastest employers have increased what they spend on em-ployee pay and benefits in any 12- month period since the one that ended in September of 2008. Given what we know about the labor market, this is hardly surprising. From Main Street businesses to manufacturers, job cre-ators are faced with heightened de-mand. That means more Americans can come off the sidelines and find a qual-ity job, and that means that businesses compete to hire and retain workers. Every week—practically every day— yields more impressive headlines, more testimony from middle-class families and small businesses about how this economy has improved their lives. It has been little more than 7 months since a united Republican government passed historic tax reform, and it has been about as long since the House Democratic leader predicted our poli-cies would bring about ‘‘Armageddon,’’ and about 7 months since my friend the Democratic leader, here in the Senate, predicted that no part of tax reform would turn out to suit the needs of the American worker—none of it. But Republicans saw past the scare tactics and did what we knew to be right for the country. We pursued a pro-growth agenda to get Washington’s foot off the brakes that were restrain-ing job creators, to take Washington’s hand out of the pockets of working families, and to help create the condi-tions for communities across the coun-try to succeed. Any one of these goals could have been a bipartisan priority, just like all of the other good work I have discussed this morning. Tax reform, historically, had been bi-partisan, but this time, our colleagues listened to the far left and decided to stand in complete partisan opposition to letting Americans keep more of their own money. Now the American people are reaping the benefits of a pro-growth, pro-opportunity agenda. Now they see whose policies benefit them. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, FINAN-CIAL SERVICES, AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 6147, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environ-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses. 
Pending: 
Shelby amendment No. 3399, in the nature of a substitute. Murkowski amendment No. 3400 (to amend-ment No. 3399), of a perfecting nature. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, we are beginning to wrap up the appro-priations package, which includes the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.001 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5529 August 1, 2018 
fiscal year 2019 bills for the Sub-committees on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies; Financial Serv-ices and General Government; Agri-culture, Rural Government, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies; as well as Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, or T-HUD. This is really quite an accomplish-ment this morning. It is perhaps not necessarily noted in the trade press out there, but the fact is, we are doing our business here. We are doing the busi-ness of lawmakers and legislators when it comes to our annual spending bills. The fact that this is August 1 and we will be wrapping up in a matter of an hour or so, a couple of hours, 4 appro-priations bills on top of the 3 that we have previously done—so 7 out of the 12 appropriations bills—is good progress. This is important progress. Some might say it is historic progress. I say it is progress that is long overdue. I believe it is because of the leader-ship of Chairman S
HELBY and Vice Chairman L
EAHY . They came together to basically lay down a path forward for the Appropriations Committee, urg-ing us, as chairmen of our respective subcommittees, to go back to a process that was a working and functioning process where we do the work of appro-priators—not as authorizers but as ap-propriators—in advancing these mul-tiple spending bills. In my view, where we are today is the result of good lead-ership at the committee, good leader-ship that says that committee work matters. To be able to lead the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Sub-committee has been a very distinct privilege and an honor for me. These are areas that are clearly of interest to my home State. When we talk about our Nation’s public lands, when we talk about support for our indigenous peo-ple and the agencies that support them—whether it is the BIA or the IHS—when we think about the arts and the contribution of the arts to our Na-tion, the issues that are within this subcommittee’s jurisdiction are good, are important, and it is necessary that on an annual basis we work to advance these priorities. We haven’t been able to really ad-vance them, not only not here on the full floor but actually through the full committee. It has been many years— actually, since fiscal year 2010 that we have had an interior bill before the full Senate for full consideration. So, again, this is truly a milestone. As I mentioned, I want to thank Chairman S
HELBY and Vice Chairman L
EAHY for their leadership on this. I also want to acknowledge and thank Leader M
CCONNELL for placing a pri-ority on the appropriations process. He urged us to advance, without delay, this multitude of spending bills to re-turn us back to regular order. He set forth a pretty aggressive schedule for us. In fairness, there were a lot of folks out there who said: The Senate is not going to do this one. There were a lot of skeptics who said: They can’t get their act together on this one. Well, it is kind of nice to be able to demonstrate that, in fact, we can, and we have, and we continue to do this good work. We are on track to meet our goal of avoiding what we have come to just accept as the regular course of business around here—that there is going to be a large omnibus package at the end of the year. Instead, we have allowed for a process on this floor where all Members of the Senate, not just those of us who serve on the Appropriations Committee but all of us, have an opportunity to weigh in, to dig in, and to review these measures that have come through the com-mittee, offer up amendments, and have the ability to debate and amend them. Granted, we haven’t had as many amendments on the floor as I think some of us might have wanted. We haven’t had the hours-long debate on some of the, perhaps, more contentious matters, but what we have done is we have really focused on outlining the spending priorities and ensuring that we can find consensus. Finding con-sensus around here is the hard part of the responsibility because it means I have to stand down on some of my pri-orities, and others have to stand down on some of their priorities, in order for any of us to be able to advance the broader priorities. So we are here with a process that has been delayed over the years, but I feel good, I feel optimistic that we have pushed the reset button when it comes to the Appropriations Com-mittee and how we will be able to move forward. We know there is more than just one body in the Congress, and we are going to have to deal with our colleagues on the other side, the House of Represent-atives, as we move into conference, but we can’t get to conference until we have taken the first step, and we will be able to take the first step with these four appropriations bills that are part of this package this morning. I want to highlight just some of the provisions in the Interior bill that our committee worked so hard on. As I mentioned, this is a subcommittee that has oversight in so many different areas. It is not only our Nation’s public lands, it is matters relating to our Na-tive people. It includes environmental issues with the EPA. It is arts and cul-ture. So we have a broad array of re-sponsibilities. Some of the highlights here—folks are always very interested in what we have done to meet our responsibility when it comes to payments to those communities, those counties, those bu-reaus, and municipalities through the PILT Program, the Payment in Lieu of Taxes Program. We fully fund the PILT Program at $500 million. This is going to be important to so many of our com-munities out there. Another issue that has generated its level of support and some opposition in terms of wanting to see some addi-tional reforms is the Land and Water Conservation Fund Program. We fund LWCF at the current level of $425 mil-lion to ensure that the important work that is advanced for conservation is able to proceed. There is a lot of focus on what is hap-pening with the devastating forest fires that we are seeing right now in the West, particularly in California. We provide robust levels for firefighting funding to ensure that both the De-partment of the Interior and the Forest Service have the resources they need at the time they need them. When you have a fire underway, they don’t want us to be arguing about whether we have the resources. The resources are there, and we will be there to help. I mentioned the matters that relate to our first people, American Indians, Alaska Natives. We do right by Indian Country within this bill. For the two main agencies that de-liver services for the Indian commu-nity, both the BIA—the Bureau of In-dian Affairs—and the Indian Health Service, we have restored the cuts that were proposed of over $1 billion in crit-ical program funding. The bill in-creases funding for the IHS facilities program, for construction, mainte-nance, and sanitation facilities im-provements. We hear, time after time, in Indian Affairs as well as in the Ap-propriations Committee about the dire situation with so many of our facilities within not only our Indian hospitals around the country but also within the schools, truly leaving these children behind. So we do provide substantial funding for the BIA to help with con-struction of Indian schools. Also, we include irrigation systems and public safety facilities, so truly the full pic-ture there. For both accounts, we provide the fully estimated level of contract sup-port costs for healthcare. This is very significant in ensuring that we are being honest by these accounts. We are not forcing IHS to effectively dip into other pots of funding to fund another, so it is important that we fully fund contract support. In IHS, we also provided $10 million in critical new funding to provide grants to Tribes for combating the opioid crisis. So, again, we all know, all throughout the country, the issues we are facing with opioids. It is almost even more accentuated on our reserva-tions and in many places where our Na-tive peoples are facing this terrible scourge. When it comes to public lands, how we did right by public lands—whether it is our Forest Service, the BLM, the National Park Service—is we worked to address contaminated land matters. We worked to provide support for con-struction and deferred maintenance not only within our National Park Sys-tem but within our other public lands. We focused on areas of hazards. Most people didn’t give a lot of thought to what was going on with volcanoes until 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.003 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5530 August 1, 2018 
the situation we are seeing on the Big Island of Hawaii, and now there is a lot of attention. So we are making sure we are doing right in understanding some of our natural hazards, whether they are volcanoes or earthquakes. On map-ping, which is so critical for us—USDS does such a great job on that—we need to be doing more. We have also made responsible in-vestments in the EPA that will lead to cleaner air and water. So within our bill, we provide additional funding to States that have delegated responsi-bility for environmental programs. We provide an increase above last year’s level for the Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds. This builds on critical water in-frastructure in communities across the country. I think we all recognize, when it comes to that role, the mission of EPA—clean air, clean water. What are we doing to make sure they are able to fulfill that mission? These accounts truly do make a difference. We also continue to provide the high-est funding level ever for the WIFIA Program. This leverages Federal funds for water infrastructure projects, and these programs have a direct impact on improving water quality in commu-nities around the country. Then, another small category that is not small for the arts and the cultural communities—but, again, we do right by our Smithsonians here in our Na-tion’s Capital, helping to ensure that the National Endowments for the Arts and Humanities receive the level of support that I believe is important. Again, those are some of the greatest hits coming out of the Interior appro-priations bill this morning. We have heard similar comments from my col-leagues in the other three Depart-ments, whether it is Financial Serv-ices, Agriculture, or Transportation and Housing. Again, I look forward to working with colleagues as we advance these measures through the full process not only here in the Senate but in the con-ference with the House later. I would like to close by again ex-pressing my appreciation to my friend and the ranking member of the com-mittee, Senator U
DALL , who is here this morning. He and his staff have been excellent to work with, and I ap-preciate his efforts and those of his staff as we have worked to shape this bill so it reflects the priorities of Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle. I think we have worked very hard to do that. I know I am pleased with where we are right now with this measure. I look forward to the passage of this bill, again, in working with him and my other colleagues, as we move through the conference process. With that, I yield the floor and await the comments of my friend and rank-ing member, Senator U
DALL . The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, thank you very much for the recognition. I say to Chairman MURKOWSKI , thank you for those very kind words. It is, once again, always a pleasure to say we have worked with each other. I know there are issues sometimes we disagree on, but we listen to each other, we work through the issues, and we always come back to try to reach a financial result, and I think that is what the American people and what Alaskans and New Mexicans want us to do. As the ranking member of the Inte-rior Department’s Appropriations sub-committee, I thank my colleagues for being part of a remarkable process on the floor this last week, and I want to again thank my chairman, Senator L
ISAMURKOWSKI , and commend her for managing the bill in the way she has managed it and the leadership she has shown in this. I am particularly proud that we have moved this bill without the addition of contentious authorizing matters or poison pills, which is quite an accom-plishment. What we really want is the appropriations process to work the way it has worked and let the authorizing process work. Senator M
URKOWSKI has been involved in both of those things— authorizing and appropriations—as I have been. Unfortunately, there are still some poison pill riders in the House bill. By voting to send the Senate Interior bill to the conference without adding con-troversial items, we are, as a body, telling the House we will reject these poison pills once again. That message is important because the funding in this bill is critical to meet wildland firefighting needs, it is important for supporting National Parks and Public Lands, and to continue the Land and Water Conservation Fund. We need to pass a final bill to fund the Environmental Protection Agency, support arts and cultural institutions, and meet our Nation’s trust and treaty responsibilities with our Nation’s Tribes. As Senator M
URKOWSKI well knows, she has a very large number of Tribes in Alaska, and I have a signifi-cant number of Tribes in New Mexico. We try to work very closely on those Tribal issues to see that Tribes are in-cluded, and we take care of those con-sultation, government-to-government, sovereignty issues. There are other important issues to work through, including a proposal by the Department of the Interior to begin a major reorganization of the agency. Last week, the Department notified the subcommittee it plans to move for-ward during this fiscal year with ef-forts to change its regional boundaries, with more changes expected in fiscal year 2019. While this request is only the first step, I want to note that I have been asking Secretary Zinke for months for information about the Department’s plans, and I have yet to get answers to my questions. We have submitted very specific questions to him; we haven’t gotten answers. I hope Chairman M
UR-
KOWSKI will work with me to ensure that no changes are made without bi-partisan agreement from Congress, Tribes, States, and stakeholders. This is one of the many issues this subcommittee has on our very full plate as we move to reconcile the House and Senate Interior bills. I hope to be back on the floor of the Senate very soon with a conference report we can pass with broad support. As I conclude, I would like to thank Chairman SHELBY and Vice Chairman L
EAHY for providing outstanding lead-ership through this process. We wouldn’t be here without the excellent work of the Appropriations full com-mittee staff, including Shannon Hines, Chuck Kieffer, and Chanda Betourney, as well as my own subcommittee staff, Rachael Taylor, Ryan Hunt, and Me-lissa Zimmerman, and the excellent majority staff as well, led by Leif Fonnesbeck. I would also like to thank Senator M
ERKLEY , who serves on the Appropria-tions Committee with me, and I believe on my subcommittee, for his courtesies today to allow us to appear, talking to each other and having a colloquy. Let me also say that Senator M
ERKLEY is a very important member of the Appropriations Committee. He stands up for all of these issues I talked about, and I thank him so much for that. Mr. President, again I want to thank my colleagues for being part of a re-markable collaborative process on the Interior appropriations bill, as well as the other appropriations bills we have had on the floor this past week. I be-lieve that with the amendments we have voted on and included, we have improved this bill and made it a stronger, bipartisan product. I want to, again, thank my Chair-man, Senator M
URKOWSKI , and com-mend her and her very fine staff for managing this bill on the floor, and for working with me throughout the ap-propriations process. I want to remind everyone that this bill came out of Committee on an af-firmative vote of 31 to zero. I hope that it receives the same unanimous sup-port when we pass it here in a short while. While I believe this goes for all four bills, the Interior bill is filled with bi-partisan priorities that all sides can and should support. I can’t emphasize enough just how important the funding in this bill is for my home State of New Mexico and for so many States across the West. Given how important this bill is, I am particularly proud that we have done all this without the addition of contentious authorizing matters or poison pill riders. Unfortunately, our colleagues in the House have not followed suit. There are nearly three dozen riders in the House- passed bill, the majority of which are outright poison pills. For the most part, we have seen iterations of them over the last 8 years. By voting to send the Senate appro-priations bill to conference without 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.005 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5531 August 1, 2018 
adding controversial items, we are, as a body, telling the House that we will re-ject these poison pill riders once again. So I look forward to having the op-portunity to conference this bill and to work to pass a clean appropriations bill on a bipartisan basis. After all, we have so many important issues that we need to address, and we especially want to address them by the beginning of the fiscal year. We must ensure that firefighting needs are met. We must work to pass a bill that sup-ports the core work that the Environ-mental Protection Agency does to pro-tect human health and the environ-ment. We must work to meet our Nation’s trust and treaty responsibilities by in-creasing funding for Tribal priorities, including healthcare, education, public safety, and social services. We must fund our national parks and other public lands, protect our treas-ured landscapes through the Land and Water Conservation Fund and ensure that our Nation’s arts and cultural in-stitutions are supported with strong funding levels. Finally, we must work through other important issues—including a proposal by the Department of the Interior to begin a major reorganization of the agency. Last week, the Department notified the subcommittee that it plans to move forward with efforts to change the regional boundaries of its bureaus as part of a multiyear effort to reorga-nize the agency this fiscal year, start-ing in late August. Our subcommittee is now reviewing the Department’s request through its reprogramming process, which allows us 30 days to review and approve re-programming proposals. I am cognizant that this request sets the stage for the Department to make other changes to agency operations as proposed in its fiscal year 2019 budget. I have been asking Secretary Zinke for months for more information— basic information—about the Depart-ment’s plans and how the reorganiza-tion will affect work on the ground with States, Tribes, and other part-ners. I want to know what happens to the Federal jobs that are currently lo-cated in New Mexico and other Western States. So far, I have yet to get answers to my questions, and I have real concerns that the Department is intent to move forward with this first step before the agency has completed Tribal consulta-tions, or fully answered the questions of states, Tribes, and Stakeholders about the big picture. My questions are the same I would ask any administration: What is the cost-benefit analysis? Who will be moved and where? What are expected impacts to services? And what will the new structure and organizational chart be? I hope my Chairman, Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI , will work with me as we try to get answers during the conference process and will work with me to en-sure that no organizational changes are made without a clear plan and without bipartisan agreement from Congress. This is one of the many issues that this subcommittee has on our very full plate as we go about reconciling the House and Senate Interior bills, but I hope to be back here on the floor of the Senate very soon with a conference re-port we can pass with broad support. As I conclude, I would like to thank Chairman SHELBY and Vice Chairman L
EAHY for providing outstanding lead-ership that has culminated in this bill being ready for the Senate today. Pas-sage of this bill is quite an achieve-ment. We wouldn’t be here without the hard work of the full committee staff mem-bers, led by staff director Shannon Hines for the majority, and the lead staffers for the minority, staff director Chuck Kieffer and deputy staff director Chanda Betourney. I want to again highlight the excellent work of the staff members of the Interior Appro-priations Subcommittee, whom I have already thanked in the record. Mr. President, I yield to Senator M
ERKLEY . The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I am glad to be here following my colleague who is the ranking member of the sub-committee and who has done such ex-cellent work, as well as with the Sen-ator from Alaska, in undertaking and really bringing together a vision for their subcommittee that we have need-ed on this floor for a long time—well done. I stand here as the ranking member of the Agriculture Appropriations Sub-committee. I am very pleased to be able to pass this bill today—or we will hopefully soon do so—with strong bi-partisan support. Appreciation to the chairman of the subcommittee, Sen-ator H
OEVEN , and his excellent Appro-priations Committee team, including Carlisle Clarke, Elizabeth Dent, Pat-rick Carroll, and Carlos Elias. They worked hand in hand with my team of Dianne Nellor, Jessica Schulken, Bob Ross, and Teri Curtin. I came to the floor the other day to speak to the ex-cellent work Jessica Schulken has done over her career, serving for nearly two decades on the committee and just being a powerful, intelligent, persua-sive, and insightful force in agricul-tural policy. I think, together, we have produced a very good bill. It provides funding for programs that are impor-tant to every American in every com-munity, from the smallest rural town to the biggest city. And we rejected draconian cuts proposed in the Presi-dent’s budget. Some of the essential items that we find in the Ag appropriations bill in-clude rural development, which is very important to my State and my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle—we have so much going on in our rural towns. It is important to fund our rural business, rural utility service, and rural broadband. Rural business and rural broadband, by the way, were ze-roed out by the President and faced draconian cuts. I am so pleased we were able to reach a bipartisan decision to support these rural development programs. We also support nutrition for Ameri-cans. In our country, there is no reason Americans should be going hungry. We also maintain international as-sistance, which largely means buying American food and shipping it overseas to places in the world that are des-perate. I had the chance to visit some of those areas in Africa and see first-hand how important our contribution to the World Food Program is. Our environmental programs assist farmers in the stewardship of the land. It is something they have in their hearts, and it is helpful to have the EQIP program and the NRCS to sup-port them. The Agricultural Research Service is essential and so important to the great diversity of crops we have in my State and the unending list of potential pests, problems, and diseases that occur. We have to continue that re-search. I recently visited, for example, a wheat research station, and it was fascinating to see. From a distance, you would say: Well, that is just an-other field of wheat; what could be the issues? Well, it turns out there are all kinds of important issues that require agricultural research. Then there is risk management for our farmers and having that structure to support them so they aren’t wiped out in rough times. It has been a pleasure to work on this subcommittee and to see the broader Appropriations Committee returning to regular order, bringing bills to the floor, having a chance for all Senators to have a say in the process. So here we are in a better place, and I hope it is a course that we can continue. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be given the floor and that my time be allocated to leader time. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, for several weeks, our Republican col-leagues have been stonewalling our ef-forts to gain access to Judge Kavanaugh’s full record on behalf of the Senate and, more importantly, on behalf of the American people. In doing so, they have discarded a tradition of bipartisan cooperation when it comes to requesting a nominee’s record. Whether or not you have been for a nominee, we used to all agree that the Senate should be able to review their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.005 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5532 August 1, 2018 
full record for the sake of transparency and openness, for a vote, to advise and consent on one of the most important jobs in the country and in the world, a lifetime job of tremendous power, not abstract power. The decisions the Su-preme Court makes affect the daily lives of Americans. So this is just in-credible. For Justice Kagan, Democrats joined with the Republican minority to re-quest all of her records. For Justice Sotomayor, Democrats did the same. We could have come up with some fake reasons why you couldn’t get the records. We didn’t. We believe in trans-parency and openness. But Republicans are doing a 180-degree reverse now that they are in charge, which leaves a very bad taste in our mouths and in the mouths of the American people. They are saying that what is good for the goose is not good for the gander; that transparency is fine when Democrats are in charge and nominating nominees but no transparency when Republicans are in charge. Republicans are breaking from the bipartisan precedent, and they are re-questing only a subset of Judge Kavanaugh’s records from his time in the White House. Chairman G
RASSLEY  has asked for documents pertaining to Judge Kavanaugh’s time in the White House Counsel’s Office but none from his 3 years as Staff Secretary—argu-ably a more important and more re-vealing job. Now, adding insult to injury—and this is utterly amazing—we have just learned that even when it comes to the documents concerning Kavanaugh’s time in the White House Counsel’s Of-fice, the Senate is not likely to get the full picture even on that limited group of documents. Chairman G
RASSLEY has written to the National Archives and the Bush Li-brary to request documents from when Kavanaugh was White House Counsel, and both are working to produce them. But, unlike at the National Archives, the Bush Library—and we know Presi-dent Bush. I have a great deal of re-spect for him. I think he is a good man even though I disagreed with him on a whole lot. But he is a close friend of Kavanaugh’s, who worked for him, and he is a loyal guy. So what have they done? The Bush Library has hired a legal team—led by a Republican lawyer with close ties to President Bush and President Trump— to prescreen the documents from Kavanaugh’s time in the White House Counsel’s Office. They are doing the screening—this lawyer who worked for Bannon and who worked for Priebus and so many other Republicans. Pejo-ratively, you might say he is sort of a hack lawyer. He may be a fine lawyer. But he always works for Republicans. He is a very partisan man, and he is screening the documents that the pub-lic can see. The legal team can cite Executive privilege—that is President Bush’s pre-rogative—to deny the Senate some or all of the documents, and we believe they may be claiming the discretion to determine whether a document is prop-erly considered a Presidential record at all. That is something only the Na-tional Archives can do. They are non-partisan. They don’t have any political pull. The bottom line is this: The Repub-lican lawyers overseeing the produc-tion of documents from the Bush Li-brary may seek to deny the Senate ac-cess to documents the National Ar-chives would otherwise bring. Is that incredible? So there is another layer. It is not even all the counsel’s docu-ments, because there is a lawyer—a tried-and-true doctrinaire Republican lawyer, tight with so many of the peo-ple in this administration—who is de-termining which documents we get to see and which documents we don’t. Knowing that, I recently wrote a let-ter to President Bush asking him a simple question: Will he, President Bush, make public Judge Kavanaugh’s full record or not? I wanted to be sure there would be little or no daylight be-tween what the Senate received from the Bush Library and what we received from the National Archives. Unfortu-nately, I did not get a simple answer; I got a reply from the lawyer hired by the Bush Library, draped in legalese and obfuscations, confirming that a team of private-sector lawyers are screening the documents—the limited number of documents—from when Kavanaugh was White House Counsel. He also made clear that ‘‘copies of records that the team of lawyers has reviewed and . . . approved for disclo-sure’’ would be made ‘‘available di-rectly to the Committee.’’ That is in this letter right here sent by the law-yers. Ironically, this offer was presented as a courtesy. Of course, it is plain as day—it means that Chairman G
RASS -
LEYcould access the prescreened docu-ments from the Bush legal team and decline to wait for documents being processed by the National Archives, meaning the Senate and the public will only see what the partisan lawyers want us to see. Some courtesy. This is not a fishing expedition. This is not an attempt to run out the clock. We are talking about a lifetime ap-pointment to the highest Court in the land. The person who fills this vacancy on the Court will have the power to af-fect the lives of every single American, now and for decades. Democrats simply want his records to be made available to the Senate and to the public to judge for themselves whether President Trump’s nominee is the right choice for our country. The American people deserve that right. But not only are Republicans blocking access to Kavanaugh’s record when he was a sen-ior member of the Bush administra-tion, the documents they are request-ing are being prescreened by lawyers on their side. It leads you to wonder over and over again, what are the Re-publicans trying to hide in Kavanaugh’s record? To go to such lengths to tie themselves in knots and pretzels to deny simple documents that people can read makes people ask: What are they hiding? What are they afraid of? Why can’t we have open doc-uments, as we had for Kagan and Sotomayor, President Obama’s nomi-nees? To go to such lengths to deny the Senate impartial access to this mate-rial is telling. HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, on healthcare, today the Trump administration has finalized a plan for a type of health insurance that will essentially repeal protections on preexisting conditions and allow in-surance companies to cover fewer bene-fits, not more. These so-called short- term plans are the very definition of a bait-and-switch. Under the guise of lower premiums, these plans lure Americans in, but they hardly cover anything. The insurance company will tell you that this plan will cover you for this and that, and then when you read the fine print, it doesn’t, even though you are paying a nice-size premium. So there will be no protections in these plans if you develop a preexisting con-dition. God forbid you find out your son or daughter has cancer. You need help. You are desperate for help. You want a healthy child above anything else. The insurance company can just kick you off. That is not what America should be. These plans the administration is supporting—allowing, pushing—don’t have any protections for preexisting conditions. Many don’t cover basic services like maternity care and pre-scription drugs. How do you like that? You sign up for a plan—no prescription drugs. When you get sick, you discover you are on the hook for much more than you expected, maybe much more than you can afford. There are stories of people having medical bills close to $1 million after an insurer used a loophole in their junk plan to deny them coverage. We al-ready know that many of the leading issuers of these junk plans spend less than half of the premiums they receive on healthcare. They pocket the money for profit and for salary, and the poor person who is covered hardly gets any-thing. There ought to be protections for that. We don’t live in the 1890s; we live in a modern-day America where we be-lieve in the private capitalist system. But we have protections. We have learned through the centuries that peo-ple need them. But this administra-tion, aided by some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle—not all— just wants to roll back that clock for the benefit of the big, powerful indus-tries, hurting average, middle-class Americans. The Trump administration plans to increase premiums for middle-class families and for older Americans. So many who have preexisting conditions will have no choice but to remain in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.008 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5533 August 1, 2018 
comprehensive insurance, and their premiums will go way up. If you are over 50 before you get Medicare, you had better be wary of these too. Even if you don’t want to buy the plan, it is going to cost you a lot more—your ex-isting one. Insurers across the country have already cited the prospect of this rule as a major reason for the premium increases that are coming up in 2019, and who knows how much higher the premiums will go now that the rule is final. Let me be clear. These new short- term plans are nothing short of junk insurance. They are junk insurance, and the President is pushing them, and our colleagues on the other side of the aisle—many of them, not all—are giv-ing these junk plans a Good House-keeping seal of approval at the obei-sance of big, powerful industry inter-ests. These plans will cost Americans more, both those who sign up for these plans and the many who do not. We Democrats will do everything in our power to stop these junk plans. Instead of pushing new rules that weaken vital protections for people with preexisting conditions and raising the cost of healthcare for families, President Trump and Republicans in Congress should work together in a bi-partisan fashion—as some have tried to do, including the Senator from Maine, who is standing behind me—to lower costs and help the most vulnerable Americans. I yield the floor and relinquish my leader time. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I want to take a minute to thank Senator C
OL-
LINS and our staff for their hard work on the THUD bill. Their profes-sionalism and dedication to a thought-ful, bipartisan process has been key to moving this bill smoothly through committee markup and the floor. Specifically, I want to thank Dabney Hegg, Clare Doherty, Christina Mon-roe, Nathan Robinson, Jordan Stone, Gus Maples, Rajat Mathur, Jacob Press, and Jason Woolwine. I would also like to thank the full committee staff: Chuck Kieffer, Shan-non Hines, Chanda Betourney, Jessica Berry, David Adkins, and Jonathan Graffeo. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Maine. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 3464, 3522, 3524, AND 3402 TO  
AMENDMENT NO . 3399 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I call up the following amendments and ask unanimous consent that they be re-ported by number: No. 3464, No. 3522, No. 3524, and No. 3402. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The clerk will report the amend-ments by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Maine [Ms. C OLLINS ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 3464, 3522, 3524, and 3402. 
The amendments are as follows: AMENDMENT NO . 3464 (Purpose: To provide for election security grants) At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. In addition to amounts made available for the Election Assistance Com-mission, $250,000,000 shall be made available for election security grants: Provided, That, of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Treasury Forfeiture Fund’’, $380,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded not later than September 30, 2019. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3522 (Purpose: To prohibit the use of funds to en-force standards of identity with respect to certain food) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated by this Act to the Food and Drug Adminis-tration shall be used to enforce standards of identity with respect to a food that would be considered adulterated or misbranded for the sole reason that the labeling of such food contains a common or usual name of another food, provided that the name of such other food on the label is preceded by a promi-nently displayed qualifying prefix, word, or phrase that identifies— (1) an alternative plant or animal source that replaces some or all of the main charac-terizing ingredient or component of such other food; or (2) the absence of a primary characterizing plant or animal source, or of a nutrient, al-lergen, or other well-known component, that is ordinarily present in such other food. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3524 (Purpose: To appropriate funds to carry out programs relating to the innovation, proc-ess improvement, and marketing of dairy products) On page 324, line 13, strike the colon and insert ‘‘; and of which $7,000,000 shall be available for marketing activities authorized under section 204(b) of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1623(b)) to pro-vide to State departments of agriculture, State cooperative extension services, insti-tutions of higher education, and nonprofit organizations grants to carry out programs and provide technical assistance to promote innovation, process improvement, and mar-keting relating to dairy products:’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3402 (Purpose: To prohibit the use of funds to carry out the District of Columbia’s health insurance individual mandate) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by Division B of this Act may be used by the government of the District of Colum-bia to carry out subtitle A of title V of the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Support Act of 2018 (D.C. Bill 22–753) (requiring residents of the District of Columbia to have health insur-ance). 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to proceed with a closing statement for up to 3 minutes. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, as we near completion of the fiscal year 2019 appropriations bill for Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, which has been in-cluded in the appropriations package before this Chamber, I wish to thank all of my colleagues for working col-laboratively with us. The managers’ amendment incor-porates 14 T-HUD amendments, which adds to the deliberations that produced the bill that we brought to the floor. In drafting this bill, the ranking member, Senator JACKREED, to whom I am very grateful for his bipartisan collabora-tion, reviewed more than 800 requests and input from 70 Senators from both sides of the aisle. This truly is a bipar-tisan product. I also want to thank the staff for their diligence and commit-ment throughout this process. Our Transportation-HUD bill makes important investments in our infra-structure and housing programs that will benefit communities and vulner-able families, seniors, young people, homeless veterans, and so many others across the Nation. Improving our infra-structure is also essential for economic growth, personal mobility, and the cre-ation of jobs. I am pleased that we were able to bring this spending bill to the floor so that Members have a full opportunity to analyze and debate this legislation rather than the past practice of moving all the appropriations bills in one enor-mous, 1,000-page omnibus. That is a great credit to the Senate, to the Ap-propriations Committee, and particu-larly its leaders, Senator S
HELBY and Senator L
EAHY , and to the majority and minority leaders as well. All of them worked together and made it a goal for us to report all 12 appropria-tions bills from the Appropriations Committee and bring them to the floor for full and open debate. That is how the process is meant to work. I want to thank my Members on both sides of the aisle and urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. President, I wish to also speak about clarifying FDA regulations on ‘‘added sugar’’ labeling requirements. It is very important to our pure maple syrup and honey producers in the State of Maine. I rise to thank my colleagues, includ-ing Chairman S
HELBY , for including in the managers’ package an amendment that I offered with Senators K
ING, S
ANDERS , HOEVEN , SHAHEEN , and L EAHY  to help protect our pure maple syrup and honey producers from labeling re-quirements that could create wide-spread consumer confusion and nega-tively affect these industries. Although FDA’s ‘‘added sugars’’ la-beling requirement is intended to help educate consumers about a product’s contents, complications arise when it is applied to single-ingredient sweet-eners like maple sugar or honey. The rule would require the label to state that all sugar in these products as ‘‘added sugar.’’ The Maine Maple Producers Associa-tion, along with the individual pro-ducers it represents, believes that the term ‘‘added sugar,’’ when used with a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.010 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5534 August 1, 2018 
single ingredient sweetener, will con-fuse consumers and misrepresent the product’s standard of identity. Consumers may assume that high fructose corn syrup or cane sugar has been added to the maple syrup, which directly conflicts with the pure and natural image of the product. Our amendment would ensure that no funds are used to enforce the ‘‘added sugars’’ requirement on any single in-gredient sugar, honey, agave, or syrup that is packaged for sale as a single in-gredient. I am grateful that FDA has acknowl-edged the serious concerns expressed in the public comments and by Members of Congress, by declaring its intent to ‘‘swiftly formulate a revised ap-proach.’’ While we are committed to ul-timately achieving an exemption for single-ingredient sweeteners, passage of this amendment is another signal of strong bipartisan, bicameral opposition to the requirement. This is a commonsense solution to avoid harmful unintended con-sequences of a well-meaning rule, and I thank my colleagues for their support. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3464 
There will now be 2 minutes of de-bate, equally divided, prior to a vote in relation to the Leahy amendment No. 3464. The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, today, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by my friend and colleague from Vermont, Senator L
EAHY . My colleagues have heard me stand at this same desk multiple times and speak on the issues underlying the Secure Elections Act, a piece of au-thorizing language that it is exception-ally important that we actually get passed. This is a bill that Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR and I, along with Senators H
ARRIS , G RAHAM , COLLINS , H EINRICH , B
URR, and W ARNER , have worked on very hard to get done. It is something that is being discussed in the Intel-ligence Committee hearing that is going on right now. Some of the wit-nesses spontaneously raised its reforms as some of key steps that we need to take to secure our elections. But what we are talking about today is not the authorizing language that is needed; it is appropriations dollars. Just 4 months ago, this body appro-priated $380 million to give to the States to help them in their elections. Ninety percent of those dollars have been transmitted, but most of that money is not out the door. We have $380 million that is in proc-ess, but it will be the end of next year before we know how the States have actually spent it. I believe it is far too early to add another one-quarter of a billion dollars, which is what this amendment would provide, to the States when we don’t know how the first $380 million has even been spent. The Intelligence Committee did ex-tensive research on how much was needed, and the $380 million amount was what was needed for the moment. I ask us to keep the funding at $380 million and not add another one-quar-ter of a billion to that amount. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, our intel-ligence community unanimously agrees that Russia interfered in the 2016 elections and that there is an im-minent threat to the 2018 elections. Our country, our democracy, is under attack, and we should respond. Let’s heed the warnings of our intelligence agencies. The lights are blinking red. Let’s listen to our State attorneys gen-eral and Secretaries of State. My amendment does provide $250 mil-lion for State election security grants to protect our upcoming election. It helps States improve election cyber se-curity, replace outdated election equip-ment. We did provide, as the distin-guished Senator said, $380 million in fiscal year 2018. That was the first new funding for election security in years, but more is needed. The President is not going to act. The duty has fallen to us. Let’s not, after an election, find out that this country was defenseless against at-tacks from Russia, and then say: Oh, gosh, we should have done something. This is not a partisan issue. Repub-licans and Democrats have to be con-cerned. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on my amendment to secure our elections. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all votes after the first in this series be 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is on agreeing to the amendment. Mr. LEAHY. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays were announced— yeas 50, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 176 Leg.] YEAS—50 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Corker Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NAYS—47 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Capito Cassidy Collins Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—3 
Burr Flake McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3522 
There will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in rela-tion to the Lee amendment No. 3522. The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent to speak for up to 3 min-utes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, a few years ago, a company in California called Hampton Creek, now known as JUST, Inc., started selling vegan—that is to say, eggless—mayonnaise. Just Mayo was one of hundreds of increasingly popular alternative foods developed in recent decades, marketed to vegetar-ians, vegans, and people with food al-lergies or other health concerns. Understandably, as soon as Just Mayo started to win confidence, it started to attract the attention of top executives in the egg industry. Unfor-tunately, their intent was not to im-prove quality or reduce prices. It was, instead, to enlist the government in a pattern that would chill competition. Under a 1938 Federal law, the Food and Drug Administration has the power to set so-called ‘‘standards of identity.’’ Those are rules defining what does and does not qualify as a particular food product. Under these regulations, anything calling its ‘‘may-onnaise’’ has to have eggs in it. Just Mayo was being accused of being ille-gally labeled. It is not just may-onnaise. Just the other week, the FDA an-nounced a proposed rule that would ban the use of the term ‘‘milk’’ for nondairy products. The FDA says milk is ‘‘lacteal secretion . . . obtained by the complete milking of one or more healthy cows,’’ and nothing else. The proposed rule change would wipe out almond milk, soy milk, and coconut milk off of our grocery store shelves. Whatever their original value, these labeling requirements are outdated and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.007 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5535 August 1, 2018 
they are unnecessary. Consumers are not deceived by these labels. No one buys almond milk under the false illu-sion that it came from a cow. They buy almond milk because it didn’t come from a cow. The amendment I am offering would protect consumers from these ‘‘stand-ards of identity’’ requirements, and they would protect them from this kind of abuse. Specifically, the amend-ment would prohibit funds from being used to enforce these rules against products simply because of their use of a common compound name—such as where a word or phrase identifies an al-ternative plant or animal source. In other words, it would protect prod-ucts like ‘‘almond milk,’’ ‘‘goat cheese,’’ and ‘‘gluten-free bread’’ from accusations of being illegally labeled. It belongs to consumers, not big agri-cultural companies. The role of govern-ment in the market is to protect com-petition, not any one competitor. The Federal Government has more impor-tant things to worry about than the fake scourge of almond milk. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 2
1⁄2minutes on this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I rise to urge my colleagues to oppose my colleague Senator L
EE’s amendment, which would interfere with the Food and Drug Administration’s ability to enforce their regulations related to the names of dairy products. This amend-ment, if passed, would upend the FDA’s review of nutrition innovation as part of its nutrition innovation strategy. It would short-circuit the agency’s efforts to review standards of identity and other tools to provide meaningful, ac-curate information about food products to consumers, and it would block the agency from addressing the mislabeling of imitation products that use dairy names without meeting the legal requirements to use those terms. The FDA currently has an open dock-et and the public is able to comment on these issues. We should all let that process play out. But this isn’t just an attack on the FDA’s process. It is an attack on dairy farmers across the country and in my home State of Wisconsin. This attack couldn’t happen at a worse time. Dairy farmers are facing extremely difficult times. In Wisconsin, last year we lost over 500 dairy farms, mostly small and medium family-size farms—almost 6 percent of the dairy farms operating in our State. Dairy farmers in Wisconsin work hard to meet the various requirements for the milk they produce. This ensures that when a consumer buys a dairy product, it will perform in recipes as expected, and it will contain high-qual-ity nutrients for those consumers. I want to finish with one key point. There are already existing regulations on the books that define what con-stitutes dairy. However, the FDA has failed to enforce their own rules as imi-tation products have used dairy’s good name for their own benefit. I introduced the Dairy Pride Act to force the FDA to stop sitting on the sidelines and to enforce its own rules. Instead of blocking the FDA from doing its job as the Lee amendment would do, we should ensure that the FDA moves forward and enforces its own rules. Dairy farmers in Wisconsin shouldn’t be asked to wait any longer. I urge my colleagues to oppose the Lee amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question occurs on agreeing to amend-ment No. 3522, offered by the Senator from Utah, Mr. LEE. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 14, nays 84, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 177 Leg.] YEAS—14 
Booker Capito Cassidy Corker Cruz Heinrich Lee Menendez Paul Rubio Schatz Sullivan Toomey Young 
NAYS—84 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Flake McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3524 
There will now be 2 minutes of de-bate, equally divided, prior to a vote in relation to Baldwin amendment No. 3524. The Senator from Wisconsin. Ms. BALDWIN. Madam President, I rise to urge my colleagues to support my bipartisan amendment with my col-league Senator SUSAN COLLINS . It would spur innovation in the dairy business. This amendment would do three sim-ple things. It would foster the develop-ment of innovative dairy products that respond to consumer demand, support new and existing dairy entrepreneurs to develop their businesses and expand their markets, and provide technical assistance to dairy processors to up-date their manufacturing processes and meet consumer demand. Dairy farmers are facing extremely difficult times. These farmers are fac-ing retaliatory tariffs, uncertainty about trade deals and export markets, and low milk prices. This amendment would provide technical assistance and solutions for dairy entrepreneurs so that farmers, dairy co-ops, and other businesses can find new ways to com-pete, increase their efficiency, and find more homes for the surplus of milk that we have. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is on agreeing to the amendment. Mr. COTTON. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 83, nays 15, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 178 Leg.] YEAS—83 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Crapo Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.015 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5536 August 1, 2018 
Sullivan Tester Thune Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—15 
Capito Cassidy Corker Cotton Cruz Daines Kennedy Lankford Lee Paul Rubio Sasse Scott Tillis Toomey 
NOT VOTING—2 
Flake McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3402 
There will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in rela-tion to the Cruz amendment No. 3402. The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, one of the most significant victories for the American people that was in the tax cut legislation we passed last year was that this body and the Congress came together and repealed the ObamaCare individual mandate. The individual mandate is one of the cruelest and most unfair aspects of ObamaCare. Every year, the IRS fined about 6.5 million Americans because they couldn’t afford health insurance. Sadly, the reaction of Democratic poli-ticians in the District of Columbia is to reimpose those fines on the poorest residents in DC. My assumption is that many, if not all, of our Democratic col-leagues will vote to do exactly that right now, but let me point out that in DC in 2015, 7,150 people were fined by the IRS and that of those, 75 percent made less than $50,000 a year in income and 33 percent made less than $25,000 a year in income. So if you vote to table this amendment, you are voting to raise taxes on low-income DC residents who are struggling to make ends meet. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, Sen-ator S
HELBY and I both worked hard through this process to keep out poison pill riders. This amendment is a par-tisan poison pill. We talk about repealing the Federal mandate, but of course, by doing that, we saw a direct premium increase as a result of that repeal. The District of Columbia and States like Vermont passed their own mandates to keep pre-miums down. Just like Vermont, DC should have the authority to make its own laws. Instead of telling all of those people who claim we must have States’ rights, here we are telling the District of Columbia: We will tell you what to do. That is not democracy. So I move to table the amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. Mr. SHELBY. Madam President, I will be brief. I appreciate the Senator’s amendment. On policy grounds, I would agree with Senator CRUZ 100 percent. My position on this, though, is clear, and I have consistently voted to repeal ObamaCare and the individual man-date. So it is with reluctance that I support the motion to table this amendment. I do so, I believe, for the good of the appropriations process. We have been able to cut a path back to regular order here by working together in a bipartisan manner. This amend-ment, I believe, would poison this, would eliminate the bipartisan support we have forged for this package. If we go down this road, I believe we will soon find ourselves back on the path to disorder in the appropriations process. I don’t believe any of us want that. So, again, I support the motion to table this amendment not because I op-pose it on policy grounds but because I want to maintain the progress we are making in the appropriations process to go to regular order. I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion to table. The yeas and nays were previously ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 54, nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 179 Leg.] YEAS—54 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—44 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—2 
Flake McCain 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —CONFERENCE  
REPORT TO ACCOMPANY H .R. 5515 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, following disposi-tion of H.R. 6147, the Senate proceed to the consideration of the conference re-port to accompany H.R. 5515; that the cloture motion on the conference re-port be withdrawn; that there be up to 1 hour of debate on the conference re-port, with 30 minutes under the control of Senator R
UBIO and 30 minutes under the control of the managers; and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the adop-tion of the conference report without intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SENATOR SHELBY ’S1 0,000TH VOTE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, very briefly, on another point, I want to take a moment, as we wrap up this appropriations package, to recognize the distinguished tenure and leadership of our chairman, R
ICHARD SHELBY . Earlier this year, Senator S
HELBY  cast vote No. 10,000 right here on the Senate floor. Like so many of his ac-complishments, that landmark seemed to slip by without a whole lot of fuss, but what a remarkable milepost in a very distinguished career. I imagine this year’s appropriations process holds special significance for our chairman. As he took the reins of the committee, he made clear that in working with Senator L
EAHY , regular order would be the name of the game. He set his sights on restoring the kind of collaborative process that has his-torically made our institutions so unique. As we all know, that is a little bit easier said than actually done. Yet, the committee completed a markup process that reported out all 12 spend-ing bills faster than it had in any year since 1988. That was three decades ago. When we close out this package, the Senate will have passed a majority of its annual appropriations measures by the beginning of August for the first time since 2000—18 years ago. I am sure my fellow members of the Appropriations Committee would agree with me that this productivity is due, in large part, to the leadership of our chairman, R
ICHARD SHELBY . So on behalf of the whole Senate, I want to thank him for the work he has done so far and for the accomplish-ments on behalf of the American people that are yet to come. I want to thank Senator L
EAHY , as well, and all of our other colleagues on the committee for their contributions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I would like to join my friend the major-ity leader in congratulating D
ICK S
HELBY on his 10,000th vote. I knew him before he cast his first vote in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.014 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5537 August 1, 2018 
Senate, when we were fellow Demo-crats in the House of Representatives. That was a long time ago. But one thing has been consonant throughout his career: his decency, his honor, and, most of all, his desire to get things done for his home State of Alabama and for our country. That has led him to be an outstanding leader of the Appropriations Committee. As the majority leader mentioned, we are working in a remarkably smooth, bipartisan way. We hope that is a precedent of things to come. We hope we will continue to work together and not let any outside forces mess that up—not to mention any names. He is just a wonderful guy. He really is. We see each other in the gym in the morning. Let me tell you, S
HELBY is as fit as ever, huffing and puffing away on the bike. That gives all of us solace be-cause it means he has even more strength to guide us through the appro-priations process for many years to come. I wish to acknowledge his partner in this—they couldn’t have done it with-out working together—Senator L
EAHY . It is a great team, and we look forward to continued bipartisanship, com-promise, and success. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. I yield to the Senator from Alabama. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. Mr. SHELBY. Madam President, I thank Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator S
CHUMER for their kind remarks. I hope my wife was listening to that. What the heck. We have been working together, and we have to continue that to make the process work, to reach out to each other. Gosh, it is hard work. Senator L
EAHY and I differ on a lot of things, but we are together on bringing regular order to the Appropriations Committee because I thought all along we owe it to the American people. We are ac-countable—both parties, both groups. That is what we have been about. Thank you again to the leader and Senator S
CHUMER for your kind re-marks. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I thank the senior Senator from Ala-bama for his kind words. I also thank our two leaders for their kind words. Senator S
HELBY and I met with Sen-ator M
CCONNELL and Senator S CHUMER  earlier this year, and we said that we want to get the Senate back to what it should be and what it has been. What better way than to do it on the appro-priations bills. I have served here longer than anybody in this body. I have seen it when it has worked and when it hasn’t worked. Senator S
HELBY  and I felt we could do it. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this final passage, second minibus package. Each of these were reported by the Appro-priations Committee unanimously, Re-publicans and Democrats voting to-gether. Some of us said we couldn’t agree on the Sun rising in the East, but we agreed. Incidentally, my dear friend, the Sen-ator from Alabama—I wish to note that the tie I am wearing is one that he and Dr. Shelby gave me for my birth-day this year. I thought that might be a good touch. I thank what both Senators MCCON-
NELL and S CHUMER said. They worked very hard with us. The Agriculture bill continues strong support for our country’s farmers. It abandons the Trump budget’s proposal to leave rural communities behind and instead invests in rural development and housing programs. The Financial Services bill supports regulatory agencies that the American people rely on to protect them from unfair, unsafe or fraudulent business practices. The Interior bill rejects the anti- science know-nothing agenda proposed by the Trump administration by pro-tecting the Environmental Protection Agency from the President’s proposed reckless and slashing cuts. It preserves investments that ensure our children and grandchildren will enjoy clean air and water. It supports our National Parks, which are treasures that must be protected for future generations. Finally, thanks to the bipartisan budget agreement, the Transportation bill contains $10 billion in new funding compared to fiscal year 2017 to invest in our Nation’s housing and infrastruc-ture. Every Member in this body knows of the urgent need to address the crum-bling infrastructure that plagues each of our States. This is a good first step. We are here today because Chairman S
HELBY and I, along with the sub-committee chairs and ranking mem-bers, worked hard to produce bipar-tisan bills with input from both Repub-licans and Democrats. Over the past 2 weeks, the Senate voted on 11 amend-ments, and agreed to a manager’s pack-age that contained 46 amendments im-portant to our Members. This is the way the Senate is sup-posed to work: regular order. Our bipartisan success is due to the S
HELBY , LEAHY , MCCONNELL , SCHUMER  commitment to move through this process with bipartisan support, at spending levels agreed to in the bipar-tisan budget deal, and reject poison pill riders and controversial authorizing language. The House, unfortunately, is pur-suing a different path. They are taking up partisan bills filled with poison pill riders that cannot and will not pass the Senate. If our progress is to continue, the bills that come out of conference must be bills that can pass the Senate, which means they must be free of poi-son pills. I am disappointed my election secu-rity grant amendment was rejected by the Senate. The integrity of our elec-tions, which are the foundation of our democracy, should not be a partisan issue. It is unfortunate that the Senate voted down funding our States need to help upgrade their election infrastruc-ture and secure our elections from in-terference by Russia and other foreign adversaries ahead of the 2018 midterms. We need to heed the warnings of our in-telligence agencies, of the lights blink-ing red, of the appeals from the attor-neys general, the secretaries of State, and the State and local election offi-cials who are sounding the alarm. This duty has fallen to us, and we must not later be found to have been asleep at the switch, with so much at stake. But this minibus is the result of hard work and compromise on the part of the chair and ranking member of each subcommittee. While it is not perfect, it will touch the lives of the American people in every State from improving roads to protecting our forests, and I urge that Senators vote ‘‘aye’’ on final passage. If we pass this bill today, we will have passed seven appropriations bills out of the Senate and have a firm com-mitment to take up two more in the coming weeks. It wouldn’t have worked if the chairman had not committed himself to what the rest of us did but also the chairs and the ranking mem-bers of the subcommittees we have here—Senators HOEVEN , M ERKLEY , M
URKOWSKI , U DALL , C OLLINS , R EED, L
ANKFORD , and C OONS . I also want to thank the majority staff: Shannon Hines, David Adkins, and Jonathan Graffeo, as well as their subcommittee staff. I often say that Senators are merely constitutional impediments to their staff. I know my staff has worked long hours. I might get home on a Saturday or Sunday, and they are still working, people like Charles Kieffer, Chanda Betourney, Jessica Berry, Rachael Taylor, Dianne Nellor, Dabney Hegg, Ellen Murray, and all of the sub-committee staff. Finally, I wish to thank Jessica Shulkin, who is going to be leaving the Appropriations Committee in August after nearly 18 years for the Agri-culture Subcommittee. Her expertise, her hard work, and her working in a bi-partisan and professional way has ad-vanced our Nation’s agricultural pol-icy, helped our rural communities, and has kept USDA and the FDA answer-able to Congress. I wish Jessica all the best. She has been a pleasure to work with. In conclusion, I have a list of all the staff, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VICECHAIRMAN LEAHY LIST OF MINIBUS #2 S
TAFF FOR THE RECORD  Charles Kieffer, Chanda Betourney, Jessica Berry, Jay Tilton, Rachael Taylor, Ellen Murray, Dianne Nellor, Dabney Hegg, Ryan Hunt, Melissa Zimmerman, Teri Curtin, Diana Hamilton, Reeves Hart, Jessica Schulken, Bob Ross, Christina Monroe, Na-than Robinson, Jordan Stone, Jean Kwon, Shannon Hines, Jonathan Graffeo, David 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.019 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5538 August 1, 2018 
Adkins, Leif Fonnesbeck, Andrew Newton, Carlisle Clarke, Clare Doherty, Emy Lesofski, Nona McCoy, Chris Tomassi, Lauren Comeau, Brian Daner, Patrick Car-roll, Elizabeth Dent, Gus Maples, Rajat Mathur, Jacob Press, Jason Woolwine. 
Mr. LEAHY. In conclusion, I thank Senator S
HELBY , Senator M CCONNELL , and Senator S
CHUMER . We worked to-gether. It is kind of nice when some-thing works out. I yield the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3400 WITHDRAWN  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Murkowski amendment No. 3400 is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3399, AS AMENDED  
Under the previous order, the Shelby amendment No. 3399, as amended, is agreed to. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are now 2 minutes equally divided prior to a vote on passage of H.R. 6147, as amended. The Senator from Alabama. Mr. SHELBY. Madam President, I want to say again that what we have been doing here, working together in a bipartisan way, is something that Sen-ator S
CHUMER and Senator M CCONNELL  were talking about hadn’t been done basically in 30 years. We are on the right track. We want to stay there. I have said many times to both parties: It is in our interests. The American people expect it. Let’s keep working to-gether. Madam President, before we vote, I want to thank my colleagues for their cooperation in moving this package. In particular, I want to thank leaders M
CCONNELL and S CHUMER for bringing these bills to the floor and Vice Chair-man L
EAHY for his continued partner-ship throughout the appropriations process. I also want to congratulate the bill managers and their staffs: Senators M
URKOWSKI , COLLINS , LANKFORD , and H
OEVEN on the Republican side; Sen-ators U
DALL , R EED, C OONS and M
ERKLEY on the Democratic side. These valuable members of the Appro-priations Committee produced strong and balanced bills, and they have guid-ed an open and disciplined process here on the Senate floor. I thank them for their excellent work. We are now making real headway in the appropriations process. The Committee reported all 12 fiscal year 2019 bills to the full Senate before the July 4 recess all with strong bipar-tisan support. The first three bill package passed the full Senate last month by a vote of 86 to 5. The package now before the Senate contains four additional appropriations bills. Hopefully—we’ll see here shortly— this package will achieve the same level of bipartisan support as the last. If that holds true we will have passed seven—yes, seven—appropriations bills before August. With only five more to go, I think we can honestly say this train has considerable momentum be-hind it now. Next up is the Defense-Labor-HHS package—a package I know senators on both sides of the aisle are very eager to debate. I hope my colleagues are encouraged by what is happening here, by what we are accomplishing together. Moving these bills in this way is the right thing to do—not only for this in-stitution, but for our country; for the American people. When we take up the next package I hope we will continue to work using this framework as our guide. It is, after all, this framework that has allowed us to return to regular order. This process is working, let’s keep it going. Again, I thank my colleagues for their cooperation. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill and with that I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I yield back the remainder of my time, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. FLAKE ) and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 92, nays 6, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 180 Leg.] YEAS—92 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—6 
Cruz Johnson Lee Paul Sasse Toomey 
NOT VOTING—2 
Flake McCain 
The bill (H.R. 6147), as amended, was passed. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019—CONFERENCE REPORT The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 5515, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
Conference report to accompany H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the cloture motion is withdrawn. Under the previous order, there will now be 1 hour of debate, with 30 min-utes controlled by the managers and 30 minutes under the control of the Sen-ator from Florida, Mr. R
UBIO. The Senator from North Dakota. Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to be recog-nized for 3 minutes for comments relat-ing to the appropriations bill prior to the NDAA bill debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
APPROPRIATIONS LEGISLATION  
Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I want to thank my colleagues for ad-vancing these appropriations bills, spe-cifically the ag appropriations bill. I also want to thank Senator M
ERKLEY , my ranking member on the committee. Throughout the process, we have had open communications and have worked to advance the bill and to address amendments brought forward by our colleagues. I also want to thank specifically Sen-ator M
ERKLEY ’s staff—Jessica Schulken, Dianne Nellor, and Bob Ross—for their work, as well as my crew—Carlisle Clarke, Patrick Carroll, Elizabeth Dent, Dan Auger, and Brita Endrud. This has been a process that has in-volved other subcommittees as well. I want to thank all of those who have worked on these appropriations bills, including Senator C
OLLINS and Senator R
EEDand their staffs on the Transpor-tation, Housing, and Urban Develop-ment Subcommittee; Senators M
UR-
KOWSKI and U DALL and their staffs on the Interior bill; Senators L
ANKFORD  and C
OONS on the Financial Services Subcommittee. This has certainly been a deliberative process—again, the way regular order is supposed to work. More than a dozen amendments that affected, for exam-ple, our agriculture bill have been ac-cepted over the course of the bill. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.017 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5539 August 1, 2018 
voted on others. So I am glad that we have had the open debate and been able to advance these bills, and, of course, particularly the Agriculture appropria-tions bill. I will just conclude with what I al-ways like to remind people of whenever we talk about agriculture, and that is good farm policy. It benefits every sin-gle American every single day because what our farmers and ranchers do is they produce the highest quality, low-est cost food supply in the world, which benefits every American every day. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I am now halfway through my eighth year in the U.S. Senate, and in my time here, I have never once spoken against, voted against, or opposed in any way any of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Acts that have come before the Senate. The reason being, despite whatever flaws one might find on most occasions in any piece of legislation, the defense of our country is a funda-mental obligation of our Federal Gov-ernment. It comes before everything else. State governments run schools and build roads and do all sorts of activi-ties at the State level. Communities do all sorts of things at the local level, but nothing is more important than the defense of our country in terms of a Federal obligation. So I never have opposed a National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, and I supported every single one of them, despite the fact that it didn’t have everything I wanted and everything I liked, until today. There is a lot of good in this legisla-tion, and it makes it difficult to be an opponent of it. For Florida, it author-izes over $200 million for military con-struction in the State—the littoral combat ship facilities at Naval Station Mayport, air traffic control towers at Whiting Field, F–35 facilities that are important at Eglin Air Force Base, KC– 135 flight simulators at MacDill Air Force Base. It authorizes the Secretary of the Air Force to build a cyber space facility at Eglin. It authorizes the conveyance of land for the Air Force Enlisted Village, which is a nonprofit corporation con-sisting of approximately 80 acres next to Eglin for independent living and apartments. It authorizes the continued develop-ment of the B–21 Bomber—work that is being done in Melbourne, FL. It fully supports the Joint Gulf Range Com-plex, a true treasure for our country, and it is the largest military range in the continental United States. As for the country, it also has all sorts of other very important things: an over 2.6-percent military pay raise. It increases the Active-Duty workforce by 15,600 personnel, bringing the total to over 1.3 million. It tries to address the pilot shortage. It authorizes $10.7 billion to buy 77 more F–35 Joint Strike Fighters, $193 million in re-search and development funding for new software and improvements to be incorporated in future years in that program. It authorizes new missile defense, in-cluding $175 million intended to inte-grate the THAAD and Patriot Systems batteries in South Korea. It authorizes $23.7 billion for Navy shipbuilding, an increase of close to $2 billion over what the President requested. To go on and on, it does many important things in rebuilding our military strength in this country, but it failed on one important front, and that is what I believe to be a very significant and serious threat to the national security and the future of this country—one that we are only be-ginning to wake up to. For the first time since the end of the Cold War, the United States is engaged in a geo-political competition with a near-peer adversary. Since 1991, there has been no other nation on Earth that can project power anywhere close to what the United States could do—until now. Unlike our country, China is a nation with an ancient history, one that leaves them with a longstanding sense of victimhood but also one that leads them to believe they have a pre-ordained destiny to, once again, be the most powerful nation on Earth. This is what they mean when they constantly use the phrase ‘‘historical deter-minants.’’ In summary, what they are saying is, they are predestined to be the world’s most powerful country, and, therefore, they believe they are predestined to surpass the United States geopolitically, economically, and militarily. This is not a new ambition, by the way. For two decades, they have fol-lowed a strategy called hiding their power and biding their time, but all of that changed last year. In October, at their party congress, their President for life Xi laid out a vi-sion for China and did it in clear, na-tionalistic terms. He said: 
Backed by the invincible force of 1.3 billion people, we have an infinitely vast stage of our era, a historical heritage of unmatched depth, and incomparable resolve . . . we have arrived at a new era, where China is now in a leading position in terms of economic and technological strength, defense capabilities, and composite national strength . . . and with a military which can fight and win. 
I will state that you see evidence of this belief in their impressive and mas-sive military buildup and quantum leaps in technological advances. You see how they are working to destroy the current world order that was built by America and our allies and now seek to replace it with one they build and one that will be led by them. That is how they offer loans—not just to get their companies more busi-ness but to give them leverage and footholds in countries, and they do so with no questions asked about democ-racy or human rights. That is what the Asian Infrastructure Bank is all about. That is the Belt and Road Initiative. You also see what they are doing to overtake us economically. Their state- led economy runs large trade deficits with everyone while at the same time prohibiting market access to China. You see it in the widespread force tech-nology transfers and the cyber theft, and it is working—5G, for example, will dominate most of the industries of the future, and they are on course to be the world standard on 5G. By 2020, China Mobile will be the only company in the world that can build a standalone 5G network. Huawei was the first company to gain approval to sell 5G stations in the European Union. They are moving hard to domi-nate pharma research and genome edit-ing and all sorts of other leading indus-tries for tomorrow. What is outrageous is how much of these advances are built, not just on ingenuity and hard work but on the theft of intellectual property from American companies, of-tentimes through research funded by American taxpayers. They do it through cyber espionage. They do it through the forced transfer of tech-nology, where they tell companies who do business in China, not only do you have to partner with a Chinese com-pany, you have to give them the se-crets to their trade. See how they are now buying up companies, buying off researchers in American universities and their research. Now, this is what they are moving to-ward—to become the most powerful country in the world. Why is that an issue, despite the fact that we seek to not be in second place to anyone? Be-cause you can see what kind of country they will be and what kind of world we will have if they become the world’s most dominant power. You see it, for example, in the con-quest of the South China Sea through the military harassment of Southeast Asian nations. You see how they cut tourism to South Korea as leverage over our missile defense deployments; how they restricted exports of rare- earth minerals to Japan as leverage over the East China Sea disputes. We saw Filipino agricultural products rot on the docks during the South China Sea fights because they wouldn’t let it come in. You see the threats to our businesses to deny them access to Chinese mar-kets even further if they dare speak in support of President Trump’s 301 inves-tigations of Chinese unfair practices. You see it in a U.S. citizen living in the United States of America—not in China, not anywhere outside our bor-ders—a U.S. citizen living in the United States of America was fired by Marriott Hotel because of a social media post that China complained about. That happened. You see it most recently by Amer-ican and United Airlines being forced to change how they describe Taiwan on their website or they would not be al-lowed to continue to fly to China. The tactics they use over and over again are not sweeping changes; it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.023 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5540 August 1, 2018 
typically slow but incremental yet more assertive demands, but over time these demands end up establishing a new normal. It is very much like the example of the frog in a boiling pot of water. If you throw the frog in the boil-ing pot of water, it jumps out right away, but if you put it in cold water and slowly boil it, it will boil to death and not even know it is boiling. That is what China is doing to the United States and to the world. There are only two things that China responds to when you confront them. The first is a committed and sustained escalation across the entire relation-ship between us and them, and the other is invoking the help of our for-eign partners. That is why I strongly believe the U.S. should have worked with the European Union, Canada, Mexico, and Japan to confront China, not to start a trade war with them as well. I am happy to see that progress is being made on negotiations with Mex-ico, and there has been a pause in the challenges of Europe. Perhaps now is an opportunity to be able to do that second part of invoking the help of our foreign partners and confronting these cheating and stealing and unfair prac-tices. What about a committed and sus-tained escalation across the entire re-lationship? I would say to you that, by and large, that has been what this ad-ministration has done, and it is having an impact. Just this morning, the New York Times reports about rare rebukes to President Xi’s leadership inside of China because these disputes are begin-ning to have an impact on their econ-omy. There is one glaring exception, and that is an ill-conceived deal to grant amnesty to a telephone and tele-communications Chinese company called ZTE. To have a committed and sustained escalation across the entire relationship means we can’t make threats and back down, and we can’t carve out one part of the relationship for a special accommodation. Sadly, that is what happened here. ZTE is a telecommunications com-pany that was caught—not once but twice—in helping North Korea and Iran to evade U.S. sanctions. As a result, the Commerce Department imposed a penalty on them that basically was an equivalent of a business death penalty. It said that you can no longer buy American microchips. Without that, you can’t function and the company was brought to its knees. I would argue that sanctions should have been im-posed on them even if they didn’t help evade sanctions because of the threat they pose to this country. If we allow these companies to embed themselves in the telecommunications infrastructure of the United States, it is a severe and significant national se-curity threat to this country and one that grows every single year moving forward. Yet, inexplicably, at some point, for some reason, a deal was struck that allowed ZTE to survive. So the argument was, well, we are going to put a really big fine on ZTE, and we are going to put people on their board to make sure they are no longer vio-lating sanctions. I will state that if this were only about sanctions relief, that penalty would be sufficient for me and should be sufficient for all. If it were Samsung, Nokia or Ericsson or some other company that had done this, I would say maybe it went too far. The problem is, those two measures will do nothing to contain the threat that ZTE poses to the United States and our national security. A fine— when they are backed by the Chinese Government, a multibillion-dollar fine is nothing. You can put all the businesspeople you want on their board. It is not the businesspeople we should be concerned about, it is the technical people in these companies, the ones who can get ZTE routers em-bedded in American telecommuni-cations, create backdoor access to our universities so they can steal our re-search, get into our communications systems so they can intercept our com-munications in military affairs and economic affairs. They can conduct cyber espionage, commercial espio-nage, and, potentially, denial of our command and control of our military one day if left unaddressed. Think about embedding these Trojan horses inside of our telecommuni-cations systems and networks in Amer-ica. Any company that poses that threat should not be allowed to oper-ate, much less remain in business, and ZTE is one such company. Even if ZTE tells the Chinese Gov-ernment we don’t want to do this, they will have no choice or they will cease to exist or their leaders will be in jail, and somebody new will replace them who will do it. This is why this is so critical and why in the bill, as passed by the Senate, we reimposed these pen-alties, and it was taken out in con-ference. The threat posed by China and by telecommunications companies are so severe and so significant that it regret-tably brings me to the point where I cannot support a bill I have always supported in my time here. We need to wake up to the threat that China poses to this country be-cause we are running out of time to do so. Madam President, may I inquire how much time is remaining? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has 16 minutes remaining. Mr. RUBIO. I yield time to the Sen-ator from Maryland. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Presi-dent, I thank the Senator from Florida, and I thank him not only for his lead-ership on the specific issue that was in the Defense authorization bill regard-ing ZTE but also for his leadership on the broader issue of protecting the United States against the grand theft of our technology by China and the risks that China poses to our national security in many areas. I want to review what happened with respect to ZTE, which is a Chinese tele-communications company. No. 1, for many years, they have been about the business of stealing tech-nology from American companies. If you look at lawsuits and patent law-suits filed over the last decade, you will see it has been grand larceny. We have a Chinese telecommunications company that has been ripping off U.S. companies in order to gain a market advantage, and they have been doing that in coordination and cooperation with the Government of China. They are stealing our technology. What are they using it for? Well, they are a big telecommunications com-pany. We heard testimony from the Di-rector of the FBI, and we heard testi-mony from the heads of U.S. intel-ligence agencies that they pose an espi-onage threat to the United States. All of them have said that it would be a great danger to our national security and the privacy of millions of Ameri-cans to let them anywhere near our telecommunications networks. First, they steal our technology. Sec-ond, they plan to use a lot of what they stole from us to spy on us. Then they went about violating U.S. sanctions on North Korea and on Iran, not just once, twice—and then they were caught again. Each time, they were warned, but they continued to flagrantly vio-late our sanctions. That is why the Secretary of Com-merce, Wilbur Ross, finally got fed up with everything they were doing, and he imposed sanctions on ZTE, includ-ing what is called the denial order say-ing that U.S. companies should not be transferring technology to ZTE, which was then using that technology to get market advantages and to potentially spy on the United States. That was the right thing to do. Secretary Ross made a decision based on the law and based on our national security interests. A few days later, this is the tweet that went out from the President. On May 13, President Trump tweeted: 
President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone com-pany, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done! 
That was the tweet. With that tweet, which caught the Secretary of Com-merce and so many others by surprise, the President reversed the key sanc-tions provision that the United States had imposed on ZTE for violating our sanctions and for other bad behavior. This Senate, on a bipartisan basis, said: Wait a minute. Secretary Ross was right. ZTE violated our sanctions. They pose an espionage threat, and, by the way, they have stolen a whole lot of U.S. technology over the years. He was right. That is why, on a bipartisan basis, we passed a provision that was included in the NDAA to reimpose those sanctions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.025 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5541 August 1, 2018 
that Secretary Ross and the Commerce Department had put on in the first place to protect our national security. Yet, as the weeks went by in the con-ference committee, despite the best ef-forts of our ranking member and many others, this got dropped. This got dropped because the White House wanted it dropped based on that earlier tweet. It got dropped because ZTE had spent $1.3 million in lobbying fees over the last couple of months. That is a lot of money. It was the high-est amount of dollars spent in that pe-riod of time for any lobbying issue be-fore this Congress, but it is a pittance for ZTE to pay to get its way and work with the administration to get the pro-vision that had passed the Senate on a bipartisan basis dropped. I cannot tell you how difficult this is at this point in time. We have a bill be-fore us that in all other respects is a really good bill—and a really good bill for our national security. I want to commend the chairman and ranking member and others who have been involved in that. But in the mid-dle of a bill that is supposed to help protect our national security, we now have a big hole because, by taking out the amendment we had to penalize ZTE, the final result creates unneces-sary exposure. It is sad to be here today. I am glad to join with my friend and colleague, the Senator from Florida, who has been a leader on this, and I think we both very much regret the fact that the Sen-ate is in this position now and that the country is in the position now. I thank the Senator for his leader-ship and yield back to him the remain-der of the time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, may I inquire how much time I have remain-ing? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are 10 minutes. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I will be brief in closing. I note that the man-ager of this needs to get through some things to get to our vote. There are three quick points I want to make. The first thing is that the Chinese have learned how to work our system and how to play us. They know, for example, that they can just go to American companies, go to Wash-ington, go to the White House, go to Congress, and tell them how bad this is for you, and you will get them to change their minds or they just hire lobbyists, as the Senator from Mary-land outlined. One company involved here was Qualcomm. They are the largest seller of chips to ZTE. They were involved in saying: Don’t do this. Obviously, they were a customer, they didn’t want to lose this customer. Qualcomm had a deal pending in China to purchase a Dutch company. I believe the under-standing was if you allow ZTE to sur-vive, not only do you get to keep this company as a customer, but you will probably help yourself get that deal in China with the Dutch company pur-chase. Guess what. On the day after it was announced that the conference com-mittee had dropped this provision, Qualcomm announced it was dropping its pursuit of that deal in China be-cause they couldn’t make headway. The Chinese Government doesn’t play. They got ZTE to stay alive, and they still blocked the deal. The second point is this issue: They are a cell phone maker, but the hand- held devices they make are the least problematic part of this. They make servers and cameras, and these are em-bedded in our telecommunications net-work. That is the way we communicate with each other on commercial secrets or, potentially, military secrets. If it is unclassified or sensitive information, all of it is potentially vulnerable to a company. They don’t even need spies anymore. We brought them into our network and continue to do so, not to mention the role they play in networks around the world, which brings me to the last point. ZTE is a big danger. They are small compared to Huawei, which is a com-pany even bigger than ZTE that poses an even greater systemic risk. If we can’t even take on ZTE because they lobby and because of American compa-nies coming here, how are we ever going to take on Huawei or any other dangers they pose to us? It is time we open our eyes. We are engaged in a geopolitical competition, not with some poor agrarian country trying to catch up but with a global su-perpower that is quickly nipping at our heels and doing so unfairly, with the intent of replacing us in the world as its most powerful country militarily, economically, geopolitically, and tech-nologically. The history of America is short in comparison to the great empires of his-tory and the great countries of history. Some 240-odd years in the scope of his-tory is but a blink of an eye. History is full of examples of nations that became complacent and lost their standing and their way of life. I am not claiming that ZTE alone will be that, but it is a part of a broad-er problem; that is, we have yet to re-alize what a significant threat China poses to this country in every realm and every sphere. Until we do, we are going to continue to be in danger of surrendering and forfeiting our way of life and our place in the world. If we do that, the world will be worse off for it. We will have no one to blame but our-selves for failing to act. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Madam President, I con-cur entirely with the comments of my colleagues about the dangers and chal-lenges presented by China in many dif-ferent dimensions. I am not going to try to defend Presi-dent Trump’s decision to overrule his administration’s penalties on ZTE for violating our sanctions, but the Presi-dent’s actions created facts on the ground. One of the principal facts was that part of that arrangement was a billion-dollar payment by the Chinese Government to the United States Treasury, creating for the conferees the issue of trying to find a billion-dol-lar offset if we reimpose this penalty. That billion-dollar offset could come only from military programs of our ju-risdiction, end strength of the mili-tary, platforms we might acquire; we found it difficult to work our way through that issue. More important, I think, is the no-tion that we did not simply drop this issue. In fact, we imposed, by legisla-tion, a government-wide prohibition on the acquisition of ZTE and Huawei products going forward. It is now the law that we prohibit the Federal Gov-ernment and government contractors from buying or using or providing grants and loans to entities buying or using telecommunications equipment and services provided by the Chinese companies, ZTE and Huawei. Huawei is not ignored here. It is legislatively a prohibition in the bill for future pur-chases. We understand, also, that there are some Chinese companies in the video surveillance equipment business that also are threats. They also have been banned going forward with respect to government acquisition or government contractor acquisitions. So we have recognized this issue, and we have done, I think, what we could do to en-sure that our national security is not compromised in the future by ZTE or Huawei equipment. With that, I suggest that we move forward and pass this legislation, which does a remarkable job of helping the men and women of our Armed Forces. I will save my further remarks for later. Mr. CRAPO. Madam President, I rise to speak about title XVII of the NDAA, which reforms the Committee on For-eign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, and export controls. The last time CFIUS underwent re-form was in 2007. Recognizing that the foreign invest-ment and national security landscape has changed significantly over the past decade, Senators C
ORNYN and F EIN-
STEIN led the charge by introducing the Foreign Investment Risk Review Mod-ernization Act, FIRRMA, last Novem-ber. They and others deserve a tremen-dous amount of credit for their critical leadership on this issue. As the Banking Committee examined this issue, it became clear that the ap-propriate outlet for addressing the na-tional security concerns highlighted by Senator C
ORNYN and others would in-volve not only CFIUS reform, but ex-port control modernization as well. With the help of Senator B
ROWN and all of my colleagues on the Banking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.027 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5542 August 1, 2018 
Committee, we were able to craft a bi-partisan product which passed out of committee in May with a unanimous 25–0 vote. I thank Senator B
ROWN and all of my colleagues on the committee for their efforts and contributions to the bill. Additionally, the bill would not have been possible without the technical ex-pertise and leadership of the team at the Department of Treasury, as well as the Commerce and Defense Depart-ments, and the other interagency stakeholders who provided input. I thank them as well. Throughout the entire process, we re-ceived strong support from the Armed Services Committee, who allowed us to include FIRRMA in this year’s NDAA and maintained the integrity of the bill in that process. For that, I thank Chairman M
CCAIN, Senators R EEDand I
NHOFE , and other members of the Armed Services Committee. Our counterparts on House Financial Services, Foreign Affairs, Energy and Commerce, and Armed Services Com-mittees were equally instrumental in developing the final bill and seeing it across the finish line in the House. I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and Ranking Member W
ATERS for their leadership on the concurrent House ef-forts and their work to improve the bill in conference. I also thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL of the House Foreign Affairs Committee for their work in repealing and replacing parts of the Export Administration Act, which was needed since the statute lapsed more than two decades ago. The final bill that appears in NDAA is the result of months of bipartisan, bicameral, and cross-government ef-forts to appropriately tailor and mod-ernize CFIUS and export control au-thorities to ensure the continued pro-tection of U.S. national security, while promoting foreign investments in the U.S. Notably, CFIUS’s jurisdiction is ex-panded to cover four new areas of in-vestments, namely certain minority, noncontrolling investments pertaining to critical technology, critical infra-structure, and exposure of sensitive personal data; changes in a foreigner’s rights regarding a US business; the purchase, lease, or concession by or to a foreign person of certain real estate in close proximity to sensitive facili-ties; and any other vehicle designed to evade CFIUS. Additionally, the bill creates a con-cept of declarations, or ‘‘light filings,’’ which may be submitted voluntarily or are required for certain transactions where a foreign government has a sub-stantial interest and may be required for transactions where critical tech-nology is involved. The bill also makes critical improve-ments to the administrative workings of CFIUS including timing of reviews, structure, funding, and examination of resource needs. In addition to modifying parts of the Export Administration Act, the bill re-quires the President to establish an interagency process to identify emerg-ing and foundational technologies that are not currently subject to export controls and authorizes the Secretary of Commerce to establish appropriate controls on such technology. To complement those new authori-ties, the bill strengthens export control enforcement authorities. The legislation that we are voting on today represents a very serious, bipar-tisan effort to ensure that our critical technologies are safeguarded, while preserving important free market prin-ciples and an open foreign investment environment. I am proud to support the final prod-uct and again thank my colleagues in the Senate, House, and various agen-cies for their hard work and efforts to advance this critical legislation. Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, tomorrow marks 1 year since President Trump signed into law the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanc-tions Act of 2017, CAATSA, which passed with overwhelming bipartisan majorities in both the House and the Senate. He did so with strenuous objec-tions to what he called an encroach-ment on the Executive’s ability to ne-gotiate, and claimed that, ‘‘As Presi-dent, I can make far better deals with foreign countries than Congress.’’ Unfortunately, despite his claims, the President has made no such deal. Russia continues its attacks on our country, with reports this week of an-other concerted effort on Facebook to influence the 2018 midterm elections. Despite this, the President has repeat-edly cast aside the facts of the Russian Government’s interference in our de-mocracy and inspires little confidence in this body that he will take seriously the duty to prevent it going forward. So I remind my colleagues today, we must take on the duty to protect our democracy from foreign interference, and we must continue to work in a bi-partisan fashion to ensure appropriate legislative guard rails are in place on the U.S. policy toward Russia, to en-sure that the Kremlin’s aggression is punished, not excused, and to build re-silience so that it will not happen again. The sanctions we enacted in CAATSA, including related to the Rus-sian defense and intelligence sectors that were the source of past attacks against us, are part of this effort. I strongly oppose language in the conference version of the Fiscal Year 2019 NDAA which expands the scope of a waiver on CAATSA section 231, which requires sanctions on significant trans-actions with Russian defense and intel-ligence sector entities. We targeted these sectors specifically because they attacked our 2016 election and imposed sanctions on them to dissuade anyone from doing business with them. The State Department argues that billions of dollars’ worth of deals have been turned off as a result of the leverage created by section 231. I fear that these new waiver provisions severely under-mine that leverage. Moreover, CAATSA includes a very important provision, the Russia Re-view Act codified in section 216, which requires the President to submit a re-port to the Congress before taking any action to terminate or waive sanctions or issuing a license that significantly alters the U.S. Russia policy. Section 216 imposes a reasonable and necessary limitation on President Trump’s abil-ity to precipitously lift sanctions or otherwise alter U.S. policy toward Rus-sia without input from the Congress. This NDAA says that the Russia Re-view Act no longer applies to defense and intelligence sector sanctions. Without the Russia Review Act, Con-gress loses its voice and ability to en-sure that section 231 has teeth. It is our ongoing responsibility to hold the executive branch to account in fully implementing the laws we pass, including all of the mandatory provi-sions in CAATSA and its provision ena-bling us to review the President’s deci-sions to lift or waive sanctions. This is all the more important given President Trump’s inclination to act as a supplicant toward Vladimir Putin and his regime, even as that regime has and continues to attack our country. I strongly oppose the language in the Fiscal Year 2019 NDAA that weakens CAATSA and will oppose any effort in the future toward that end. I will con-tinue to work through other legislative vehicles to continue to go after Rus-sia’s most egregious offenders and con-tinue to hold the administration ac-countable for protecting Americans and American interests. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, yes-terday I had an opportunity to go through and thank all of the appro-priate people. This is arguably the most significant bill that we will have this year—as we have had every year. This is the 58th consecutive year we had a Defense au-thorization bill. This is dedicated and named after Senator M
CCAIN. It is the John S. McCain National Defense Au-thorization Act. We are very proud of the input we had from his staff and from him, and we went through it in record time. I certainly thank my counterpart, Senator R
EED. He and I have worked very closely together for many years. I yield back the remainder of my time. Mr. REED. Madam President, I also yield back the remainder of my time and urge passage of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on adoption of the conference report. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.051 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5543 August 1, 2018 
from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL). The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 87, nays 10, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 181 Leg.] YEAS—87 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—10 
Durbin Gillibrand Harris Lee Markey Merkley Rubio Sanders Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Flake McCain Paul 
The conference report was agreed to. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority whip. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, earlier this summer I was privileged to be at the White House when President Trump announced his nominee to suc-ceed Justice Anthony Kennedy, whose retirement from the U.S. Supreme Court became effective just a couple of days ago. Judge Kavanaugh’s nomina-tion continues the streak that we Re-publicans in the Senate have been on for the last 18 months under the Trump administration. We have set new records. Specifically, we set a record last year for the most circuit court judges con-firmed in a President’s first year, and we set a new record this year with the recent confirmation of President Trump’s 23rd circuit judge, Texan Andy Oldham, who will serve on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, and that was 2 weeks ago. Keep in mind that we have already set the record with the most judges confirmed in the President’s first 2 years, and we still have 5 months to go. That is unprecedented. That is huge. It speaks volumes about the seriousness with which this administration takes its responsibility to fill vacancies on the Federal judiciary and the effi-ciency with which this Chamber is car-rying out its duty to provide advice and consent. Yesterday, we voted on another out-standing nominee, Britt Grant, for the Eleventh Circuit. To date, the Senate has confirmed 45 Federal judges under President Trump, including Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, and that includes 24 circuit court or inter-mediate level judges. But some people don’t like to focus on that record of accomplishment so much. They like to dwell on Judge Kavanaugh, the nominee to succeed Anthony Kennedy, exclusively instead. I understand why the Supreme Court vacancy is a very big deal, but it doesn’t give license to engage in hysterical attacks. We have seen Judge Kavanaugh called almost every name in the book. We have heard that his confirmation would result in the destruction of the Constitution and that the nominee is your worst nightmare and one who wants to pave the path to tyranny. Well, I just think those sorts of at-tacks—and hysterical attacks—under-mine the very credibility of the speak-er, because anybody who knows any-thing about Judge Kavanaugh knows that none of that is true. We are not going to be distracted from carrying out the confirmation process in the normal established way through the Judiciary Committee first, led by Chairman GRASSLEY , and, then, once we get to the floor, with a debate and vote to confirm the judge, hopefully, well in advance of the next term of the Supreme Court, which begins the first Monday in October. We know, for example, that Chair-man G
RASSLEY has already sent a re-quest to the Bush Library to recover many of the records that pertain to the nominee’s service when he worked at the White House Counsel’s Office. This was a unilateral request, unfortu-nately, because our Democratic col-leagues refused to join us, even after two weeks of negotiations and trying to find a way both sides could agree. This is, unfortunately, another sign of obstruction, which is basically all that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle who are opposing this nomination have left. Many of the Democrats on the other side have made clear that they really aren’t interested in the nominee’s qualifications. As I mentioned pre-viously, five of them came out against the nominee before he was even named, in other words, taking the position that the person nominated by Presi-dent Trump would not be able to earn their support. Fifteen more, after the nominee was named, came out in oppo-sition. So 20 Democrats have already announced their opposition to the nominee without even taking a few mo-ments even to meet with the judge or getting to learn a little more about his record. Unfortunately, the role that so many of our friends across the aisle want the judiciary to play is that they are really interested in judges who basically will be results-oriented. In other words, rather than be impartial umpires and call balls and strikes regardless of who is at bat, what they want is somebody who will put the thumb on the scales of justice and reach a preordained result. But that is not the way judges are supposed to serve under our form of government. Judges don’t run for elec-tion. They have lifetime tenure. So they are not politically accountable for their decisions at the ballot box like those of us in the political branches of government are. So some of the rhetoric, as I said ear-lier, is just over the top. One of our col-leagues even said that you would be complicit and evil if you supported this nomination. Well, we need to be aware of the dou-ble standard that applies. There is a stark contrast between Judge Kavanaugh and the confirmation proc-ess of Justice Kagan. This time around, our Democratic colleagues requested every single scrap of paper that made its way across the nominee’s desk, even when he did not contribute to the pol-icy or content of those documents. At the time when Justice Kagan was nominated, about 173,000 pages of docu-ments were produced from the time that she worked in the White House Counsel’s Office and on the Domestic Policy Council. She and Judge Kavanaugh share in common the fact that they worked in the White House Counsel’s Office. But the difference between Judge Kavanaugh and Justice Kagan is that Justice Kagan didn’t have any public judicial record at all. Just compare that to Judge Kavanaugh’s 12 years of serving on the District of Columbia Court of Appeals. He has more than 300 written opinions for Members to review and ascertain what kind of judge he would be if confirmed to the Supreme Court. I am surprised that our Democratic friends are asking for so many docu-ments that are clearly immaterial, be-cause during the nominee’s 2006 con-firmation hearing for the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, our colleagues did not ask for any documents, which they are now demanding, and specifically, those that came across his desk when he served in the important function of White House Staff Secretary. This is, perhaps, a little understood office, but basically it is an administrative posi-tion, where Judge Kavanaugh, at the time, as Staff Secretary at the White 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.016 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5544 August 1, 2018 
House, was responsible for making sure that the documents presented to the President for review had been properly vetted and were in good form. That is the responsibility—not to provide input in terms of the policy or the con-tent of those documents. So he really was more or less a traffic cop for the paper flow across the President’s desk. As such, those documents would have no bearing whatsoever on the judge’s qualifications or experience and are unnecessary to produce for this con-firmation process. Just as with Justice Kagan’s con-firmation, there was a bipartisan un-derstanding in 2006, during Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation, that cer-tain documents are unnecessary and should be off limits. In 2006, Judge Kavanaugh responded to the standard questionnaire for appellate nominees. Our Democratic colleagues didn’t com-plain about that at the time. In fact, at Judge Kavanaugh’s hearing in 2006, Senator F
EINSTEIN , the ranking mem-ber on the Judiciary Committee, noted that ‘‘without a record either as a trial lawyer or as a judge, it’s very difficult for some of us to know what kind of judge you would be and whether you can move away from the partisanship and into that arena of objectivity and fairness.’’ But now our friend from California has 12 years of judicial serv-ice and more than 300 opinions she and others—all of us—can review to answer the very questions she said she needed to answer. So my question is, why are our col-leagues across the aisle suddenly claiming they need every email, every memo, and every Post-it note that went across the nominee’s desk? Well, we know the reason is because they cannot attack Judge Kavanaugh’s judi-cial record of objectivity and fairness on the DC Circuit. Instead, they are trying to dig through other people’s emails and documents and conduct a government-sponsored, taxpayer-fund-ed fishing expedition through the records of the entire Bush White House. I call this the great paper chase. You have heard us warn that the Democrats’ demands for every docu-ment from Judge Kavanaugh’s time in the White House is nothing more than a stall tactic. Several media reports over the last few days have now con-firmed that this is, in fact, their exact strategy. Here is a statement from the San Francisco Chronicle: ‘‘Feinstein, other Senate Dems have plan on Brett Kavanaugh nomination: Stall.’’ Their broader, coordinated strategy is to delay and stall, not actually vet, the nominee. So for most of them, it really won’t matter that Judge Kavanaugh will have more documents produced before his confirmation than any other nominee in American his-tory; it won’t matter that some docu-ments have already been released—for example, from his tenure working for the independent counsel; it won’t mat-ter that the process is fully trans-parent and thorough because they have already made up their minds. To be clear, overwhelmingly, our Democratic colleagues are simply not interested in vetting Judge Kavanaugh because they have already made up their minds to vote against the nomi-nation. I hope the three or four or five Democrats who are still open-minded to confirmation of the judge will en-courage their other colleagues to change their approach and to make sure they do what we are required to do under the Constitution once the Presi-dent has made a nomination like this, and that is to provide advice and con-sent, not just obstruction and delay and resistance. Many of the excuses they are now giving, particularly with regard to doc-uments, are merely smokescreens for their true goal, which, as we see here in the San Francisco Chronicle, is sim-ply to stall, stall, stall. They have telegraphed this strategy in the press, and they have made it clear that it is their only shot at blocking this main-stream nominee, because the truth is that Judge Kavanaugh is imminently qualified and well respected by all who know him. I believe it is our responsibility to continue to vet the nominee and to continue to encourage Members to meet with him and to continue their review of his record—particularly in the last 12 years on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals—because I am con-vinced that if they do that, they will be willing to support the nominee, if they have an open mind and if they haven’t already engaged in the political cal-culation to oppose the nominee no matter what the reason may be. I look forward to confirming the judge early this fall. Chairman G
RASS -
LEYhas said he hopes to have a hearing on the nomination and then a vote on the Senate floor in advance of the Oc-tober term of the Supreme Court. I look forward to helping him keep that schedule and confirming this good man and fine judge to the Supreme Court of the United States. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
ORKER ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise to discuss the fiscal year 2019 National Defense Authorization Act. I am very pleased that we were able to pass the conference report with a bi-partisan vote of 87 to 10. I think it rep-resents the quality of the work that was done by my colleagues Senator I
NHOFE ; Congressman T HORNBERRY , the chairman of the House committee; and also Ranking Member SMITH. I thank them for their thoughtfulness and co-operation throughout the conference. The passage in the Senate follows the passage last week by a vote of 359 to 54 in the House of Representatives—an-other strong bipartisan endorsement of the legislation on behalf of the men and women in uniform and the national security of the United States. Also, at this point, I would like to take a moment to recognize Senator J
OHNMCCAIN. He has been an extraor-dinary leader throughout my tenure in the Senate, someone who has been committed to the welfare of the men and women of the military, someone who has spent his life in service to the Nation with courage, with valor, and with exceptional self-sacrifice for all of us. I am sure he is very proud today that this legislation, which bears his name, has passed and become law. Sen-ator M
CCAINhas also done something that some people would think impos-sible; that is, to have a West Point graduate admit that, in many cases, he is indispensable to the national secu-rity of the United States. I say that with great affection and great sin-cerity. Let me highlight several areas that I think are important in this legislation. The bill includes important personnel funding and policy provisions, includ-ing a 2.6-percent, across-the-board pay raise for our men and women in uni-form. It fully funds the military serv-ices’ end-strength requests for fiscal year 2019. We are going to bring our troops—particularly, the Army—to the desired strength of our military lead-ers. It provides $50 million in impact aid for heavily impacted local school districts all across the country. This is critical of the quality of life for the families who serve us, as well as their servicemembers. There are a number of provisions up-dating the Officer Personnel Manage-ment System to enhance recruitment, promotion, and retention of highly skilled officers. With respect to the Army, the bill fully funds a number of critical Army programs, to include the Abrams battle tanks, as well as Apache and Blackhawk helicopters. The bill also makes targeted investments to im-prove the range and lethality of Army artillery systems, and it supports the fielding of active protection systems on our combat vehicles in order to bet-ter protect our soldiers. With respect to the Navy, the con-ference agreement provides additional funds for vessels for the Navy, includ-ing two more littoral combat ships, three more ship-to-shore connectors, and a cable repair ship. The agreement also provides additional money to help second- and third-tier contractors ramp up production to support our Co-lumbia- and Virginia-class submarine acquisition programs. With regard to the Air Force, the bill provides for additional funding to sup-port the light attack aircraft, or the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.030 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5545 August 1, 2018 
OA-X. The agreement also ensures the Air Force will maintain the current ca-pability of the JSTARS aircraft fleet while they develop new capabilities to replace, and perhaps even improve, the current ground support capability of the JSTARS fleet. This bill represents what has been the hallmark of Secretary Mattis’s strategic vision. It reflects the stra-tegic shift toward prioritization of the strategic competition between Russia and China. It supports the President’s budget request for resources to deter and, if necessary, defend against ag-gression from near-peer competitors. This includes $6.3 billion for the Euro-pean Deterrence Initiative as a con-tinuing demonstration of our commit-ment to the security of our European allies and the deterrence of Russian ex-pansionism. It also requires a 5-year plan from the Department for the Asia- Pacific Stability Initiative on the nec-essary resources and activities that counter China’s destabilizing behavior in the region. The bill also includes a provision calling on the administration to ur-gently complete a comprehensive strategy to counter Russian malign in-fluence below the level of direct mili-tary conflict. Russia attacked the heart of our democracy in 2016, and our intelligence experts warn of even more sophisticated Russian attacks tar-geting this year’s midterm elections. Yet the administration has failed to bring together our military and non-military tools of national power to counter this Russian aggression, de-spite a requirement in last year’s NDAA to submit to Congress a whole- of-government strategy to counter Russian malign influence. This bill ex-presses the sense of the Congress that the administration should complete a counter-Russian influence strategy without delay. The conference report also includes a provision that authorizes the President to employ Department of Defense cyber forces to take actions to disrupt the operations of Russian actors attempt-ing to penetrate our election systems and campaign organizations and to plant false and divisive information on social media sites. As I mentioned, the Secretary’s na-tional defense policy, which the Presi-dent endorses, focuses on the shift to the near-peer adversaries of Russia and China. Our legislation reflects that, but we cannot forget the threat from ISIS and extremist organizations. It persists. This bill continues critical programs aimed at countering these groups. Of note, it extends the Iraqi and Syrian train-and-equip programs at the requested funding levels, while requiring appropriate information with respect to the partner forces to be trained and the expected level of en-gagement with U.S. forces. This is a prudent approach that recognizes the continued threat from ISIS while en-suring appropriate oversight of these authorities in a dynamic environment. I am also pleased the bill includes provisions designed to incorporate les-sons learned from the campaign against ISIS that could be more effec-tively used to account for and respond to allegations of civilian casualties going forward. The bill fully funds the request for U.S. Special Operations Command and includes important provisions to en-hance the ability of the Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Special Oper-ations and Low-Intensity Conflict to act as the ‘‘service secretary-like’’ ci-vilian responsible for the oversight and advocacy of the Special Operations forces that do so much for us. As we discussed before the vote, the bill also focuses on the issue of the ZTE-Huawei issue that came before this Congress. The conference agree-ment includes a provision that pro-hibits the Federal Government and government contractors—this is gov-ernmentwide—from buying or using or providing grants and loans to entities buying or using telecommunications equipment and services provided by Chinese companies ZTE and Huawei due to our serious concerns that these companies represent security risks and have violated U.S. sanctions and export control laws. The provision also bans the use of video surveillance equipment from sev-eral Chinese companies due to concerns about security risks and infringement of intellectual property rights. The conferees recognize the burden this ban will place on some telecommunications providers, particularly in rural areas, and included direction that govern-ment agencies shall prioritize available funding to enable these providers to re-place the equipment they have pro-cured from Chinese companies. I am also particularly pleased the conference agreement includes a Sen-ate floor amendment that I authored to ensure that as we proceed to develop new or modified nuclear weapons, the Congress is in a position to provide rig-orous oversight to any such request. Given the powerful nature of these weapons, it is essential we maintain our oversight capability on this subject matter. The conference report also contains important oversight language to en-sure our Nation can produce the pluto-nium pits the Department of Defense requires. Los Alamos is our Nation’s center of excellence in research and manufacturing of plutonium, and we need to maintain our focus on this lab-oratory in order to ensure the Depart-ment of Defense meets their stockpile requirements with respect to pit pro-duction. The conference report contains a number of important provisions related to Turkey. I want to acknowledge the valuable leadership of Senators S
HA-
HEEN and T ILLIS in this regard. Turkey is an important NATO ally, and the U.S.-Turkey defense cooperation is multifaceted and deep. However, Tur-key’s announcement of its intent to buy the Russian S–400 air defense sys-tem threatens the integrity of the NATO alliance and would have a sig-nificant negative impact on defense co-operation between the United States and Turkey. In addition, the Turkish Govern-ment’s unlawful detention of Pastor Brunson and other wrongfully held Americans has raised serious questions and concerns about its commitment to the shared values of the NATO alliance and the rule of law. The NDAA con-ference report calls for their imme-diate release and requires the Sec-retary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to report to Congress on the status of the U.S.-Tur-key relationship, including the impact of Turkey’s potential purchase of the S–400 system on the bilateral relation-ship. The report must also assess, should Turkey proceed with the S–400 pur-chase, what the impact would be of a significant change in Turkey’s partici-pation in the F–35 aircraft program, in-cluding reduction or elimination of Turkey’s participation. The assessment must include the steps required to mitigate the negative impact of such a change on the United States and other international partners in the F–35 pro-gram. The provision also prohibits the Department of Defense from delivering any F–35 aircraft to Turkey until the required report is submitted to the ap-propriate congressional committees. One issue in this year’s NDAA con-ference negotiations related to Russia sanctions is the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, or CAATSA. CAATSA was an excellent piece of legislation, and the Presiding Officer knows very well because he was the chief author and architect of this bill. I want to take a moment to explain exactly what the conference report does with respect to CAATSA and how the Defense Department intends to use the limited waiver for secondary sanc-tions provided in this year’s NDAA. As I said, I strongly support CAATSA. It was a remarkable piece of work, passing this Senate by 98 to 2. Again, it is a tribute to the leadership not only of the Presiding Officer but Senator MENENDEZ of New Jersey and all of our colleagues on the Senate For-eign Relations Committee. Its sanctions are powerful tools for holding Russia accountable for its in-terference in our elections and its ag-gression in Ukraine and elsewhere. As I said, the Senate passed it overwhelm-ingly, 98 to 2. We have found that the Trump administration has been resist-ing fully implementing the tough sanc-tions against Russia that are found in CAATSA, and I urge those sanctions be vigorously enforced. During Senate consideration of the fiscal year 2019 defense budget request, Defense Secretary Mattis raised a con-cern about one aspect of CAATSA, re-lating to the secondary sanctions in section 231 on countries or entities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.033 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5546 August 1, 2018 
that do business with the Russian in-telligence or defense sectors. These mandatory sanctions restrict U.S. arms sales and certain financial deal-ings with countries or entities that en-gage in a significant transaction to purchase major Russian weapons sys-tems. As Secretary Mattis testified, these secondary sanctions can, however, have the unintended consequence of pun-ishing certain strategic partners that have legacy Russian weapons systems but are looking to transition away from Russia and toward increased pur-chases of U.S. major defense equip-ment. Because these countries may buy Russian systems to maintain current capabilities, section 231 sanctions would block U.S. arms sales to them, effectively pushing these countries closer to Russia and making them more dependent on Russian weapons systems. This is the opposite effect of what CAATSA is intended to achieve and undermines our efforts to isolate Russia globally. To address these concerns, Secretary Mattis requested a straight national security waiver to section 231 manda-tory sanctions. While CAATSA, as en-acted, does include a broad national se-curity waiver, the waiver is subject to CAATSA’s expedited review proce-dures, which provides Congress be-tween 30 and 60 days to review the waiver request. If Congress objects, Congress can try to pass a joint resolu-tion of disapproval under the expedited procedures. If Congress fails to enact a resolution of disapproval within the re-view period, then the waiver takes ef-fect. The administration contended that CAATSA’s national security waiver, subject to the expedited review proce-dures, was unworkable. They claimed that because the mandatory sanctions that would kick in while Congress re-viewed the waiver request for up to 60 days or more—this would cause signifi-cant harm to our defense partnerships with these countries and drive them away from purchasing major U.S. de-fense equipment. In response, the House bill included authority for the President to waive section 231’s mandatory sanctions on countries or entities buying major Rus-sian defense equipment if the President makes certain certifications, primarily that the purchaser is reducing its reli-ance on the Russian defense sector. The House bill was a very wide-open waiver. The only representation of cer-tification the President would make is that the Nation was attempting to move away from Russian influence and Russian supplies. We worked very closely with House colleagues. The Senate version of the NDAA did not have any language with CAATSA, but we had to respond to the House because it was a legitimate issue in conference. Indeed, one of the rea-sons we avoided any sort of discussion with respect to CAATSA in the Senate was the feeling that there might be a negative impact on the ongoing bilat-eral relationship with Turkey to per-suade the Turkish Government to re-verse its decision to buy the Russian S– 400 air defense system. Turkey’s pur-chase of the S–400 would almost trigger mandatory sanctions under section 231 and put our defense cooperation with Turkey at risk, including on the F–35 aircraft. The final conference outcome, after discussions back and forth, in a very serious and very thoughtful way, was a very narrow waiver for section 231 sanctions only and reflects a number of important changes to the House provi-sion that raised the bar for the Presi-dent even to be able to invoke this waiver. First, the conference outcome pre-serves all existing CAATSA sanctions currently in effect against Russia, in-cluding sanctions for Russia’s election interference and aggression against Ukraine. Second, the waiver is not available for any transactions with entities in the Russian defense and intelligence sectors that were directly involved in Russian cyber intrusions, including the Russian military intelligence, or GRU. This preserves the purpose of section 231 sanctions, which is to impose costs on the Russian defense and intelligence sectors for cyber intrusions. Third, the waiver is limited in order to keep the pressure on Turkey to re-verse its decision to purchase the Rus-sian S–400 air defense system. The waiver is not available for any deals to purchase Russian weapons systems that would harm the integrity of NATO or other alliances in which the United States participates or that would ad-versely affect ongoing U.S. or coalition operations or that would harm U.S. de-fense cooperation with the country in-volved or that would significantly in-crease the risk of compromising U.S. defense systems or operational capa-bilities, including through the diver-sion of sensitive U.S. defense tech-nology. These restrictions are intended to let the Government of Turkey know that the waiver is not a get-of-jail-free card for section 231’s mandatory sanctions if Turkey goes ahead and purchases the S–400. Fourth, the conference outcome al-lows for continued defense cooperation with countries transitioning away from Russia. Secondary sanctions may be waived only if the country is reducing its dependence on Russian major weap-ons systems or is cooperating with the United States on security matters crit-ical to our strategic interests. This restriction should be narrowly understood to mean that the country involved is cooperating with the United States in the strategic competition with Russia or China, consistent with the administration’s national defense strategy authored by Secretary Mattis. As set in the national defense strategy, the central challenge to U.S. security today is the ‘‘re-emergence of long- term strategic competition’’ by revi-sionist powers—specifically Russia and China. Fifth, the conference outcome pro-vides for congressional review under a 30-day notice-and-wait period as an al-ternative to expedited congressional review procedures provided under CAATSA. Congress would still have 30 days to review the President’s certifi-cations with regard to any sanctionable activity and to weigh in with its concerns. Sixth, the conference outcome also enhances congressional oversight of CAATSA’s secondary sanctions by add-ing a report. This report will provide an important baseline for measuring the extent to which countries are re-ducing their reliance on Russia and re-quires updated information for the next 5 years on which countries are re-ducing their transactions with the Rus-sian defense sector. Some of my colleagues have ex-pressed concern that the conference re-port’s waiver for section 231 sanctions is delinked from CAATSA’s expedited review procedures. They are concerned that Congress may be giving up its ability to conduct oversight on admin-istrative attempts to invoke waivers. First, let me try to clear up one thing. The authority under CAATSA, as enacted, for a broad national secu-rity waiver—subject to an expedited congressional review process—remains unchanged under the conference report and continues to apply to the vast ma-jority of sanctions against Russia under CAATSA. More importantly, we should keep in mind how the Department of Defense intends to use the limited waiver to section 231 provided in the NDAA. As Secretary Mattis wrote to Chairman M
CCAINon July 24, the Department seeks a ‘‘limited exception’’ that would ‘‘allow the United States to sell mili-tary equipment and enable countries pulling away from the Russian orbit.’’ Secretary Mattis further noted that U.S. arms sales are subject to congres-sional notification in advance. In other words, Secretary Mattis is seeking to avoid the disruption to U.S. arms sales to key strategic partners that would result under section 231 sanctions and to prevent the negative impact such sanctions would have on our strategic relationships with these countries as they transition away from Russia. Even with the limited exception pro-vided under this bill, Congress will still have significant oversight of any U.S. arms sales to countries being exempted from section 231 sanctions. Any sale of U.S. major defense equipment to these transitioning countries—like India, for example—will continue to be subject to congressional review under the well-es-tablished requirements of the Arms Ex-port Control Act. That means that Congress typically will have at least 30 days, and often more, to review and approve any for-eign military sale for major defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.034 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5547 August 1, 2018 
equipment to a country that has re-ceived the waiver to secondary sanc-tions under section 231. Large arms sales are likely to be subject to the FMS review process, but significant di-rect commercial sales must also be no-tified to the Foreign Relations Com-mittee 30 days in advance of the export license being issued. The result is that Congress has the ability to conduct oversight of these transactions. Furthermore, under the Arms Export Control Act, Congress has procedures for pursuing a resolution of disapproval prohibiting or modifying the proposed arms sales. Congress’s oversight of any major U.S. arms sales that might flow from a waiver of secondary sanctions under section 231 provides us an addi-tional ability to revise and supervise the administration’s implementation of this waiver authority. There are specific cases that one could talk about in terms of countries that we are actually trying to engage, such as India, Indonesia, and other countries, but I think what we have tried to do is to structure a very dis-crete and, in the terms the Secretary of Defense has used, very stringent conditions to the exercise of the sanc-tions. Let me conclude by again thanking Senator I
NHOFE , Chairman T HORN -
BERRY , Ranking Member S MITH, and all of the conferees for their bipartisan-ship throughout the process. This proc-ess has been collegial, and this is an ex-ample of a strong piece of legislation that addresses concerns of Members on both sides of the aisle. I would also like to thank the staff of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the House Armed Services Com-mittee for all of their hard work on drafting a thoughtful and comprehen-sive bill. Their diligent work is a trib-ute to us all. I would be remiss if I didn’t single out these extraordinary individuals. I thank Senator M
CCAIN’s staff director, Chris Brose, who did a superb job; Sen-ator I
NHOFE ’s staff director, Luke Hol-land, Tony McLain; on my staff, Jody Bennett, Jon Clark, Gary Leeling, Creighton Greene, Jonathan Epstein, Ozge Guzelsu, Jon Green, Kirk McCon-nell, John Quirk, Arun Seraphin, Caro-lyn Chuhta, Maggie McNamara, Mike Noblet, Jorie Feldman, Bill Monahan, and my staff director, Elizabeth King. I also want to thank Jen Stewart and Paul Arcangeli. They are the staff di-rectors for Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH, respectfully. They did a superb job. With their work and with the inspira-tion of Senator M
CCAIN, we were able to pass an extraordinary and I think very effective piece of legislation. I yield the floor and suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator withhold? Mr. REED. I will be happy to. APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES— H.R. 2 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Chair appoints the following as conferees on the part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses with respect to H.R. 2. The Presiding Officer appointed Mr. ROBERTS , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. E RNST , Ms. S TA-
BENOW , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. H
EITKAMP conferees on the part of the Senate. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FARM BILL Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I would like to talk for a few minutes about our farm bill. As you know, our farm bill is the primary agricultural and food policy tool of the United States. We pass it every 5 years. We just passed it this year. The bill is going to conference. As you know, the Senate passed its own farm bill and the House passed its farm bill, so we will go to conference and try to work it out. The bill was a 5-year bill, but it spends $860 billion in taxpayer money. Let me say that figure again—$860 bil-lion in taxpayer money. We throw a billion around these days in Washington as if it were a nickel. A billion is a lot. If I started counting to a billion right now and counted one nu-meral a second, I would finish in 2050. I probably wouldn’t finish; I would probably die first. That is how much a billion is. This bill is about $860 billion. Seventy-five percent of it deals with our food stamp program. In the House version of the farm bill, there is a work requirement for food stamps, and this is what it says: The American taxpayer will happily give you his or her hard-earned money to help you get back on your feet. We don’t want you to be hungry. But if you are between the ages of 18 and 59, the House bill says, and you are not disabled and you don’t have a child under 6, then in return for those food stamps, we are going to require you to get a job. You don’t have to work a full week; you just have to work 20 hours a week. And if you don’t want to work, you can go to job training for 20 hours a week. That is what the House bill says. The Senate bill is silent on that—crickets. It doesn’t even address it. I am speaking today to try to encour-age our friends in the House to stand firm and insist that their work require-ment for food stamps remain in the bill. I would like to spend a few min-utes to explain why. I get a little tired of politicians and others saying: Oh, the American peo-ple—they are stingy. They don’t help their neighbor. That is not true. The American peo-ple are the most generous people in the world. They are the most generous peo-ple in the history of the world. Think about it. First, we spend about $1 tril-lion a year—$1 trillion a year—in State and local programs that are funded by people’s money. The money to fund those programs didn’t fall from Heav-en. We thank Heaven for it, but it came out of people’s pockets, and we spend $1 trillion a year—State and local tax money—helping our neighbors who are less fortunate than we are. In our country—and I am very proud of this—if you are homeless, we will house you; if you are too poor to be sick, we will pay for your doctor; and if you are hungry, we will feed you. That separates this country from just about every other country in the world, and it is one of the reasons that so many people across the world want to come to America—because our people are so generous. I mean, when is the last time you heard of somebody trying to sneak into Russia? When is the last time you heard of somebody trying to sneak into North Korea? When is the last time you heard of somebody trying to sneak into China? I mean, we should be com-plimented, and it is because of our giv-ing spirit. But it doesn’t do any good, in my judgment, to be generous with people who need our help without also helping them get out of the cir-cumstances for which we need to be generous. Let me put it another way. By sug-gesting we need a work requirement for food stamps, I am not trying to take away food stamps from people in need. I do not want to take away food stamps from people in need, but I do want fewer people to need food stamps. The best way we can do that for those who are able to work is to help them get a job. The Brookings Institution, as the Presiding Officer knows, is hardly a bastion of liberalism. They recently did a study. The Brookings Institute said: If you do these four things, you have only a 2-percent chance of living in poverty in America. This is Brook-ings, now. The Brookings Institution says that if you do these four things you have only a 2-percent chance of living in poverty: No. 1, get a job—any job—even if it is minimum wage; No. 2, don’t get married until you are 21; No. 3, don’t have a child before you get married. I said four, but I will say that, even if you do these three things—get any job, don’t get married before you are 21, and don’t have a child before you get married—you only have a 2-percent chance in this country of living in pov-erty. Obviously, a job is a critical part of that. This is what the House bill does. I hope we in the Senate will join with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.035 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5548 August 1, 2018 
our colleagues in the House and keep this provision in the bill. If you are be-tween the ages of 18 and 59, you are not disabled, and you don’t have a child under 6, then we will gladly give you food stamps, but in return we are going to ask you to work 20 hours a week, and we will help you get a job. If you look at the numbers, right now we have about 21 million people on food stamps who are able-bodied. Let me tell you how I define that universe. There are 21 million people, 18 to 64 years old. So the numbers are slightly different from the House. They are not disabled. Those 21 million able-bodied Americans receive about $34 billion a year in food stamps. Of those 21 million able-bodied Amer-icans who do not work and who are not disabled, 40 percent of them don’t have children, 63 percent of them are White, and 50 percent of them are under 35. The House bill is even more generous, if you will. It is just 18 to 59, no child under 6, and you can’t be disabled. In return for the food stamps, we would ask you to get a job. I want to repeat what I started with. The purpose of this bill is not just my idea. The House provision is not meant to punish anybody. I don’t want to take food stamps away from people who are in need, but I want fewer peo-ple who need food stamps. If people don’t need food stamps, that will free it up for other people who need food stamps, and it might free up a nickel or two for other things like kids, roads, and cops. The Senate, in its wisdom, decided not to put in a work requirement. Some of my colleagues say: We already have a work requirement for food stamps. No, we don’t. No, we don’t. It is optional for the Governors. Guess what my Governor did. He im-plemented a food stamp work require-ment without work. I mean, it looks beautiful on paper. Except, when you actually read the thing, it is a work re-quirement without work. The House bill is different. It is get-ting serious about this problem. I hope our conferees will open their minds and open their hearts and open their ears and listen to our House col-leagues, and I hope our House col-leagues will stand firm. Thank you, Mr. President. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. What is the parliamen-tary situation? Are we in morning business? The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are in morning business. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I do have a few comments I will make. Mr. President, I have had the privi-lege of serving in the U.S. Senate for 44 years. For 20 of those 44 years, I was ei-ther the chairman or the ranking mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee. Dur-ing those 44 years, I have seen 19 nomi-nations to the Supreme Court. I voted for most of the nominees—for both Re-publican and Democratic Presidents. The first one was John Paul Stevens, who was nominated by President Ford. I voted on every current member of our Nation’s highest Court. When I was in Vermont over the weekend I was thinking of these nomi-nations, and I believe that I have never seen so much at stake with a single seat as with the current nomination of Judge Kavanaugh. There is one thing we can all agree upon, Republicans and Democrats alike, that like many Supreme Court nominees before him, Judge Kavanaugh has impressive academic credentials and judicial experience. But unlike most of his predecessors, Judge Kavanaugh also had a lengthy, par-tisan career. Prior to his time on the bench, Judge Kavanaugh was a political operative engaged in some of the most divisive fights in our Nation’s recent history— including Kenneth Starr’s investiga-tion of President Clinton, Bush v. Gore, and five contentious years as a senior official in President George W. Bush’s administration. It is no surprise, then, that Judge Kavanaugh has quite a paper trail— over one million pages. His lengthy, controversial record was something that the White House was well aware of when the President selected him. But the President selected him, nonethe-less. Under the advice and consent clause of the Constitution, the burden falls now to the Judiciary Committee to review his record. It should be self- evident that records relating to an es-pecially significant period of a Su-preme Court nominee’s career should be among those most closely examined by the Senate. Indeed, the methodical review of a federal court nominee’s full record is not optional. It is the most funda-mental part of the Senate’s constitu-tional obligation to provide advice and consent. In fact, we saw just a few weeks ago that such vetting led to the withdrawal of a circuit court nominee with a record of very offensive college writings. This process must be even more ex-haustive for a nomination to our Na-tion’s highest Court. One only need look to the Senate’s consideration of Justice Elena Kagan. Like Judge Kavanaugh, she served in the White House prior to her nomina-tion. I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee at the time. I worked with the ranking member at the time, Sen-ator Jeff Sessions. We requested the full universe of her documents from the Clinton Presidential Library. We worked together. We wanted to ensure the request was expedited. We wanted the collection to be complete. Crucially, President Obama made no claims of executive privilege. In fact, less than one percent of the documents were withheld on personal privacy grounds. To this day, those emails are posted online for anyone to see. Then, I also supported then-Senator Sessions’ request for documents related to military recruitment at Harvard. Military recruitment at Harvard is not the sort of thing one thinks of for a Su-preme Court nominee, but Justice Kagan, a brilliant lawyer, had been dean of the law school. Well, that request was beyond the scope of our committee’s usual prac-tice, but I agreed with the Republicans that the records could potentially be of public interest, and therefore they ought to be subject to public scrutiny. Transparency weighed in favor of dis-closure, but, then, transparency almost always does. For Justice Sotomayor, when I was chair, I joined then-Ranking Member Jeff Sessions to request decades-old records from Justice Sotomayor’s time working with a civil rights organiza-tion in the 1980s. Remember, she was a sitting judge on an appellate court, and we had her record, which is what some of the Republicans are saying is all we should look at with Judge Kavanaugh. They wanted the documents during the time she had worked with a civil rights organization decades before. We did have 3,000 opinions that she had writ-ten over the 17 years she served as an appellate and district court Federal judge. Every Republican wanted those records, and those of us who were in the majority, the Democrats, said: Fine, the public should know what they are. We agreed. What a change, what a change—they wanted to have the records from Jus-tice Kagan and Justice Sotomayor, and they had to come up with those records, but he doesn’t have to. This is what the American people deserve to see from Judge Kavanaugh. Every doc-ument of public interest should be made public with no artificial restric-tions and no abuse of executive privi-lege. The American people deserve the un-varnished truth of this man, just as Senate Republicans rightly demanded of the two highly qualified women that President Obama nominated. We want-ed the records from them, and we want the records from him, but, unfortu-nately, the Judiciary Committee is not on track to uphold its bipartisan stand-ard of transparency. Two weeks ago, my Republican friends expressed a will-ingness to request White House docu-ments that Judge Kavanaugh authored or contributed to as Staff Secretary of President Bush. We thought it was very similar to requests made of Jus-tice Sotomayor and Justice Kagan. But then they had a private meeting with White House Counsel last week. Now, suddenly, we can’t do that. Sud-denly, the White House, a different branch of government, is telling the independent Senate Judiciary Com-mittee what they have to do, and sud-denly all of Judge Kavanaugh’s Staff Secretary records were off-limits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.039 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5549 August 1, 2018 
Then last Friday, in a stark depar-ture from committee precedent, Chair-man G
RASSLEY , who is a friend of mine, shocked me when he sent a partisan re-quest that omitted any and all records from Judge Kavanaugh’s three conten-tious years as Staff Secretary. This was a particularly extraordinary ad-mission, given that Judge Kavanaugh himself singled out his three years as Staff Secretary as ‘‘among the most in-structive’’ for him as a judge, when he provided advice ‘‘on any issue that may cross the [president’s] desk.’’ During this time, Judge Kavanaugh said he helped to ‘‘put together legislation,’’ and he ‘‘worked on drafting and revis-ing executive orders.’’ Karl Rove described Judge Kavanaugh as playing a major role in reviewing and improving practically every policy document that made it to the President. Judge Kavanaugh said this experience gave him a ‘‘keen per-spective on our system of separated power.’’ Yet, Senate Republicans don’t want to see any of it. Not even those memos and other documents that Judge Kavanaugh himself authored and edit-ed. Just as I worked to provide these same documents when the Republicans requested them in a Democratic ad-ministration, I do not believe the Sen-ate can fulfill its constitutional duty to provide advice and informed consent to a nominee for our Nation’s highest Court without vetting three years’ of such critical records. That is why, yesterday, I joined Ranking Member F
EINSTEIN and the other Judiciary Democrats to send our own records request to the Bush Presi-dential Library. The request mirrors— not surprisingly—almost word for word the request I sent with then-Senator Jeff Sessions for Justice Kagan. We simply cannot have a lower standard of transparency for Trump nominees than for past nominees of both Republican and Democratic Presi-dents. The fact that the Judiciary Committee is willing to move forward without Judge Kavanaugh’s full record is especially alarming because the last time Judge Kavanaugh testified before the Senate under oath, he appeared to provide a misleading account of his work at the Bush White House. In his 2006 confirmation hearing, I and other senators asked about his knowledge of several Bush-era scan-dals, including warrantless wire-tapping, torture, and detainee treat-ment. Judge Kavanaugh testified he had no knowledge of such issues until he read about it in the paper. He testi-fied in response to a question from Sen-ator D
URBIN that he ‘‘was not involved in the questions about the rules gov-erning detention of combatants.’’ Again, this was under oath. After his confirmation, press reports indicated that he had participated in a heated discussion in the White House over the legality of detainee policies. Judge Kavanaugh discussed whether the Supreme Court would uphold the Bush administration’s decision to deny lawyers to certain enemy combatants. Judge Kavanaugh advised that his former boss, Justice Kennedy, would likely reject the argument that the White House was putting forth. I try to look at this conversation every way I can. I was a trial lawyer. I took depositions. I argued cases. I am trying to reconcile it with Judge Kavanaugh’s sworn testimony under oath, but it is impossible. It makes it all the more critical that we review his complete White House record to find out what he really did. The only records I have seen from Judge Kavanaugh’s time as Staff Sec-retary are a handful of emails pre-viously released through an unrelated FOIA request. One happens to show very clearly that Judge Kavanaugh was looped in, notwithstanding his state-ment, on the Bush White House’s ef-forts to message the infamous torture memos. From the 1 million records that exist on Judge Kavanaugh, we have but one drop in the bucket, but in that one drop, they are discussing tor-ture. It is something he said that he had read about only in the papers. Yet this email shows he worked on these issues while in the White House. I am afraid that my Republican friends clearly do not want records from Judge Kavanaugh’s three years as staff secretary to be public, but the fact that records may be controversial doesn’t mean they should be hidden from the public view. Indeed, just the opposite principle applies. Just as we gave all of the records on President Obama’s nominations, we should do this. The American people must not be in the dark about controversial aspects of a nominee’s record. Certain principles are more important than party. Trans-parency is one of them. We have learned this lesson before. Wearing blinders when considering a former administration official for a lifetime judgeship presents grave risks. When President Bush nominated Jus-tice Department lawyer Jay Bybee to the Ninth Circuit in 2003, I and other Senators asked about his involvement in the legal issues surrounding the war on terror. He didn’t answer our ques-tions. But a year after he was sworn in for a lifetime position on the Federal court, the American people learned that Judge Bybee gave the legal green light for the official use of torture, something that most people now agree is one of the darkest chapters in our nation’s history. Had we known that at the time, Judge Bybee would still be known as Mr. Bybee. He never would have been confirmed. A majority of Re-publicans and Democrats would have voted against him. Judge Kavanaugh was directly in-volved in some of the most politically charged moments of our recent history. The Senate owes the American people an unsparing examination of his nomi-nation—a nomination that could shape their lives for a generation. It is my hope that Senate Repub-licans and Chairman GRASSLEY will re-consider their partial records request for Judge Kavanaugh and join the Democrats’ request for all of his records. I agreed when they demanded that for Justices Kagan and Sotomayor. Well, if that is the standard we fol-lowed for both of those tremendous ju-rists—Justice Sonia Sotomayor and Justice Elena Kagan—shouldn’t we de-mand the same of Judge Brett Kavanaugh? He is no different than they are on the issue of what he has had to say. We ought to find out what it is. Then make up your mind; vote for him or vote against him. I am pretty sure that had we gotten the right an-swers on then-Mr. Bybee, he never would have become Judge Bybee. I don’t believe that many Senators of either party will stand up here and say that it is great that we broke the law on torture for dubious reasons. I see the Senator from Missouri. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. I thank my friend, the Senator from Vermont. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, today the Senate overwhelmingly supported the conference report for the 2019 John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. That bill is now on the way to the President’s desk. Many Americans have bravely fought to uphold the values that our country holds dear. There are many people in the Senate who have been stalwart sup-porters of the military during their time here, but the legislation we passed today is named for one of those Senators, our colleague from Arizona, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, J
OHNMCCAIN. Senator M
CCAINnot only has given much of his life in military service, but he has given tirelessly in service to the country in so many ways, including service here. He has been an incredibly effective advocate for the men and women who serve in uniform and de-fend us. There is no Member of the Senate for whom my admiration and appreciation has increased more during the time I have had the opportunity to serve with him. As a House Member, I knew Sen-ator M
CCAIN, but I knew him only in the kind of passing that occurs when the House and Senate are trying to work out an issue or deal with a spe-cific problem. I didn’t really get to know J
OHNMCCAINuntil I came to the Senate. That daily contact with him made a real difference in the way I felt about him. His courage, his sometimes seem-ingly short fuse, but always his desire to do the right thing as he saw the right thing have continued to make him an important advocate here. Even 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.040 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5550 August 1, 2018 
in recent days, when he couldn’t attend the Senate, he was the first to let his views be known. Certainly, Senator M
CCAIN and I didn’t agree on everything. We still don’t agree on everything. We don’t make any particular pretense that we agree on everything. There has been more than one occasion when he ex-pressed to me his absolute dismay that I voted the way I voted on a certain issue, but that is when I began to think that maybe we really had a relation-ship I could treasure—and I do treasure it. I am pleased that we named this bill after our friend Senator M
CCAIN. One of the principal responsibilities we have is to defend the country. It is the one job the Federal Government does that almost no American will argue that somebody else could do better, ei-ther personally or at a different level of government. It is the No. 1 priority, I think, of the Federal Government. This bill addresses that priority. In our State, we have Whiteman Air Force Base, Fort Leonard Wood, Rose-crans Air National Guard Base, where people from all over the world come to train on how to use the C–130s. We have the AVCRAD facility, a National Guard facility in Springfield, MI, that repairs helicopters for the armed serv-ices and saves a lot of money doing that. We are the home of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency’s west-ern headquarters, and we are proud to be. Missourians serve in uniform and are proud to serve. Missourians serve in many ways, including all of those orga-nizations I just mentioned, and they are proud to do that. The people who serve in the military and the people who serve in the intel-ligence branch of our government are increasingly challenged. I think the missions we have around the world, the challenges we have around the world, the national security threats we have around the world—as the Presiding Of-ficer knows from his job as Foreign Af-fairs chairman—are as complex and complicated and multifaceted as they have ever been. Some have said that there are more threats from more di-rections in more ways than at any other time. I think this bill begins to recognize that—tries to recognize that—and un-derstands that to remain successful, America has to have a military that creates a military advantage. It has to be able to counter the potential that our adversaries have. We have to be able to defend international order and protect ourselves and those who rely on us in their defense of freedom. To that end, Secretary Mattis and the senior leaders throughout the De-partment of Justice put together the plan and the thought that really is the backbone for how this legislation has been crafted. This National Defense Authorization Act authorizes the nec-essary investments and establishes the policies to carry out our national de-fense strategy. First and foremost, President Trump and his administration have prioritized rebuilding the military. This bill, with a total of $716 billion in authorization, provides the resources, the equipment, and the training necessary to do so. For 2 years in a row, we authorized a substantial increase in defense spend-ing. We will have a chance, when we get back in a week or so, to bring the defense appropriating bill to the floor, which hopefully will be the second year in a row that our defense spending has matched the plan that has been author-ized. The National Defense Authorization Act provides our servicemembers with a pay raise of 2.6 percent, the biggest pay raise in 10 years. Our troops and their families make a tremendous sac-rifice to serve. They move often on a minute’s notice, but in the last year’s legislation, we gave more flexibility to families on that topic. Still, when you are in the military, you know you are not likely to be wherever you are for very long. That increase in pay is something we should be pleased about as a country. This bill authorizes critical multiyear procurement authority. Why does that matter? That doesn’t sound very exciting—multiyear procurement authority—but it allows people in the military to plan not only what they are getting this year but how that gives them the ability to build on that next year. We have been using the Super Hor-nets, for instance, which are made in St. Louis, MO, at a high volume with desert warfare. The desert is harder on our equipment than other places might be. There is a serious shortfall of fight-er aircraft in the Navy. All of those things are taken into consideration as this bill moves forward. It is a bill that recognizes the importance of readiness issues. We had more people die in training accidents last year—by a substantial number—than were killed in combat. That means we hadn’t been providing the kind of training or the kind of equipment needed because we had budgets that didn’t allow for that. These budgets that we voted on in the last few months, hopefully, will get us back to where we are going to close that readiness gap. We are going to be able to say to those who serve and to their families that we are providing the best equipment, the best training, and an adequate amount of time to fly a helicopter or fly an airplane to try to see what you would do in adverse con-ditions, which, frankly, we just have not been able to do. This takes into account actions to really address specific threats from countries that have actively worked to undermine our economic interests and our national security interests. According to the national defense strategy, China is using what it refers to as an ‘‘all-of-nation long-term strat-egy’’—all of the resources of the nation of China, according to that blueprint, in a long-term strategy of leveraging military modernization, influencing operations, and predatory economic ef-forts in order to coerce neighboring countries to reorder the structure of the Indo-Pacific region to its advan-tage. It is not to our advantage or to the world’s advantage for China to re-structure that part of the world to its advantage. It also classifies China as a strategic competitor that seeks to shape the world toward its authori-tarian model through destabilizing ac-tivities that threaten the security of the United States and its allies. To counter China and reassure our allies and partners, this bill takes ac-tion to prohibit telecom companies with links to the Chinese Communist Party’s intelligence apparatus from doing business with the U.S. Govern-ment. Many of us on the Intelligence Committee think we could have gone a step further than that, but at least we are now prohibiting those organiza-tions from being government contrac-tors. We need to continue to be vigilant so as to be sure that their presence in our other systems doesn’t also jeop-ardize us. This bill, the National Defense Au-thorization Act, contains moderniza-tion language for the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States in its effort to look at what na-tional security issue may be at risk when a foreign company is able to buy a company or the technology of an American company. The national defense strategy, in ad-dition to China, also says that Russia seeks to ‘‘shatter the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and change Euro-pean and Middle East security and eco-nomic structures to its favor,’’ which is also not to our advantage or to the ad-vantage of those in the world who would be affected by it. Russia has violated key arms control treaties. It has expanded and modern-ized its nuclear arsenal—sometimes outside agreements that have been made. It has tested counterspace weap-ons. It has used emerging technologies to undermine our election process. It has infiltrated the way that we com-municate with each other on social media. It has confronted the elections of our NATO allies and others. I think this bill shows not only a firm commitment to NATO but a firm commitment to article 5, which means that any NATO country, when at-tacked, will have the other NATO countries come to its help and aid. Additionally, this bill authorizes im-portant resources and policies to counter North Korea, Iran, ISIS, al- Qaida, Syria, and others that we should be concerned about as they oppress the people of their countries and try to ex-pand their oppressive governments to other places. This bill recognizes the critical im-portance of our allies and our partners around the globe so that we can be willing to stand together and to ad-vance shared values and goals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.042 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5551 August 1, 2018 
The men and women who serve us in uniform, the men and women who serve us in the intelligence agencies, and the civilian employees who come every day to be part of a defense and intelligence structure work hard for America. This bill shows that we appreciate that work. In the Senate today, the over-whelming vote on this bill verifies that, and the President’s signature soon to follow will set a blueprint that will allow us to do the No. 1 job of the Federal Government—to defend the United States of America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Min-nesota. Ms. SMITH. I thank my colleague from Missouri. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, I rise to talk about my strong opposition to Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court. I want to spe-cifically focus on what his confirma-tion could mean for the future of vot-ing rights in this country. The right to vote is our most sacred responsibility as citizens of this great Nation. Martin Luther King, Jr., called voting ‘‘the foundation stone for polit-ical action.’’ That is because when the right to vote is restricted, it under-mines the very foundation of our de-mocracy. If certain groups are barred or discouraged from voting, then our elected representatives cannot be held accountable for protecting the rights and interests of all of us. When you cast your vote, you decide who should be entrusted to protect all of your rights—your right to make pri-vate decisions about how and when to start a family, your right to organize and advocate for fair pay and safe working conditions, your right to af-fordable healthcare, and your right to breathe clean air and drink clean water. Yet, if Judge Kavanaugh is con-firmed to the Supreme Court, there is no doubt he will help his friends in far- right special interest groups continue their coordinated campaign to make it harder for millions of Americans to vote. These are the very same groups who recommended his nomination to the President. These special interest groups have helped to pass State laws that have been designed to create obstacles at every step of the voting process, like making it more difficult to register to vote, to cast your vote, and to have your vote counted equally. These groups also know that they can count on Judge Kavanaugh to uphold these discriminatory laws. As a judge on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge Kavanaugh has a record of supporting laws that perpetuate vot-ing discrimination, particularly against communities of color. In 2012, he wrote an opinion for a three-judge panel that upheld South Carolina’s stringent voter ID law even though the Department of Justice had determined that the law would violate the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Unfortunately, discriminatory voting laws, like the one Judge Kavanaugh upheld, have a long and shameful his-tory in this country. When this coun-try was founded, generally only prop-erty-owning White men had the right to vote. It took 80 years to expand the franchise to all male citizens regard-less of their race or color. It took an-other 50 years to grant women the right to vote and another 4 years after that to grant that right to all Native Americans. Yet the expansion of the legal right to vote did not always translate into access at the polls. It took us over a century to pass the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965, which outlawed discriminatory poll taxes, literacy tests, and other voter intimidation tac-tics. This landmark civil rights legisla-tion finally put real teeth in the prom-ise of the 15th Amendment—that no one should be denied the right to vote on account of one’s race or the color of one’s skin. Unfortunately, in 2013, the Supreme Court gutted one of the most impor-tant protections of the Voting Rights Act in Shelby County v. Holder. Since then, far-right special interests at the State level have doubled down on their efforts to make it harder for people to vote by eliminating same-day and on-line voter registration, by limiting early voting, by enacting voter ID laws, and by purging infrequent voters from the registration rolls. These lat-est efforts make it harder rather than easier for people to vote. They show us there is still so much work to be done to fulfill the promise of the 14th and 15th Amendments—that every citizen can vote. We deserve a Justice who is com-mitted to making our democracy more representative so that we remain a government for the people and not just for some of the people. We need a Su-preme Court Justice who appreciates the history of this hard-won funda-mental right and who will not reverse course on centuries of progress. Judge Kavanaugh’s opinions show that he will uphold State laws that make it harder for communities of color and people of low-income to make their voices heard. Our voting laws reflect our beliefs about who should have a voice in this country. I am proud to represent Min-nesota, the State with the highest voter turnout in the Nation, and I be-lieve that our next Supreme Court Jus-tice should vigorously defend the right of all eligible citizens to exercise their most fundamental constitutional right—the right to vote. Unfortu-nately, Judge Kavanaugh’s record dem-onstrates he will not be that Justice. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing his nomination, and I urge the American people to make their voices heard. I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to discuss the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh, as some of my colleagues have been doing today. President Trump has chosen a su-perbly qualified nominee to the Su-preme Court—and believe me, I know what is good and what isn’t good. Judge Kavanaugh is one of the most widely respected judges in the country. He has authored 300 opinions during his 12 years on the bench in the DC Circuit Court of Appeals—the second highest court in the country. The Supreme Court has adopted the positions in his opinions a dozen times. He has written multiple dissents that have carried the day in the Supreme Court. He has au-thored articles in the Harvard Law Re-view, the Yale Law Journal, and the Georgetown Law Journal. He has also taught courses at Harvard, Yale, and Georgetown. None other than Elena Kagan, in fact, hired him to teach at Harvard. I would like to take some time today to focus on a subject on which Judge Kavanaugh has really made his mark as a jurist. I want to talk about sub-stance. I want to talk about what Judge Kavanaugh has written in his opinions and how he has been a true in-tellectual leader on the court. I hope my colleagues on both sides listen to this because we haven’t had a nominee like him in a long time. So much of the discussion about Judge Kavanaugh, so far, has been sub-stance-free. Democrats have hurled ac-cusation after accusation that has been divorced from reality. They say those who support Judge Kavanaugh are complicit and evil. They say his nomi-nation threatens the destruction of the Constitution. They say people will die if he is confirmed. Lost in all of this is any actual discussion of Judge Kavanaugh’s written opinions, of the way he approaches cases. When Judge Kavanaugh met with me last month, he said he hoped my col-leagues would read his opinions. That is how they can learn what kind of a judge he is. That is how they can learn how he thinks. That is how they can learn why he is so respected by Demo-crats and Republicans alike who are on the circuit courts of appeals and who hold other judgeships. Regrettably, my Democratic col-leagues have been too busy one-upping each other’s apocalyptic rhetoric to take a look at what Judge Kavanaugh has actually written, so I would like to take some time to do that today. I would like to focus in particular on the subject on which Judge Kavanaugh has arguably had his greatest influence as a judge—the separation of powers. The separation of powers is a core component of our Constitution. It is, in fact, the first and the most important way the Constitution protects our lib-erty. Justice Scalia was fond of saying that ‘‘the genius of the American con-stitutional system is the dispersal of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.044 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5552 August 1, 2018 
power.’’ By separating authority among competing branches of govern-ment and then further dividing it be-tween the Federal Government and the States, the Constitution makes it ex-tremely difficult—indeed, nearly im-possible—for any one individual or fac-tion to consolidate enough power to truly threaten liberty. The side effect, of course, is a degree of inefficiency be-cause you must get so many people with so many divergent interests to agree in order to enact lasting changes. Policymaking can be a messy, slow process, but that was the point. By cre-ating multiple power centers, the Founders ensured that no one person or group could exercise too much power. Sometimes we forget that the pur-pose of the separation of powers is to protect liberty. We get frustrated with the slow pace of legislation, and so we want to give more power to the execu-tive branch because the President can act more quickly than a large, multi-member body like Congress. Yet we do not want to give the executive branch too much power because the President might not always be of our same party. So we create these weird hybrids called agencies that, like Congress, create rules for people to follow but that, like the President, are able to act quickly when necessary. Also, like the Presi-dent, these agencies decide when and how to enforce the law. They decide when to bring suit or when to levy pen-alties for violations of agency rules. They exercise significant power over our lives, and they don’t fit neatly within the constitutional design be-cause they partake of all three branches of government. Judge Kavanaugh sits on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, often called the second highest court in the land. The DC Circuit enjoys this es-teemed position because it hears many of the cases that involve these agencies that I have just described. Federal agencies have significant power over many aspects of our lives, and the DC Circuit has authority to re-view the actions of nearly every Fed-eral agency—important parties, impor-tant court. Judge Kavanaugh’s central contribu-tion to separation of powers jurispru-dence has been his commitment to up-holding the structure of our constitu-tional design against misguided efforts to insulate agencies from political ac-countability. I described earlier how agencies are these weird hybrids. Like Congress, they make laws in the form of regula-tions. Like the President, they enforce those laws. Like the judiciary, they ad-judicate disputes that arise under those laws, the very same laws they wrote in the first place. It is a recipe for abuse if not kept under control. That is why Judge Kavanaugh has been so careful to scrutinize agency design and agency decision making to ensure that officials have the necessary ac-countability. Accountability is what keeps these agencies in check, given that the traditional separation of pow-ers, which is what keeps our three branches of government in check, does not apply. In only his second term on the DC Circuit, Judge Kavanaugh authored a masterful dissent in Free Enterprise Fund v. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board was a newfangled agency that Congress cre-ated in 2002 in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Board has broad authority to regu-late audits of public companies and oversees the registration and inspec-tion of audit firms. It also sets audit standards and brings enforcement ac-tions against violators. It is, in short, a very important agency. The problem with the Board was that Congress had chosen to completely in-sulate it from political accountability. Board members are not chosen by the President. They are chosen by the Se-curities and Exchange Commission, which is, in turn, chosen by the Presi-dent. Board members cannot be re-moved by the President. They can be removed only by the SEC, which, in turn, can be removed by the President. The rub was that Congress had placed strict limits on the SEC’s ability to re-move Board members and strict limits on the President’s ability to remove SEC Commissioners. The Securities and Exchange Commission could re-move a Board member only for ‘‘good cause shown,’’ and the President could remove an SEC Commissioner only for ‘‘inefficiency, neglect of duty, or mal-feasance in office.’’ So not only could the President not remove a Board member who was doing a bad job, but he also could not remove an SEC Com-missioner for refusing to remove a Board member who was doing a bad job unless he could somehow show that the SEC Commissioner’s failure to remove the Board member was a neglect of duty. As Judge Kavanaugh explained: 
The President’s power to remove is critical to the President’s power to control the Exec-utive Branch and perform his Article II re-sponsibilities. Yet under this statute, the President is two levels of [removal limita-tions] away from Board members. . . . This structure effectively eliminates any Presi-dential power to control the [Board], not-withstanding that the Board performs nu-merous regulatory and law-enforcement functions at the core of executive power. 
Judge Kavanaugh’s logic was ines-capable: The President cannot do his job if he cannot control his subordi-nates, and he cannot control his subor-dinates if he cannot remove them from office. The structure of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board made it immune from Presidential con-trol and, thus, immune from political accountability. Here, you had an agen-cy exercising executive power with no oversight from the Chief Executive himself. This is contrary to the separa-tion of powers, which vests executive authority in the President precisely be-cause the President is a politically ac-countable actor. As Justice Jackson memorably taught, the power to enforce the law is among the most awesome of powers granted to government. By cutting off the exercise of executive power from Presidential oversight, the Board’s structure violated the Constitution. Although Judge Kavanaugh’s posi-tion was the minority view among his DC Circuit colleagues, his position ul-timately prevailed at the Supreme Court. It was a significant victory for a young judge and a sign of things to come. Over the next decade, Judge Kavanaugh continued to uphold the separation of powers in a range of cases that called on him to interpret the scope of agency authority. He brought a discerning eye to these cases, always careful to ensure that agencies did not act beyond the powers Congress had granted them. In Loving v. Internal Revenue Serv-ice, for example, he rejected an effort by the IRS to stretch the words of a statute authorizing the IRS to regulate the practice of ‘‘representatives of per-sons before the Department of the Treasury’’ to include the authority to regulate tax preparers. Similarly, in White Stallion Energy Center v. EPA, Judge Kavanaugh con-cluded that the EPA contravened the Clean Air Act when it refused to con-sider costs in setting air quality regu-lations. This was yet another case in which Judge Kavanaugh’s position ulti-mately prevailed at the Supreme Court itself. Of course, Judge Kavanaugh’s search-ing review doesn’t mean that agencies always lose. In American Trucking As-sociation v. EPA, for instance, he upheld the EPA decision to authorize a State emissions rule over a vigorous dissent because he concluded the Agen-cy had met the statutory requirements in rendering its decision. The key is that Judge Kavanaugh re-views agency action carefully to ensure that it conforms to Congress’s com-mands. This is an essential aspect of the separation of powers. Congress de-termines the limits of agency author-ity. Congress sets the rules for when agencies may and may not act and for what they may and may not do. That is the very essence of legislative power— the power to set the rules that others must follow. When agencies transgress the bounds Congress has laid down, they exercise power that no one has granted them, power that Congress alone can give. Judge Kavanaugh returned to the theme of agency accountability and the separation of powers in another powerful dissent earlier this year. The case is PHH Corporation v. CFPB, and it is another tour de force for Judge Kavanaugh. At issue in the case is the structure of the Consumer Financial Protection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.046 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5553 August 1, 2018 
Bureau, or CFPB. The CFPB is an in-credibly powerful agency with vast au-thority over American life. Its jurisdic-tion includes banks, credit unions, se-curities firms, payday lenders, mort-gage servicers, and an array of other fi-nancial services companies. When Congress created the CFPB in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, it placed strict limits on the President’s ability to remove the agency’s head. Specifi-cally, Congress provided that the Presi-dent may remove the CFPB Director only for ‘‘inefficiency, neglect of duty, or malfeasance.’’ You may recall that language from my discussion of the Free Enterprise Fund case. It is the same restriction that Congress placed on the President’s ability to remove SEC Commissioners, but there is a significant difference be-tween the SEC and the CFPB. The SEC is a multimember body. It cannot act without the agreement of a majority of Commissioners. The CFPB, by contrast, is a unitary body. It has a single Director. The only person the CFPB Director has to agree with is himself. Coupled with the fact that the CFPB is an incredibly powerful agency whose funding isn’t even directly con-trolled by Congress, this raises serious separation of powers concerns. An agency head who can do virtually whatever he wants without fear of Presidential reprimand, and who can do it on his own without having to get the consent of fellow Commissioners, is accountable to no one. The President cannot check him. His colleagues can-not check him. In a very real sense, he is a law unto himself. Judge Kavanaugh’s dissent confronts this problem head-on in its very open-ing lines: 
This is a case about executive power and individual liberty. To prevent tyranny and protect individual liberty, the Framers of the Constitution separated the legislative, executive, and judicial powers of the new na-tional government. To further safeguard lib-erty, the Framers insisted upon account-ability for the exercise of executive power. The Framers lodged full responsibility for the executive power in a President of the United States who is elected by and account-able to the people. 
Judge Kavanaugh then eloquently ex-plains how the CFPB’s structure and limits on Presidential oversight vio-lates these core principles. He said: 
The Director of the CFPB wields enormous power over American businesses, American consumers, and the overall U.S. economy. . . . The Director alone may decide what rules to issue. The Director alone may decide how to enforce, when to enforce, and against whom to enforce the law. The Director alone may decide whether an individual or entity has violated the law. The Director alone may decide what sanctions and penalties to im-pose on violators of the law. Because the CFPB is an independent agency headed by a single Director and not by a multi-member commission, the Director of the CFPB pos-sesses more unilateral authority—that is, authority to take action on one’s own, sub-ject to no check—than any single commis-sioner or board member in any other inde-pendent agency in the U.S. Government. 
And then Judge Kavanaugh drops the hammer. He said: [O]ther than the President, the Director enjoys more unilateral authority than any other official in any of the three branches of the U.S. Government. That combination— power that is massive in scope, concentrated in a single person, and unaccountable to the President—triggers the important constitu-tional question at issue in this case. 
Judge Kavanaugh eloquently ex-plains how the CFPB’s structure, cou-pled with the agency’s complete lack of accountability, poses a threat to indi-vidual liberty. The CFPB wields enor-mous power and yet is accountable to no one—not the President, not the Con-gress, not the American people. The central purpose of the separation of powers is to prevent any one indi-vidual group from wielding too much power. It does this by dispersing au-thority and by playing the branches off of each other. But the CFPB’s struc-ture does not disperse power. It con-solidates power, and it does so in a sin-gle individual who has no superior. This is a textbook violation of the sep-aration of powers and one that I fully expect the Supreme Court to correct if it hears this particular case. I have spoken at length today about Judge Kavanaugh’s writing and juris-prudence. I focused on actual cases that he has decided and on his impor-tant contributions to constitutional law. In short, I have done what Judge Kavanaugh asked me to do. I have re-viewed his opinions and considered his analyses. I have done what all of my colleagues should be doing. We should be reading what Judge Kavanaugh has actually written. We should be looking at his judicial philosophy and how he decides cases. Judge Kavanaugh is an outstanding choice for the Supreme Court. His opin-ions are cogent, his writing eloquent, and his reasoning ironclad. He under-stands that the purpose of the Con-stitution is to preserve liberty and that the Constitution does so both through the substantive guarantees in the Bill of Rights and reconstruction amend-ments, and through the structural pro-tections in articles I, II, and III of the Constitution. Congress may from time to time ex-periment with new ways of delegating authority or structuring agencies, but it cannot do so in ways that violate our Constitution’s separation of powers. In-dividuals who exercise Executive power must be accountable to the President. Agency officials cannot be fully insu-lated from Presidential oversight. A person who has power to regulate broad swaths of our Nation’s economy must have some checks on his or her author-ity. This is a requirement for our sys-tem of government. It is a requirement of our Constitution, and it is essential to the preservation of liberty. Judge Kavanaugh understands this. He understands the Constitution. He understands the proper role of a judge. He is one of the most brilliant and most distinguished legal thinkers in our country today. I am proud to sup-port his nomination to the U.S. Su-preme Court, and I urge all of my col-leagues to support him as well. We have to get away from the poli-tics of the Supreme Court. When we have someone who has the qualities, the ability, the reputation, and the his-toricity of doing what is right on the bench, we should give that person an opportunity to serve. Judge Kavanaugh deserves an oppor-tunity to serve. He has more than ade-quately proved that he deserves it. We are going to be lucky to have him on the U.S. Supreme Court. I am not sure that he is always going to rule the way I want him to rule, ei-ther, but nobody does, and from time to time, we may be disappointed. But the fact is that I know one thing: He is going to apply the best of legal knowl-edge to the opinions that he writes, and he will be a force on the Court who will get along with the other Justices by showing mutual respect for them and receiving mutual respect back from them. Judge Kavanaugh is the type of guy who really will make a tremendous dif-ference for our country. He deserves this appointment. We need to sustain him and support him, and we need to get the politics out of this nomination. We are lucky that he is willing to serve. I believe that almost everyone in this body will henceforth, once he is confirmed, come to the conclusion that we are really lucky to have him as a Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
f 
PENSIONS AND THE CFPB Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I will start by thanking Senator H
ATCH . He and I are cochairs of the Pensions Com-mittee. We had a commitment, and we had a good meeting in his office last week. We had a good discussion and hearing in our joint committee; we have four Republicans and four Demo-crats from each House solving what looks to some to be an intractable pen-sion problem. But if you are one of 16,000 Ohio Teamsters, mine workers, iron work-ers, carpenters, bakers, and others, it is your life because you put—what this town doesn’t always understand on col-lective bargaining is you give up money today at the bargaining table so you will have a pension later in life; you will have economic security. In part because of Wall Street she-nanigans and other things, these pen-sions are in jeopardy. They could face up to 60 percent in pension cuts. We also know that a whole lot of busi-nesses, at least 210 in my State alone, could face layoffs or, worse, bank-ruptcy. Many of them are family- owned transportation and manufac-turing and construction companies. They could face very, very dire eco-nomic times if Congress doesn’t fix that, let alone what is going to happen to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration. I thank Senator H
ATCH for that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.048 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5554 August 1, 2018 
Mr. President, I am a little curious, though, when I hear him and others talk about the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau as if it is this awful, out-of-control Federal agency. What bothers my colleagues about the CFPB is that it is the only agency in govern-ment that is willing to stand up against the Wall Street interests. We see the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and we know how close he is to Wall Street—the Comptroller. We see the FDIC and we see the Federal Reserve and we see these nominees who come out of a White House that looks like it is a retreat for Wall Street ex-ecutives, and they are on one side pro-tecting Wall Street and doing Wall Street’s bidding. We have one agency, just one agency, which my conservative, pro-Wall Street, pro-corporate colleagues com-plain about every day, every week, every month—an agency that has saved 29 million American consumers $12 mil-lion. How do you think—and they want to rein in that agency, saying the agen-cy just has too much power over peo-ple’s lives. It is actually protecting— my friend, the Senator from Massachu-setts, who is also in the hall, talks about their being a cop on the beat. They are protecting consumers while Wall Street is doing whatever Wall Street does to them. I will just leave it at that. 
f 
A FREE PRESS Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, a free, independent press is vital to our de-mocracy. It is enshrined in our Con-stitution. We need tenacious, dedicated journalists, who will afflict the com-fortable and comfort the afflicted, to ask tough questions, to challenge spe-cial interests, to connect Americans with their communities. That is why I joined my colleagues this week on a resolution condemning this adminis-tration’s awful, vicious, demagogic at-tacks on reporters—including the deci-sion last week to bar a reporter from attending a White House event just be-cause the White House didn’t like the questions she asked—with the repeated labeling of the free press as ‘‘enemies of the people.’’ Watch the video from last night. Watch the video in Florida from last night where the President egged on, egged on, and egged on his supporters to start screaming at newspaper re-porters and other reporters—people who are doing their jobs. In spite of this President using Sta-linist language—I am just reading a book right now written by a Stalinist translator, and this book talks about a lot of the language Stalin used. He called people ‘‘enemies of the people.’’ That is Communist talk. That is Sta-linist talk. Yet this President calls re-porters who get up every day and do their jobs—most of them not paid very well, frankly—the enemy of the people. They do vital work not just in Wash-ington but throughout the country. I would like to take a moment to highlight one of them. I am going to come to this floor every so often in the weeks and months ahead, and I am going to talk about a local reporter—a reporter who gets up every day, who probably doesn’t make more than $20,000 or $30,000 a year. In many cases it is a little more than that, but re-porters are generally not particularly well-paid people. I want to talk about the important work that local Ohio journalists do. Some of them I have met; others I haven’t met but I have observed, because I know how impor-tant they are to their communities. I will start doing this on a regular basis because in this town today, with this administration, with this President of the United States—I still can’t believe a President of the United States en-gages in talk like Stalin—the Soviet Stalin—calling American citizens who get up every day and do their job and do their job to the best of their ability ‘‘enemies of the people,’’ and he tries to get the crowds he speaks to, the peo-ple he addresses, to chime in and call them ‘‘enemies of the people’’ and start calling those reporters names. I want this floor message that I am going to do from time to time to be a constant reminder of how reporters contribute to their communities. Last week, the Daily Jeffersonian in eastern Ohio ran a story on the upcom-ing Firemen’s Festival in Caldwell, OH, a town in Appalachia, reported by a local reporter named Austin Erickson. It is the local fire department’s biggest fundraiser of the year. They rely on the proceeds in part because of the corrup-tion in State government where State government doesn’t fund local commu-nities like they used to for a whole bunch of reasons, but this fire depart-ment relies on the proceeds of the Fire-man’s Festival to fund daily mainte-nance, testing, and safety gear of their firefighters. Mr. Erickson talked to the festival’s chairman, who pointed to the fire de-partment and told the reporter: ‘‘If it’s in those four walls, it’s from that fes-tival.’’ In other words, if it weren’t for this festival, we wouldn’t have the fire equipment we need. Through its work, the Daily Jeffer-sonian and local reporters like Mr. Erickson are informing their commu-nities about ways to support local fire-fighters and responders who keep them safe. If people like Mr. Erickson of the Daily Jeffersonian in Cambridge, OH, were not writing these stories, were not reporting on the Fireman’s Fes-tival, not as many people would go or understand it. They spend their hard- earned money there. It helps their local communities. It helps their fire department. Enemies of the People? If the Presi-dent would listen and see what these reporters do every day, maybe he would stop the demagoguery. Maybe he would stop calling people names. Maybe he would stop calling his own Attorney General names. Maybe he would stand up to Putin who clearly— that is a whole other story. I won’t get into that. Let’s go back to these local reporters and what journalists do every day and what Mr. Erickson does. It is what newspapers all over Ohio—from my hometown paper, the Mansfield News Journal, the paper where my wife used to work, the Cleveland Plain Dealer, the Columbus Dispatch, the Cincinnati Enquirer, a smaller paper, the News- Herald, the Lorain Journal—I could go on and on and on, paper after paper after paper. Journalists wake up every day and do their jobs. They serve their commu-nities, and they serve their country. They are not enemies of the people. I just pray to God that the President of the United States will stop that kind of talk. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, today we came together to pass important bipar-tisan legislation to strengthen our na-tional security and invest in American jobs. Many of my colleagues of both par-ties have helped get the National De-fense Authorization Act over the finish line. I particularly want to thank my colleague Senator P
ORTMAN from my State, who worked with our office to secure important Ohio priorities, and Senator I
NHOFE and my friend J ACK R
EED, who served so well on the Bank-ing Committee in addition to the work he has done on unemployment insur-ance and on military issues, and Sen-ator C
RAPO , my colleague from Idaho, as we worked on securing and for-tifying our national interests when it comes to foreign investments. All of these colleagues of mine worked with the conference committee to get our agencies new tools to screen Chinese and other foreign investments for na-tional security threats. This bill would not have been pos-sible without the leadership of one Sen-ator in particular; that is, the senior Senator from Arizona. Senator M
CCAIN’s leadership on this legislation and throughout his career is why this Congress honored him through the naming of this bill—the John McCain National Defense Authorization Act. That is a rare honor. Congress rarely honors its own. We all know we all have feet of clay and don’t put our friends here up on a pedestal, but for a few lions in the Senate, including Sam Nunn, John Warner, Ike Skelton, Carl Levin, and now J
OHNMCCAIN, we have done that. It honors his commitment to our na-tional security through the John S. McCain Strategic Defense Fellows Pro-gram—fitting tributes to the service and sacrifice of a man like J
OHN M
CCAIN. We know his story—how a young Navy pilot was captured behind enemy lines, yet he never wavered in his commitment to his fellow POWs in Vietnam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.051 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5555 August 1, 2018 
I have had my disagreements with him. We all have. But we have always respected each other. He has been a leader whom almost all of us from both parties have relied on for guidance, in-cluding national security issues and on issues when, in my first year in the Senate, I worked with Senator M
CCAIN on keeping down the costs of prescrip-tion drugs. He has been a critical fighter for sanctions to hold our adversaries ac-countable. Last year, we worked to-gether, along with Senators C
RAPO , S
CHUMER , GRAHAM , RUBIO, CORKER , and C
ARDIN , to pass tough, new sanctions on Russia, Iran, and North Korea. He has always been clear that we don’t only honor the rule of law or re-frain from torture when it is easy or convenient. He authored a 2015 amend-ment to prohibit the use of torture as an interrogation method. He has been forceful in defending our allies against Russian aggression in Crimea and Georgia and Montenegro. After the Helsinki summit, Senator M
CCAIN—one of the few Republicans in this body who is willing to call the President out when he does something, especially on foreign soil, to attack the United States of America—spoke out forcefully against the President cozying up to Putin and his attacks on journalists. He said: ‘‘The President [of the United States, Donald Trump,] made a conscious choice to defend a tyrant against the fair questions of a free press, and to grant Putin an uncontested platform to spew propa-ganda and lies to the world.’’ He said: ‘‘All that makes us who we are—a republic of free people dedicated to the cause of liberty at home and abroad.’’ Those words stood out because so few Republicans were willing to utter them. Throughout his life and career, he has lived the motto of ‘‘country first.’’ I thank my colleague from Arizona for his work on the National Defense Au-thorization Act this year. I look for-ward to continuing our work together to protect our national security and to-gether to serve the people of this great country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, every day I meet all sorts of people—small business owners, working moms, stu-dents, seniors, and servicemembers— and they are concerned about all sorts of things: the growing cost of healthcare, the cost of child care, the cost of college, the cost of student loan debt, stagnant wages, fixing our broken criminal justice system, gun violence in schools—you name it. But in the thousands of conversa-tions I have had, I haven’t met a single person who has said they are concerned that Washington doesn’t work well enough for big businesses. If you ask any of them, they will tell you that, when it comes to the wealthy and the powerful, Washington works just like a dream, but for everyone else, Wash-ington just isn’t working. That is not a coincidence. Powerful interests have been working for years to capture every single branch of gov-ernment to tilt the scales in their favor and against everyone else. Our courts are no exception in this. Powerful interests have worked for years, pouring incredible amounts of money into capturing our courts. It has been a real one-two punch. The first punch has been working with Republicans to stop fair-minded, impartial judges from sitting on the Federal bench, slowing down or stop-ping those nominations, holding open a Supreme Court seat, and keeping fair people off the bench whenever possible. Then came the second punch. When-ever they get the chance, it is stacking our courts with judges dedicated to a vision of the law where the wealthy and well-connected get to call the shots—people who are willing to leave behind women, workers, people of color, LGBTQ individuals, students, families, and everyone else who doesn’t have money or power. Donald Trump’s decision to nominate Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court is just the latest example of this. Min-utes after Donald Trump announced Kavanaugh’s nomination, the White House blasted out a document. To whom? To business lobbyists around Washington touting Judge Kavanaugh’s rulings in favor of cor-porate interests and against the inter-ests of everyone else. They are not even hiding it anymore. Think about that. The first move by the White House is not a memo to the American people talking about the nominee’s independence or talking about his commitment to justice for everyone but a memo to business lob-byists highlighting Judge Kavanaugh’s loyalty to big business. That is a key part of Donald Trump’s public case for Judge Kavanaugh—the promise that Judge Kavanaugh will tilt the playing field even further in favor of corpora-tions and against working people. Take a look at cases the White House included in its sales pitch to corporate lobbyists. In one recent case, Judge Kavanaugh ruled that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was un-constitutional, calling independent agencies like the consumer bureau ‘‘a significant threat to individual lib-erty.’’ Really? That is the consumer agency that a bipartisan group of 60 Senators and 237 Representatives cre-ated after the most devastating finan-cial crisis in generations. It is the agency that is a tough watchdog for American families, the agency that in just 7 years has returned $12 billion di-rectly to people who were cheated by big banks, credit card companies, and student loan servicers. But I guess all Judge Kavanaugh saw was a threat to the individual liberty of companies that were looking to cheat people. Judge Kavanaugh’s ruling was so out of the mainstream that the rest of his colleagues on the court promptly re-versed his decision by an overwhelming vote. But if Judge Kavanaugh becomes Justice Kavanaugh, he could provide the decisive vote on the Supreme Court to strike down the CFPB and leave consumers at the mercy of predatory lenders again. That wasn’t the only time that Judge Kavanaugh ruled against consumers and in favor of the giant corporations that squashed them. Last year, he issued an opinion that would have set aside a lower court ruling and allowed a merger of two giant health insurance companies to move forward, despite evidence that the merger could hurt consumers in 14 States. Luckily, once again, Judge Kavanaugh’s colleagues disagreed, and they criticized him for applying the law as he wished it were, not as it currently is. Again, Judge Kavanaugh found a way to rule in favor of corporate interests, no matter what the law said. Judge Kavanaugh has also ruled time and again to reverse rules designed to address climate change and to protect the air we breathe. In three separate cases, the Trump administration high-lighted for corporate lobbyists that Judge Kavanaugh argued that the En-vironmental Protection Agency had acted illegally in taking action to pro-tect the environment and to protect public health. In each case, the EPA had spent years carefully considering the input of scientists, experts, and the industry, but in each case, Judge Kavanaugh found that wasn’t enough. He put maximizing polluter profits ahead of protecting working families and the well-being of our planet. The Trump White House and the Re-publican Congress have gone to bat for corporate interests time and again. They have showered them with $1.5 trillion in tax giveaways, rolling back the rules on some of the country’s big-gest banks, and reversing rules to pro-tect workers and consumers from cor-porate abuse. But there may not be a single body in Washington that has delivered more victories for giant companies in the last 2 years—and more losses for every-one else—than the Supreme Court of the United States. In case after case, by 5-to-4 decisions, this Court has lim-ited the rights of working people and expanded the ability of giant corpora-tions to do pretty much whatever they please. It is no wonder that working families are working longer and harder, only to get squeezed between flat wages and rising costs. Judge Kavanaugh would tip the bal-ance of the Court even further in favor of those corporations and special inter-ests. For the next 30 or 40 years, he would be a reliable vote in favor of whatever giant companies and their ar-mies of lobbyists decide that they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.053 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5556 August 1, 2018 
want, whatever special favors they can’t secure in Congress and can get only through the courts. The world’s largest companies already throw their money around this place with reckless abandon and try to buy the outcomes they want. They don’t need any more help on the Supreme Court. It is time for Washington to start working for the people again, and that starts with defeating Judge Kavanaugh’s nomina-tion. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF PASTOR ANDREW BRUNSON Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I have come back again for the past several weeks and for every week I have to draw attention to what I think is a great injustice; that is, about this man, Andrew Brunson. Pastor Brunson has been in prison in Turkey since October of 2016. He has actually lived in Turkey for more than 20 years. He is a Pres-byterian minister who is associated with the same church as the Reverend Billy Graham, in Western North Caro-lina. He has been in Turkey doing mis-sionary work and connecting with the Turkish people. He is not forcing the Word on anybody. He is simply sharing it with those who want to hear it. He has a small church in Izmir that only seats about 100 people. That started long after he started his mission. He was living peacefully with his wife, Noreen, until October of 2016. That was shortly after the coup at-tempt—an illegal coup attempt—where anybody who was actually responsible for it should be in prison. It is not the appropriate way to change a regime in the United States or Turkey or in any other Western nation. After the coup attempt, President Erdogan of Turkey decided to implement emergency pow-ers, which gives him the power to put anyone in prison. In fact, he put tens of thousands of people in prison—people in the military, people in the press, missionaries, NASA scientists—a num-ber of people that I believe are illegally in prison, just like Pastor Brunson. When this was brought to my atten-tion about a year and a half ago, we treated it like casework. We were doing everything we could to get this North Carolinian, this U.S. citizen, released. After attempting to go through the diplomatic channels and recognizing that we were not making progress, we decided that we had to take other ac-tion. This is actually a point where I would like to thank Senator I
NHOFE , who is now acting on Senator MCCAIN’s behalf as the chair of the Senate Armed Services Committee. With the help of a number of Senators in this body and with the concurrence of the House, we have provisions in the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act that are trying to put Turkey on notice—in as respectful a way as possible, as a NATO ally—that Pastor Brunson should be released. Pastor Brunson was arrested 663 days ago. Up until last week, he was in pris-on the entire time. As a matter of fact, for about 17 months, he was in a prison cell that was designed for 8 people that had 21 people in it. Then, he was moved to a prison cell that he shared with one other person and had no access to any outdoors—none of the standards you would have for our prisons for the worst of the worse. He had been incar-cerated and had very limited contact. His wife remained in Turkey because she was afraid if she left, they wouldn’t let her back. His kids haven’t seen him for 2 years because they were afraid if they went to Turkey, the Turkish Gov-ernment wouldn’t let them leave. Through a lot of efforts of President Trump, Vice President P
ENCE , Ambas-sador Brownback, Senator S
HAHEEN  from New Hampshire, and a number of other Members—as a matter of fact, 72 Members of this body signed on to a letter that we sent to Turkey to ex-press our concerns—we were at least able to get him into house arrest. Last week, he was released back in Izmir but limited to staying in the apart-ment he shares with his wife, Noreen. That is a great step forward, but it is still an injustice. It is a better setting. The fact of the matter is, he is still in-carcerated. He is incarcerated on some of the most absurd charges, and I firm-ly believe there is no first-year law stu-dent who couldn’t derive a legal basis for saying that this person would not stay overnight in a U.S. jail. Yet he has been incarcerated for 663 days. We are working very closely with the administration to try and take this positive step—his placement under house arrest—and to get him out of the country. I made a promise to Andrew Brunson. I visited him twice earlier this year, once in prison to let him know that he had people in Congress who cared about him and were going to share his story and make sure we didn’t forget until he was released. Then, a little over a month later, I went back and spent 12 hours in a Turkish courtroom hearing the absurd charges levied against him. I am not going to get into the details now, but I will tell you that the indictment read like a fantasy. It is one that makes me so frustrated to think that this man could be kept in prison for 663 days. I want to end my comments on a slightly more positive note. I want to thank the officials in Turkey who at least took the positive step to put him under house arrest. I spoke with him on Thursday afternoon. It was a very, very different experience. He had hope. He was able to spend time with his wife. I was thrilled to see that because, frankly, after my time with him in the prison earlier this year, I was worried about him. He had lost 50 pounds. He was under great stress, as anybody would be if they were in a U.S. prison, let alone a Turkish prison. I want to thank the Turkish government for tak-ing positive steps. It is one step in a journey that needs to get Pastor Brunson home. Also, I want Turkey to realize that we know they are a NATO ally. We know that when you join NATO, we have an article 5 commitment. What article 5 means is that if any aggressor attacks you on your soil, the members of NATO are committed to sending their sons and daughters to defend your freedom. We are in agreement with Turkey right now that, if they were to be attacked by an aggressor, we abso-lutely would answer the call and go to Turkey to protect their homeland and protect their people. All I am asking Turkey to do is, in the spirit of that agreement that we have had with Turkey since 1952, is to protect Andrew Brunson, to send An-drew Brunson home, and to get back and honor the tenets of the NATO alli-ance, the agreement we have with the family of nations in NATO. It starts first by respecting the individual lib-erties that each and every citizen in Turkey should have and each and every citizen in the United States enjoys. I hope this is the last week you have to hear my speech. I hope that next week the speech is thanking Turkey for sending Pastor Brunson home. Make no mistake about it. For as long as Andrew Brunson is in prison, and as long as other people like a NASA sci-entist, like a DEA officer, like some of the Turkish Embassy staff who are Turkish citizens are in prison, we will continue to be a voice for people in Turkey who I think are illegally im-prisoned. Mr. President, thank you for the op-portunity to speak on this today. To the American people, I hope when you say your prayers tonight, you say one for Pastor Brunson. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, first, let me join my colleague from North Caro-lina in his request for humanitarian care and the release of Pastor Brunson. It is something we share on a bipar-tisan basis. I thank him for calling that to the attention of the Senate and to those who are following our pro-ceedings. 
f 
IMMIGRATION Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we know that President Trump during the course of his campaign made immigra-tion a major issue. Almost from the be-ginning, he made it clear that he would take a different approach to immigra-tion than previous Presidents of either 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.054 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5557 August 1, 2018 
political party. We can remember when he referred to those coming to the United States from Mexico as mur-derers and rapists. We can remember when he called for the construction of a 2,000-mile wall between the United States and Mexico, and quickly added: And Mexico will pay for it. We can remember all of the state-ments that were made during the course of the campaign about immigra-tion and terrorism. We knew we were in for a change in policy with this ad-ministration. Some of the things that have occurred have been stunning, and some of them have been horrible. One of those things was the subject of a hearing this week in the Senate Judici-ary Committee, which I serve on. It was about the zero tolerance policy. Some may remember that last year President Trump decided to eliminate and abolish the DACA Program. That was a program for those young people brought to the United States as chil-dren—infants, toddlers, and children— who grew up in the United States and believed they were part of this country and future. They learned, probably about the time they became teenagers, that this wasn’t true. They didn’t have legal status. They weren’t documented in the United States. They have lived their whole lives here. They have gone through our schools, and some of them have been amazing students. They had planned to go on with their education and their lives, and they learned they had an ob-stacle in their path. President Obama created an oppor-tunity for them to continue to live in the United States without fear of de-portation and to be able to work here. So 790,000 of them stepped up and paid a $500 filing fee, went through a crimi-nal background check, and were given, on a temporary renewable basis, this protection under President Obama’s Executive action. President Trump eliminated that order. In doing so, he eliminated the protection they had to stay here. Their fate and their future were in doubt be-cause of the President’s unilateral ac-tion. He challenged Congress to pass a law to save them. We tried. At the last minute, a bipar-tisan bill, agreed to here in the Senate by a majority of the Members, was re-jected by President Trump. It also in-cluded massive construction of his wall, but he rejected it nevertheless. Today, the only thing protecting those young people—the 790,000—are court orders, which can change any day or any week. The President’s effort on immigration and children didn’t end with his elimination of the DACA Pro-gram. Just a few months ago, they an-nounced something called zero toler-ance. Here is how it would work. At our border, any person who presented themselves between ports of entry and wasn’t a legal resident of the United States could be arrested and charged with a misdemeanor—a criminal mis-demeanor—of trying to come into this country without legal documentation. People can come in without legal documentation between ports of entry and claim asylum and refugee status, but no distinctions were made. If a per-son presented themselves and didn’t have legal status, they face this mis-demeanor criminal charge. What flowed from that has created a humanitarian disaster. Because of that charge, the Trump administration then ordered the agencies to forcibly remove all the children who were with their parents who came to the border. That meant that almost 3,000 children were forcibly removed from their parents at the border under the zero tolerance policy. That was the law of the land for some period of time, or at least that was the President’s order for some period of time, until public reaction from both Republicans and Democrats was so strong that on June 20, President Trump did something very rare in his administration. He almost admitted he made a mistake. He decided to elimi-nate the family separation policy. The elimination of that policy did not solve the problem for 2,700 children who were in the custody of the U.S. Government. These are children under the age of 18 who were basically spread across the United States, and are being held by government agencies and gov-ernment contractor facilities. The case went before a judge in the Southern District of California, Judge Sabraw, as to what to do with these children. A number of organizations, like the ACLU, came forward and said: These children should be reunited with their parents. Our government sepa-rated them. They should be reunited. He set a time table and schedule for that to occur. A lot was done, but not nearly enough. We had a hearing this week in the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, which went on for several hours with representatives from five different agencies of the Trump admin-istration trying to explain how we cre-ated this policy and what we have done ever since to reunify these parents with their children. All of us know it is not healthy to take kids away from their parents. The pediatric physicians in America—the American Academy of Pediatrics— came forward and called it institu-tional child abuse. If that sounds like an exaggeration, imagine if it were your child who was being taken away by our government, or your grandchild, for that matter. I know how I would feel as a parent and a grandparent, and I am sure most people realize it would be a traumatic experience for any par-ent—or for grandparent, for that mat-ter—to go through. Then, from the side of the children, we know that kind of separation can cause real psychological problems for these kids. I met some of these kids—they were 5 and 6 years old—in Chicago. They had been transported 2,000 miles from the border to Chicago and were being held by our government in a contractual fa-cility—5 and 6 years old. These little kids couldn’t figure out what had hap-pened to them in their lives. I will never forget the scene of being in a room with 10 of them and watching 2 little girls walk into the room who were hanging on to one another for dear life. I thought they were twins. They weren’t. They weren’t even sis-ters. One of them said: ‘‘No, amigas.’’ They had really latched on to one an-other because they were so uncertain about where they were and what their future would be. Doctors tell us that isn’t healthy for children. Yet it con-tinues for too many of these kids. At the hearing we held, we talked about how many kids are still out there who haven’t been reunited, who have been separated from their parents by our government agencies under this Trump zero tolerance policy. The num-bers change almost by the day, but they estimate that over 700 children are currently separated, and in over 400 of those cases, their parents have been deported. So the parents come to the border, the kids are taken away, the parents are invited to leave the coun-try, and the kids remain. Where are the parents? No record was kept as to where they were going. How will we re-unite these kids with their parents? No one really knows. It was clear at this hearing that nobody had even thought in advance about what that meant. When you listened to the testimony of the sworn government witnesses there, it was clear that no one from day one even envisioned what this pol-icy was going to do. One of the people who testified before us—a man whose degree and expertise are in public health—said that he warned this ad-ministration. He told them that this was not a healthy thing to do to chil-dren, to separate them and put them in some institutional setting. Yet they went forward with this plan, and not a single one of them could point to any effort made to keep track of the kids and the parents so that someday they could be reunited. In fact, what we found was that the head of the Department of Homeland Security, Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, on June 17, sent out the following tweet. It said: ‘‘We do not have a policy of separating families at the border. Period.’’ The sworn testimony this week tells us that is not true, and it wasn’t true from the beginning of the zero tolerance policy. There was a pol-icy of separating children from par-ents. What this member of the Trump Cabinet said was just wrong, just plain wrong. Listen to what the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Homeland Security said on June 23. In a fact sheet that they sent out across the country, they said: ‘‘The United States Government knows the location of all children in its cus-tody and is working to reunite them with their families.’’ Here we are, 6 weeks later, and they have fallen 700 children short of what they claim they already knew back in June. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.059 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5558 August 1, 2018 
These were two falsehoods that were promulgated on the American people to try to get them to believe this wasn’t a serious problem. Well, we know better, because this Federal judge got serious about it, and he said: I am going to set a deadline for you to put these kids back with their families. Our govern-ment failed to meet the deadline. Now read what this Federal judge had to say about it. This judge, inci-dentally, was appointed by a Repub-lican President, lest you think this is some Democrat who is trying to make political hay. Here is what Judge Sabraw said: ‘‘The practice of sepa-rating these families was implemented without any effective system or proce-dure for tracking the children after they were separated from their par-ents, enabling communication between the parents and their children after separation, and reuniting the parents and children.’’ That is what the Fed-eral judge said about the zero tolerance policy. I can’t remember a more heart-breaking and embarrassing chapter in American Government history in re-cent years—to think that our govern-ment set out with a policy to separate these kids from their parents, forcibly removing them and separating them without any plans to reunite them. They argued afterward: We can’t send these kids back to parents who might be dangerous. No one argues with that. We can’t send them back to smug-glers who are pretending to be parents. Well, we can’t argue with that either. But the United States accepted respon-sibility when we took custody of those children. We became what they call in law in loco parentis. In other words, we accepted a parental responsibility for these children. We have not met that responsibility. I asked at some point, who is going to accept responsibility for this hu-manitarian disaster in this Trump ad-ministration? Absolutely no one has. I believe Secretary Nielsen should. I be-lieve she should step down because this policy—this disastrous policy—has given a black eye to the United States. What we have seen happen here is not consistent with our values as a nation. It is not consistent with the kind of treatment we have given to those who have come to our border over the years. Think about the refugees who presented themselves to become part of the United States and our history. Think about the thousands of Cubans who came to this country saying: We want to escape communism. We want to come to the United States. Think about what a valuable contribution they have made. Did we punish them when they came into the United States? We accepted them. Have Cuban Americans been an important part of our country? Ask three U.S. Senators who are Cuban Americans. The answer is in the affirmative. Think about the Soviet Jews, those of the Jewish religion who were living in the Soviet Union and facing all sorts of prejudice and discrimination. They asked for an opportunity to come to the United States, and we opened our arms. Think about the Vietnamese who worked with us during the war trying to protect our soldiers, trying to be a part of the solution to their problems, risking their own lives in the process. We welcomed them to the United States too. Time and again, this country has opened its arms to refugees who needed a helping hand and a place of safety. We did not put them in internment camps. We didn’t take their children away to punish them. We said: We will hear you out, and if you have a legiti-mate claim, a fear of where you live, we will stand by you. We know what is happening in Cen-tral America—in Honduras, El Sal-vador, and Guatemala. At this point, there are higher rates of murder, do-mestic violence, and rape than almost anywhere in our hemisphere, and these people are bringing their kids here for their safety. I met in Chicago with one of the im-migration lawyers who represent some of these immigrants, and she said to me: ‘‘Senator, they believe their chil-dren will die if they leave them in these countries. They are willing to put their entire life savings on the line to get them to our border in the hope that they can be treated as refugees or people seeking asylum, and they are going to keep coming because the al-ternative is to accept rape and murder on their children.’’ Think about if that were your choice in life, what you would do. Would you do everything in your power to protect these children? Well, they have done it, and they have come to the border, and we answered them by separating them from their children and deporting many of them back to these dangerous countries. This isn’t consistent with what America is all about. We should stand together, both polit-ical parties, and not only condemn zero tolerance but make a solemn commit-ment to return these children to their parents. These lost children sadly re-flect on our Nation, and we need these children to be with their parents as quickly as possible. That needs to be our highest priority. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, today the Senate voted 87 to 10 to pass the National Defense Authorization Act named for J
OHN S. M CCAIN, Senator M
CCAIN. I want to do two things. I want to tell you a little bit about what is in the bill and a little bit about J
OHN S. M
CCAIN. This increases the size of our mili-tary by 24,000, which is desperately needed. Too few have done too much for too long. Having a larger military means people can stay with their fami-lies longer and takes a lot of pressure off those who are serving. And we need more troops, given the threats we have. The equipment they are going to be receiving is the most modern that we have available. We are buying 77 F–35s, which will make enemies of our Nation think twice. We are improving the F– 18, which has been a great airplane. The bottom line is that we are help-ing the Ukraine, which is standing up to the Russians. There is so much in this bill to re-lieve the pain and suffering from the defense cuts of the last 6 or 7 years. This begins to restore a hollowed-out military and improve their equipment, gives them more training, more time at home, and the largest pay increasing in 9 years—2.6 percent is the largest pay increase in about 9 years, and God knows they deserve it. There are a lot of good things in this bill to make our military stronger. There are reforms in this bill to make the Pentagon act more efficiently. In terms of Senator MCCAIN, when you mention J
OHNMCCAIN, most people think American hero. They are right to do so. He suffered for his country in a way that few have. He was in prison for over 5
1⁄2years. He came back home with honor and dignity, like every other POW he served with. He had a chance to leave early because his fa-ther was a four-star admiral, and he said: ‘‘I will wait my turn.’’ Since then, he has been a force of na-ture as a Senator. He has taken on the Pentagon to make it more efficient. He has never lost sight that his primary obligation as a Senator is to defend the Nation. The men and women in uni-form have never had a better friend than Senator M
CCAIN. The Pentagon has never had a more worthy adversary than J
OHN MCCAIN. Reform and com-mitment to those who serve go hand in hand. From a personal point of view, I want to thank all of my colleagues for be-stowing this honor on Senator M
CCAIN. He is in a tough fight. Never count J
OHNMCCAINout. I have had the pleasure of traveling the globe with this man, hours and hours on airplanes going to some of the most difficult places in the world to carry the message of what America is all about. I have never known anybody in my life—and very few in the history of this country could explain to others what America is all about. J
OHN M
CCAIN has been in love with this country since he was 17 years old and he went off to Annapolis. He has been willing to die and suffer for his coun-try, like many others. But when it comes to explaining America, I have never known anyone as articulate and as sincere as J
OHNMCCAIN. J
OHN, I hope you understand that the reason we named this bill after you is that we all love you. I hope you under-stand that this bill, my friend, repairs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.060 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5559 August 1, 2018 
a lot of the damage you have been talk-ing about for the last 6 or 7 years. This is the best way I know to honor J
OHN MCCAIN—to take care of those who are fighting and dying for this country and pushing the Pentagon to be more efficient. That is the best honor one could bestow on Senator M
CCAIN. I hope and pray that he comes back to this body, but I want him to know that even though he is physically not here, his presence is alive and well in the Senate. I yield. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PATRICK RENZI AND SCOTT SANBORN Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, be-fore we wrap up, I would be remiss if I let the day pass without calling our at-tention to two veteran Senate staff members who are concluding their dis-tinguished service this week. Patrick Renzi has served the U.S. Senate for 27 years, rising to chief re-porter in the Office of Official Report-ers of Debates. Patrick is a native of Silver Spring, MD. His mother Eileen also worked in transcription, including here in the very same office, but, as my colleagues know well, no route to the Senate is a straight line. After completing his studies at the University of Maryland and Strayer College, Patrick moved furniture, tried freelance court report-ing, and recorded a brief, forgivable stint working over in the House of Rep-resentatives. But by 1991, he had re-turned to where it all began. Over the next 27 years, Patrick be-came a key staff member, updating the technology and team that keep the Of-fice of Official Reporters running smoothly. His staff describe him as a stalwart chief with great respect for the Senate and those with whom he has served. Mr. President, Scott Sanborn cur-rently serves as the Senate Journal clerk. He arrived in this body back in 1979 as a page for Lowell Weicker, our former colleague from Connecticut. Scott wound up serving the Sec-retary’s legislative staff as an assistant bill clerk. I am told he impressed so many colleagues so quickly that in short order he was asked to serve as as-sistant editor, deputy chief reporter, and coordinator of the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD . By 2001, Scott had become the 20th Journal clerk of the U.S. Senate. Along the way, he has helped revolutionize the way the Senate records and reviews its transcripts. He found ways to in-crease efficiency and cost-savings, and he served as a go-to technical liaison, connecting the official reporters with the Members’ offices. These two gentlemen have combined to contribute, literally, decades of service to this body. To see them both embark on well-earned retirements in the same week serves as a useful re-minder of just how many incredibly talented men and women there are who may seldom find themselves in the spotlight but who are absolutely essen-tial to the smooth functioning of the Senate in a thousand ways that we all get to take for granted every single day. We don’t say thank you nearly enough around here. I am honored to be able to say it today. Thank you, Patrick. Thank you, Scott. We are sorry to see them go, but I know that Patrick’s wife Germaine and their nine children—nine children—and Scott’s wife Kim and their two kids must be happy to see what this next chapter has in store. So we bid them farewell with grati-tude for their time here and best wish-es for the times ahead. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 1008. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Cindy Hyde-Smith, David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Mike Rounds, John Boozman, Ron Johnson, John Barrasso, Steve Daines, John Cor-nyn, Johnny Isakson, John Thune, James E. Risch, Richard Burr, Lindsey Graham, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 1009. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Cindy Hyde-Smith, David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Mike Rounds, John Boozman, Ron Johnson, John Barrasso, Steve Daines, John Cor-nyn, Johnny Isakson, John Thune, James E. Risch, Richard Burr, Lindsey Graham, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls with respect to the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AUTHORIZING DOCUMENT PRODUCTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 604, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.061 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5560 August 1, 2018 
A resolution (S. Res. 604) to authorize doc-ument production by the Select Committee on Intelligence in United States v. Mariia Butina (D.D.C.). 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 604) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL SUICIDE HOTLINE IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 2345, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2345) to require the Federal Communications Commission to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easy-to- remember dialing code to be used for a na-tional suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 2345) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
JOSEPH SANFORD JR. CHANNEL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 369, S. 1668. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1668) to rename a waterway in the State of New York as the ‘‘Joseph San-ford Jr. Channel.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 1668) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: S. 1668 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JOSEPH SANFORD JR. CHANNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The waterway in the State of New York designated as the ‘‘Negro Bar Channel’’ shall be known and redesig-nated as the ‘‘Joseph Sanford Jr. Channel’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the waterway referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Joseph Sanford Jr. Channel’’. f 
AMENDING TITLE 23, UNITED STATES CODE, TO EXTEND THE DEADLINE FOR PROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS UNDER THE TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION SELF- GOVERNANCE PROGRAM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 6414, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6414) to amend title 23, United States Code, to extend the deadline for pro-mulgation of regulations under the tribal transportation self-governance program. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 6414) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
USS INDIANAPOLIS CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 2101 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2101) to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, bravery, and service to the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Don-nelly amendment, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3688) was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 2, beginning on line 4, strike ‘‘was commanded’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Tinian’’ on line 7 and insert ‘‘, commanded by Captain Charles Butler McVay III, carried 1,195 personnel when it set sail for the island of Tinian’’. On page 2, line 19, strike ‘‘explosion’’ and insert ‘‘explosions’’. On page 2, line 19, strike ‘‘off’’. On page 2, line 20, strike ‘‘1,196 crew mem-bers’’ and insert ‘‘1,195 personnel’’. On page 2, line 24, strike ‘‘Shortly after 11 a.m.’’ and insert ‘‘At 10:25 a.m.’’. On page 3, line 21, strike ‘‘317 men’’ and in-sert ‘‘316 men’’. 
The bill (S. 2101), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2101 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘USS Indian-apolis Congressional Gold Medal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Portland-class heavy cruiser USS Indianapolis received 10 battle stars between February 1942 and April 1945 while partici-pating in major battles of World War II from the Aleutian Islands to Okinawa. (2) The USS Indianapolis, commanded by Captain Charles Butler McVay III, carried 1,195 personnel when it set sail for the island of Tinian on July 16, 1945, to deliver compo-nents of the atomic bomb ‘‘Little Boy’’. The USS Indianapolis set a speed record during the portion of the trip from California to Pearl Harbor and successfully delivered the cargo on July 26, 1945. The USS Indianapolis then traveled to Guam and received further orders to join Task Group 95.7 in the Leyte Gulf in the Philippines for training. During the length of the trip, the USS Indianapolis went unescorted. (3) On July 30, 1945, minutes after mid-night, the USS Indianapolis was hit by 2 tor-pedoes fired by the I–58, a Japanese sub-marine. The resulting explosions severed the bow of the ship, sinking the ship in about 12 minutes. Of 1,195 personnel, about 900 made it into the water. While a few life rafts were deployed, most men were stranded in the water with only a kapok life jacket. (4) At 10:25 a.m. on August 2, 1945, 4 days after the sinking of the USS Indianapolis, Lieutenant Wilbur Gwinn was piloting a PV– 1 Ventura bomber and accidentally noticed men in the water who were later determined to be survivors of the sinking of the USS In-dianapolis. Lieutenant Gwinn alerted a PBY aircraft, under the command of Lieutenant Adrian Marks, about the disaster. Lieuten-ant Marks made a dangerous open-sea land-ing to begin rescuing the men before any sur-face vessels arrived. The USS Cecil J. Doyle was the first surface ship to arrive on the scene and took considerable risk in using a searchlight as a beacon, which gave hope to survivors in the water and encouraged them to make it through another night. The res-cue mission continued well into August 3, 1945, and was well-coordinated and respon-sive once launched. The individuals who par-ticipated in the rescue mission conducted a thorough search, saved lives, and undertook the difficult job of identifying the remains of, and providing a proper burial for, those individuals who had died. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.068 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5561 August 1, 2018 
(5) Only 316 men survived the ordeal and the survivors had to deal with severe burns, exposure to the elements, extreme dehydra-tion, and shark attacks. (6) During World War II, the USS Indianap-olis frequently served as the flagship for the commander of the Fifth Fleet, Admiral Ray-mond Spruance, survived a bomb released during a kamikaze attack (which badly dam-aged the ship and killed 9 members of the crew), earned a total of 10 battle stars, and accomplished a top secret mission that was critical to ending the war. The sacrifice, per-severance, and bravery of the crew of the USS Indianapolis should never be forgotten. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) A WARD AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the award, on behalf of Congress, of a single gold medal of appropriate design to the crew of the USS In-dianapolis, in recognition of their persever-ance, bravery, and service to the United States. (b) D
ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the pur-poses of the award referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike the gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary. (c) I
NDIANA WARMEMORIAL MUSEUM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Following the award of the gold medal referred to in subsection (a), the gold medal shall be given to the Indiana War Memorial Museum in Indianapolis, Indi-ana, where it will be displayed as appropriate and made available for research. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Indiana War Memorial Mu-seum should make the gold medal received under this Act available for display else-where, particularly at other locations and events associated with the USS Indianapolis. 
SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS. 
Under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under section 3, at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses. 
SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDALS. 
(a) N ATIONAL MEDALS .—Medals struck under this Act are national medals for pur-poses of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. (b) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. f 
MAIN STREET CYBERSECURITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the House message to accompany S. 770. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 770) entitled ‘‘An Act to require the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology to disseminate resources to help reduce small business cybersecurity risks, and for other purposes.’’, do pass with amendments. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ments, and I ask unanimous consent that the motion be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. TILLIS ). The Senator from Oregon. 
f 
FAMILY INTERNMENT Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I come to the floor tonight with a simple and clear message, which is that we must not allow internment camps to be built in the United States of America. I come with this message because we have heard on Capitol Hill that even as I speak, individuals are planning to bring forward legislation that would, in fact, create internment camps as a strategy of family incarceration—a strategy that President Trump has been championing. So I say tonight, absolutely not. We must not allow in-ternment camps to be established in the United States of America. When we look at the history of the world and the history of America, we realize that in many ways, we are still a very young nation, with less than three centuries behind us. In that com-paratively short time, we have accom-plished great things. We have helped save the world from tyranny and fas-cism, while pushing the boundaries of science. We spread democracy and human rights to nations far and wide. We have broken down barriers of race and gender and sexual orientation here at home in a vision of equality and op-portunity for all. Yet we cannot forget that along with those great accomplishments, there have also been some dark chapters in our history. We all are aware of these chapters when the United States em-braced slavery from its founding up through the Civil War; that we em-braced discrimination through segrega-tion and Jim Crow laws; that we had in World War II a strategy of creating in-ternment camps to imprison our citi-zens who were of Japanese ancestry. Now, we have another dark chapter— a chapter in which our government has decided to treat those fleeing persecu-tion from around the world as if they are criminals, to greet them not with Lady Liberty and a torch, saying, ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free’’ but a different saying—a saying that if you are fleeing persecution and you wash up on the shores of the United States, we will treat you as a criminal. We will tear away your chil-dren, and we will throw you in prison. In the span of just a few weeks, from May 4 and into June of this year, the Trump team tore around 2,600 young boys and girls from their parents’ arms. They were families coming to the United States. They were fleeing persecution. They were seeking asy-lum. They were going through all kinds of trials and tribulations back in their home countries. They were going through all kinds of difficulties on the path of arriving in the United States. They had, in their minds, that vision that we are a nation where almost ev-eryone has in their family history someone who fled persecution, who fled civil war, who fled drought and famine, who fled religious persecution, so sure-ly they would be treated with dignity and understanding as they sought asy-lum from the persecution they faced back home. Instead, many were stopped from coming through the entry points to claim asylum. Many resorted, there-fore, to coming across other points in between the official border points, and they faced this new policy—this policy concocted by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, President of the United States Donald Trump, the Chief of Staff, and Steve Miller. This plan was deterrence—deterrence by afflicting children so as to send a message, if you flee persecution, do not think of com-ing to the United States. Let us recognize that the whole idea of establishing a political tactic, a po-litical goal of deterrence through the infliction of trauma on children is a dark and evil place for our government to have gone. One that—now that light has been shed on it, now that America has cried out from boundary to bound-ary, from East to West and from North to South and said that this is wrong, it is immoral, no religious tradition in the world would support this, the ad-ministration has ended those family separations, those children being ripped out of their parents’ arms. They are now under a responsibility to re-unify the children with their parents. They have been ordered by the court to have deadlines for those children under 5 and for those children 5 through 17. They missed the first and second dead-lines, and 700 children are still not re-united with their parents. Reports are coming in on the impact, the trauma inflicted on the children and how seriously this modified their behavior. A recent piece in the New York Times told the story of a 5-year- old boy from Brazil who was separated from his mother for 50 days. Thiago used to love playing with toys of the Minions from the ‘‘Despicable Me’’ movies, but now his new favorite game is patting down and shackling migrants with plastic handcuffs, and now when people come to their home, he flees. He runs away. He hides behind the couch, afraid he will once again be torn from his mother’s arms. His story is not unique. In fact, we hear story after story after story of children and the reverberations of the trauma they have experienced at the hands of the Trump administration; children terrified of being separated from their parents for even just a few moments; children whose whole out-look on life—their whole disposition— has been modified; children afraid of engaging in a life outside the house. The act of tearing families apart has supposedly stopped with the Presi-dent’s order. He has an Executive order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.054 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5562 August 1, 2018 
which I have in my hand, but what this Executive order plans next is also hor-rible and shameful. This is a plan to es-tablish internment camps in the United States of America. The Presi-dent has gone from family separation, tearing children out of their parents’ arms, to family incarceration, where families would be detained indefinitely together. Internment camps, tent cit-ies out in the middle of the desert or maybe on military bases. We have seen this type of policy before. We know how badly it ends for our Nation. We made a huge mistake in World War II locking up Japanese-American families in internment camps, and we are still dealing with the consequences. After visiting one of those camps in 1943, Eleanor Roosevelt remarked that ‘‘to undo a mistake is always harder than not to create one originally, but we seldom have the foresight.’’ In this instance, we should have the foresight. We know the history of the horror of internment camps. We have the ability to stop our Nation from making a terrible mistake. We know how history will look on us if we fail to prevent this mistake and follow the President’s plan for internment camps, which he has laid out. In the aftermath of the attack on Pearl Harbor, we allowed fear and big-otry to consume us. We took away the freedom of more than 110,000 Ameri-cans. Freedom, the most basic human right, was taken away by our govern-ment from 110,000 American citizens. We locked Japanese-Americans in pris-on camps behind barbed wire fences in some of the most inhospitable parts of the Nation for no other reason than their Japanese ancestry. Children grew up not in their communities but behind barbed wire. Adults were torn off their land, their farms, their orchards. They were torn away from their professions, which ran the full spectrum of profes-sions across America, to be able to earn just a few cents a day, working in-side those prisons. Families who once owned their homes, had a vision for the future, had a vision for the children’s future were crammed together for years in wooden shacks behind barbed wire. In a 1943 radio interview, Dillon Myer, the head of the agency in charge of the camps, spoke out against them. Mind you, this was the middle of the war. He was in charge of the camps. He knows it is wrong; he knows it is de-structive. He said: ‘‘Public opinion feeding on prejudice and fanned by ha-tred and fear of the unknown will do some peculiar things.’’ He went on to say: Even though the war relocation authority is responsible for the operation of the relocation cen-ters, we are convinced that they are not good things. It is not a normal way of life. It produces many kinds of ab-normal conditions that are not desir-able. Indeed, as former First Lady Laura Bush pointed out in her op-ed article in the Washington Post a few months ago: ‘‘We also know that this treatment in-flicts trauma; those who have been in-terned have been twice as likely to suf-fer cardiovascular disease or die pre-maturely than those who were not in-terned.’’ One Japanese-American hero, Fred Korematsu, challenged this racist pol-icy. He challenged it all the way to the Supreme Court. In a 6-to-3 decision the Court would long regret, it upheld the constitutionality of these camps. Seven decades later, history embraces the view of the three dissenting jus-tices. In the words of Justice Frank Murphy: 
Racial discrimination in any form and in any degree has no justifiable part whatever in our democratic way of life. It is unattrac-tive in any setting, but it is utterly revolt-ing among a free people who have embraced the principles set forth in the Constitution of the United States [of America]. 
This is why a commission, created by President Jimmy Carter in 1980, found that the internment camps were a ‘‘grave injustice’’ that stemmed from ‘‘race prejudice, war hysteria, and a failure of political leadership.’’ It is why, when awarding him the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1998, President Clinton said: 
In the long history of our country’s con-stant search for justice, some names of ordi-nary citizens stand for millions of souls: Plessy, Brown, Parks. To that distinguished list, today we add the name of Fred Korematsu. 
Fred Korematsu challenged the legit-imacy of internment camps under the Constitution of the United States. In fact, just earlier this year, 2018, Chief Justice John Roberts said: ‘‘Korematsu was gravely wrong the day it was de-cided, has been overruled in the court of history, and—to be clear—’has no place in law under the Constitution.’’’ So it was called a failure of political leadership that we established intern-ment camps in World War II, and it would be an enormous failure of polit-ical leadership if we were to establish internment camps in 2018; yet I keep hearing this very plan is being cooked up to be put on the floor of the Senate when we return. That is why I am speaking about it tonight to say: No, absolutely not; those among us who are planning such a deed will face enor-mous opposition, not just from me but from everyone who cares about justice in the United States of America, every-one who cares about decency and fair-ness, everyone who knows that the strategy of ripping children out of their parents’ arms was dark and evil and wrong. We are not going to allow family separation to be replaced by family incarceration. But here we are, with this Executive order, and it says, in somewhat bland language, ‘‘Affording Congress an Op-portunity to Address Family Separa-tion.’’ This Executive order—this order right here—is an argument for estab-lishing internment camps in the United States of America. This strategy, laid out by the President, must not happen. This statement says that it is the of-ficial policy of the Trump administra-tion to detain immigrant families to-gether. What are they talking about? Internment camps—not handcuffs for the parents where the children are ripped out of their arms; it is handcuffs for all. It is an Executive order calling on the military to provide facilities for housing the immigrant families and, if they can’t find them, to construct them, if necessary. This document in-structs the Attorney General of the United States to try to find a way to overturn a legal settlement known as the Flores consent agreement, which says that children cannot be detained indefinitely. So this document lays out two strat-egies to internment camps: one, by get-ting the courts to overturn the Flores consent agreement and the second, af-fording Congress an opportunity to ad-dress family separation. It calls on Congress to act, to make it legal to es-tablish internment camps. Have we learned nothing? Here is what I have to say about this Executive order: no internment camps in the United States of America, not now and not in the future. I will abso-lutely resist such a strategy. This Presidential vision is anything but Presidential—this vision of a President who is operating in a fashion outside of a vision of the Constitution. I know there will be many among us who will join in this effort to resist this strat-egy. So if my colleagues—any one of them—should bring this to the floor, I want them to know this will be a fight. This will be a battle. We will call up the horror of the past and say that it will not be accompanied by a horror of the present. We will not go from family separation to family incarceration. In-ternment would be just as wrong today as it was seven decades ago. If we allow this to happen, it is more than a failure of political leadership. It is to allow America to dwell in a deep and dark and evil place. Some may say that families fleeing persecution are coming to America to ask for asylum, which they are allowed to do under the Refugee Convention, of which the United States is a member. They may say: Senator M
ERKLEY , you believe it is wrong to rip children out of their parents’ arms, and you be-lieve it is wrong to establish intern-ment camps. What would you do? Well, here is what I would do: I would rees-tablish the Family Case Management Program. That is a program that worked well—that worked very well— but was dismantled by this administra-tion approximately a year ago to pave the way for family separation, to in-flict trauma on children. What is the Family Case Manage-ment Program? I don’t think the Presi-dent of the United States knows about this program—the program he ended— or he doesn’t want to know about it. He wants to paint some other vision. So let’s remind the President of the United States how this works, the pro-gram that he got rid of, the program that worked so well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.073 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5563 August 1, 2018 
A family comes seeking asylum. They present themselves with that case. They are treated with respect and dignity because we are a nation of indi-viduals with family histories of indi-viduals fleeing persecution. We under-stand what that is like. We understand what it is like, and we treat people with decency. The families are put into a case man-agement program while their asylum case is being prepared. The whole point of the program is to make sure they show up for their court appointments, make sure they show up for their check-ins, make sure they have some-one who guides them through the sys-tem so they understand how it works. If they understand how it works, they know when to show up and where to show up, and they know how to prepare for those meetings. This program was created by ICE and Homeland Security. They put their heads to work: How do we treat people with dignity and respect and make sure they show up at their check-ins and their court appointments? They de-signed a very good program, the Fam-ily Case Management Program. So families lived their life in preparation for their appearances in court, and we did not inflict trauma on the children. We did not treat them as pawns in some broader scheme of deterrence. We treated families with basic dignity. Then, if they won their asylum case, then they came into a country that had received and treated them with dig-nity. If they lost their asylum case, they went back to their country. They were deported, but they had memories of a country that treated them with re-spect and decency until that asylum case date arrived. This program had such a phenomenal success rate that I was stunned when I got hold of the inspector general’s re-port. I want to make sure that folks can see this. This inspector general’s report says, based on the information provided by ICE, that the overall pro-gram compliance for all five regions is an average of 99 percent for ICE check- ins and appointments and 100 percent attendance at court hearings. That number is stunning, and I wouldn’t share it if it were anything other than from the inspector general himself or herself reporting after a thorough investigation—99 percent for ICE check-ins, 100 percent attendance at court hearings. Wow. How often do you see a program that works that well? There is another report, and that re-port came when the program was ter-minated. That report proceeds to have some additional numbers in it. This one came after the second report. It was an afterprogram report. It is called the Family Case Management Program Closeout Report, February 2018. This was in the hands of the Trump admin-istration even as they were planning to end the program, actually did end the program. What it says is, the program operated for 17 months. It says it was launched in the following cities: Baltimore, Chi-cago, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, and Newark. It had different non-profits that operated it: Bethany Chris-tian Services, the Frida Kahlo Commu-nity Organization, the International Institute of Los Angeles, the Youth Co- Op, Inc. in Miami, the Catholic Char-ities of New York. They served over 2,000 immigrants. It treated them by educating them about how this worked as they prepared for their asylum hear-ing. It provided them with individual-ized needs assessments and service plans, orientation and information ses-sions on legal rights and responsibil-ities and obligations, tracking and monitoring of those obligations, in-cluding showing up for check-ins, which they did 99 percent of the time, and showing up for court hearings, ac-cording to the IG, 100 percent of the time. ICE concluded it was an overall suc-cess. This evaluation came after the IG’s report. It was no longer 100 per-cent attendance of court hearings. In-stead, it was 99.3 percent—a 99-percent success rate, 99-percent compliance with ICE monitoring requirements, in-cluding telephonic and in-person check-ins. When participants reported on how they were treated, they talked about positive relationships with their case managers, and it centered on the trust that was established between the case manager and the participant. That is pretty amazing success for a program that the administration shut down in favor of choosing to deliberately inflict trauma on children. We have not one report, not one eval-uation; we have two. This report from February this year, with all this posi-tive information about how the pro-gram worked, is not easy to find on-line. It has essentially been hidden. After I raised this issue of the Fam-ily Case Management Program, a per-son brought this report to my team and said: Hey, did you know there is this other closeout evaluation that lays out the vision of how well the program worked in far more detail than the IG report? I said: No, I didn’t know about that. Great, I will share it with my col-leagues, which I am doing right now. I don’t know why it wasn’t cir-culated. Maybe it is because it had such glowing reviews of the program the administration shut down that they were embarrassed by their argu-ment; the fact of this report says their argument that people wouldn’t show up for their court hearings is simply wrong. I imagine that is why it wasn’t circulated. In this Family Case Management Program, they talk about costs in this evaluation. They go through the dif-ferent strategies. The Family Case Management Program costs $38 per day. That is per participant, per day, $38. That compares with family resi-dential facilities at an average cost of $237 per day. That is $38 versus $237. The program worked incredibly well, and it was far less expensive than de-tention—family residential facility de-tention. In addition, we now have some recent numbers that have been put for-ward. Health and Human Services has told news outlets that it costs Amer-ican taxpayers $775 per person, per night to house people at tent city in-ternment camps—$775 per person per night versus $38. Thirty-eight dollars, no trauma—a relation of respect and trust versus incarceration at $775 per night. This Trump strategy of inflicting trauma on children is wrong at every single level you can imagine. It is a costly, inhumane, damaging program, with lifetime consequences for the chil-dren versus decency and respect and trust, and the program costs just a fraction, one-twentieth of this reported $700-plus per night. If you have those two options, which one would you choose? Would you choose the program that costs a frac-tion, one-twentieth, of the tent city in-ternment camp strategy? Would you choose a program that builds trust and relationships and has a 99- to 100-per-cent rate of success in people showing up for their check-ins, a 99- to 100-per-cent rate of showing up for their court hearings versus a program that does so much damage to so many. I have come to the Senate floor to say one thing as clearly as I possibly can to every colleague. If you are part of the plan to bring an internment camp strategy to the floor of the Sen-ate, I will fight that plan with every-thing I have. It is an evil and dark place for this country to go. We know that from our history. We know history has said it was a failure of political leadership to allow it to have happened in World War II. I will do everything I can to make sure we do not have another failure of polit-ical leadership that allows the vision of internment camps imbedded in the President’s Executive order to occur in the United States of America. Lady Liberty says: ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.’’ It speaks to the fact that almost all of us come from family roots that in-volved immigrants, involved people fleeing persecution. In that poet’s words, Emma Lazarus, goes on to speak about ‘‘the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!’’ Let’s keep that lamp lit here in the United States of America. Let’s treat those fleeing persecution with respect and decency. That is what is in our blood as an American. That is what is in our DNA—a vision of compassion and freedom and opportunity that knows, through all too personal of fam-ily experiences, what it is like to flee religious persecution or famine or war and what a beautiful thing it is to be treated with respect and decency if you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.075 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5564 August 1, 2018 
come to the shores of the United States of America. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHRISTINE M CLEOD PATE AND NIKOLE NELSON Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, it is the end of the week on the Senate floor, and it is my favorite time of the week. I think it is the pages’ favorite time of the week, too, because we get to talk about the Alaskan of the Week. This is a speech I give every week. The whole purpose is to talk about some-body in my community, somebody in my great State, who has done some-thing important for their fellow Alas-kans or maybe their fellow Americans. Sometimes it is someone very famous. Other times it is somebody who is working hard every single day and doesn’t get a lot of recognition. What we like to do is come and talk about them. We like to brag about them. I like to brag about my State. We all like to brag about our States. When it comes to size, beauty, grandeur, and majestic nature, I think Alaska takes the cake of all the other States, but others might disagree. I know the Pre-siding Officer loves his State very much. What we want to encourage people to do is come on up to Alaska, see it for yourselves. Spend some time there. We are getting ready for a little recess. Some of my Senate colleagues will be coming up and seeing our great State in the next week. I guarantee you, if you are watching, it is going to be the trip of a lifetime. You will love it, absolutely love it. More than anything, it is truly the people of Alaska who make it such a special place. We like to celebrate these people. They are individualistic, rugged, tough but very community-ori-ented. We call them our Alaskan of the Week. I am going to break a little rule on the Alaskan of the Week this week be-cause it is going to be the Alaskans of the Week, not one but two—two people who are doing great things and, in many ways, reinforcing each other’s great work in Alaska. I am going to talk a little bit, though, about one of the challenges. We like to brag about how wonderful our States are. Let’s face it, all States in our great Nation have challenges and problems. One of the ones that a number of us back home in Alaska are focused on is a really big challenge and a really problematic issue in my State; that is, the very high rate of domestic violence and sexual assault we have in Alaska. We have some of the highest rates in the country. This is horrible, and it impacts families and, of course, victims and survivors. Of course, it is not just a problem in Alaska; it is a problem all across the country. In Alaska, it is an acute problem. It is a big problem. The good news is, we have hundreds, if not thousands, of people in Alaska who have recognized this as a big prob-lem and have banded together in using their energy, creativity, and drive to have turned to the survivors of this abuse and turn to help them and help them break out of what oftentimes is generational violence—family victims after family victims. Today, I recognize two such Alas-kans, who are literally leading the way on this very important issue of helping the survivors of these heinous crimes: Sitka, AK, resident Christine Pate, who is the legal director for the Alaska Network on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault, and Anchorage resi-dent Nikole Nelson, who is the execu-tive director of Alaska Legal Services. These two women, for decades, have been leading the effort to bring legal services and other services to survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault in our State. They work together. They are leaders. They have helped hun-dreds, if not thousands, of victims and their families—think about that—over the last 20 years. Let’s talk about them a little bit. Christine has done a great job with the Alaska Network on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault, ANDVSA, which is an umbrella organization for 25 domes-tic violence and sexual assault pro-grams across the State. Christine is a cum laude graduate of the New York University School of Law. She came to Alaska in 1993, clerked for Sitka Superior Court Judge Larry Zervos, and after that, she worked for Alaska Legal Services in Fairbanks and then has been with ANDVSA for 20 years doing this very important work. Her demeanor was once described by a reporter as ‘‘Clark Kent-like,’’ which I would agree with if that means she has superpowers that are used to fight bad guys and help the good guys. Those who know her just call her wonderful, and I certainly would agree with that. At ANDVSA, she directs the coali-tion’s statewide civil legal services program, which also includes both staff attorneys and approximately 60 active volunteer attorneys—again, to help survivors and victims of these heinous crimes. She also oversees legal training and technical assistance for program advocates. As a matter of fact, I was home a few months ago and went to one of her training programs. She does a phenomenal job. Nikole Nelson is her compatriot-in- arms. She made her way to Alaska 20 years ago, fresh out of Willamette Uni-versity’s College of Law, and her first job in Alaska—still doing it—was to work for Alaska Legal Services Cor-poration. She rose up through the ranks, and now she is the director. She, too, in my view, has superpowers, and she channels those powers to serve in the righteous cause of justice for the too many victims in my State who need it and don’t have access to an at-torney to help them. I cannot stress how important both the Alaska Network on Domestic Vio-lence and Sexual Assault and the Alas-ka Legal Services Corporation are for victims and survivors of these heinous crimes. I have had the opportunity and really the honor of working with both Chris-tine and Nikole and their organizations very closely over the years. I am still a huge supporter of all they do and have watched them year after year doing the great work they do to stomp out the scourge of domestic violence in our State. Let me tell a little story of how we all worked together. When I was attorney general of the State, we had a big campaign strategy called the Choose Respect strategy, and one of the elements of that was to get more lawyers to help victims; to get more lawyers, pro bono attorneys, to come out and help victims, survivors of domestic violence and sexual as-sault. Think about this: If you are an ac-cused rapist, you get a Sixth Amend-ment right to counsel. That is in our Bill of Rights. If you are the victim, what do you get? You don’t get any-thing. And far too often, the victims don’t have any legal representation. They don’t know how to use the justice system as a sword and a shield. What we were trying to do—what Nikole and Christine have been doing for decades—was to say to the sur-vivors and victims: Wait a minute. We can get you a lawyer. We can help you. We can empower you. We held these pro bono legal summits throughout the State of Alaska, and dozens of lawyers came out of the woodwork and said: We will help you. We will be your sword and shield in the justice system. That is what we have done. That is what they have continued to do, and this makes a huge difference. As a mat-ter of fact, of all the studies through-out the country on how you change this culture of abuse—in every study, one of the most important things is to get victims and survivors an attorney. So that is what they have been doing. We actually recently took that idea here to the Senate floor in a bill that Senator H
EITKAMP and I cosponsored called the POWER Act, which would create another layer of pro bono attor-neys. The idea is to create an army of lawyers by the thousands in America to provide legal services for victims of domestic violence and sexual assault. That passed the Senate, passed the House, came back over here, trying to hotline it, and it looks as though we hit a little glitch today. But I can’t imagine any Senator who doesn’t want to do this, so we will probably get this done after we are back from recess, and that will help take this idea nation-wide. The leaders in our community in Alaska have been Nikole and Christine. As I mentioned, there are no simple solutions on this, but when an abused victim is represented by an attorney, their ability to break out of the cycle of violence increases dramatically. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.076 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5565 August 1, 2018 
Just one study found that 83 percent of victims represented by an attorney were able to obtain a protective order versus almost 30 percent of victims without an attorney. But here is the problem: There was a recent report by a national group that focuses on these issues. In 2014, in 1 day, there were over 10,000 victims who went without services, like legal serv-ices. So there is a desperate need. Christine and Nikole have been the ones leading the charge. I talk about an army of attorneys to do this kind of pro bono legal work in Alaska—they are the captains leading this charge. Christine likes to quote one of the advocates she works with when she talks about her work. She says: ‘‘It is so satisfying to see the relief wash over a person’s face when they realize that there’s an end in sight and they don’t have to live like that in a cycle of vio-lence anymore because they have an attorney representing them.’’ Nikole has been traveling the globe with her daughter the past month thanks to a much needed sabbatical grant from Alaska’s Rasmuson Foun-dation. Nikole, I hope you are having a much needed rest. Let me end with a quote written by her about the work Alaska Legal Serv-ices does, the work she leads in our great State. She said: ‘‘In any given day, the people who come seeking our services may be moms that have been abused by their spouse, oftentimes in front of their children, and they come to us because they do not have the fi-nancial means to leave that abuse.’’ They help them with that. ‘‘We may have a grandfather who is struggling to care for his grandchildren and he fears he is going to lose his home. . . . For all of these problems, there is a civil legal solution. But unlike in criminal cases where a defendant is guaranteed a court-appointed attorney if they can-not afford one, in civil cases’’—in these kinds of domestic violence and civil ac-tion cases—‘‘there is no [right to an at-torney].’’ And what they do is they pro-vide it, particularly to victims of these heinous crimes. Christine and Nikole lead organiza-tions that are doing great work not only in Alaska, but nationwide, Legal Services Corporation does this work, and I am a big supporter of them here in the Senate. Christine and Nikole, thank you for all the great work you have done over the years. Thanks for your tremendous spirit of generosity and kindness. I know I can thank you on behalf of so many survivors of these crimes whom you have helped, and their families. Thanks for being our joint Alaskans of the week this week in the U.S. Senate. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
f 
TRADE SECURITY ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I want to talk about an issue that has gotten a lot of attention recently, and that is our U.S. trade policy. It is an important topic that affects every one of us. It affects our economy, it affects jobs, and it certainly affects our for-eign policy. I have followed it pretty closely over the years. I was a trade lawyer when I first started practicing law. I was U.S. Trade Representative, or USTR, under the George W. Bush administration, and now I am a member of the Senate Finance Committee, which has juris-diction over these trade issues. Most importantly, of course, I am a Senator from Ohio, which is a State that has a big manufacturing sector, a big agriculture sector, and a State where a lot of jobs depend on having a good trade policy. In fact, in Ohio, about 25 percent of our State’s factory workers are export workers. In other words, they make products that get ex-ported. Today in Ohio, about one of every three acres that are planted gets exported—soybeans, corn, and wheat. These are good jobs too. Trade jobs, on average, pay about 16 percent more than other jobs and provide better ben-efits. So it is very important to our economy in Ohio to have these export jobs. In America, we are about 5 percent of the world’s population. Yet we have about 25 percent of the world’s econ-omy. So it is very important for us to have access to the 95 percent of con-sumers who live outside of our borders. We want to sell them more. We want to open up markets for our farmers, our workers, and our service providers. While promoting exports, we also need to ensure that we protect Amer-ican jobs from unfair trade, from im-ports that would unfairly undercut our farmers, our workers, and our service providers. Simply put, what we want is a level playing field where it is fair and where we have reciprocal treatment be-tween countries. If we have a level playing field, by the way, I believe American workers will be just fine. Our workers and busi-nesses can compete and can win if we have a truly level playing field. We want a balanced approach. We want to open up new markets for U.S. products, while being tougher on trade enforcement, so we can compete. With my colleagues over the past couple of years, I coauthored a number of laws in this area. One is actually called the Level the Playing Field Act. It does just that. The other is called the ENFORCE Act. These are bipar-tisan laws that are helping to crack down on unfair trade that hurts U.S. jobs. The Level the Playing Field Act helps on the front-end by making it easier for workers and businesses to win cases when foreign companies send us products that are unfairly traded be-cause they are sold below their cost or dumped or because they are subsidized illegally. This makes it easier to put anti-dumping or countervailing duties, also known as tariffs, on those unfairly traded products. That is a good idea. By the way, it is sanctioned by the international trade enforcer called the World Trade Organization. This law has worked over the last couple of years to raise tariffs on those unfair imports. The second law, which is called the ENFORCE Act, helps on the back-end by ensuring that once workers win trade enforcement cases, the new du-ties on foreign imports are actually en-forced. It is designed to keep countries from circumventing new tariffs by sell-ing the product to a third country, a third party that then sells it to the United States to get around our tariffs. We don’t want people to evade our tar-iffs, and that is the purpose of the EN-FORCE Act. It needs a little work, honestly, on its implementation. We need to strengthen it. Together, the Level the Playing Field Act and the ENFORCE Act are working. Since I came to the Senate in 2011, I have been involved in nearly 40 trade cases where American workers and pro-ducers were seeking relief from unfair foreign competition. I am proud to have received the American Iron and Steel Institute’s Congressional Steel Champion Award in 2015 for my ongo-ing work to allow steelworkers to com-pete on a level playing field. In 2016, the Level the Playing Field Act was used to secure three big wins against China and several more against other countries in the sector of steel, particularly rolled steel—hot-rolled steel, cold-rolled steel, and corrosion- resistant steel. This is the kind of steel that is used to make cars and trucks and other things. Those products from China—rolled steel—now face tariffs of up to 265 percent thanks to our legisla-tion and thanks to bringing these cases and winning them. This is how trade enforcement should work. It shouldn’t just be about saying that we are going to raise tariffs just because we can because then other countries will do the same thing to us—raising tariffs, which are like taxes, and risking a trade war with es-calating tariffs that would make every-one worse off. Enforcement actions should be focused on those countries that are engaging in unfair trade prac-tices and violating our trade laws or the commitments that are required under the World Trade Organization. We want a level playing field and rec-iprocity so we can open up more mar-kets for our workers, and we want other countries to send us products that are fairly traded. It is pretty sim-ple. We need to be careful about taking action that increases barriers to trade. If we impose higher tariffs without jus-tification, we invite retaliation and higher tariffs on our exports. My con-cern is that we are beginning to do just that, and it threatens the impressive economic gains we have seen this year. Since the tax cuts and tax reform were enacted and since important new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.078 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5566 August 1, 2018 
regulatory relief has been implemented by the Trump administration, we have seen the economy grow. After a couple of decades of stagnant growth and flat wages, our economy is actually in-creasing, wages are starting to in-crease, and American workers and businesses are benefiting. Just last week, the Commerce De-partment released the economic num-bers for the past 3 months, and our economy grew by 4.1 percent in the sec-ond quarter of this year. Pro-growth Federal policies have resulted in this kind of a strong and growing economy that is creating more jobs and higher wages. We want to continue building on that momentum that we already started this year with these good fiscal policies. I am concerned that some of our deci-sions on trade policy provide a real headwind to that growing economy. That is why, when I see the Commerce Department putting tariffs on auto-mobiles and auto parts, I become con-cerned. According to one estimate, a 25-percent tariff on autos and auto parts could cost 624,000 American jobs. Right now, the administration is doing a lot on the trade front. They have a lot of balls in the air. As far as our trade policy is concerned, I think it is causing a lot of uncertainty out there in the economy. First, the administration is still re-negotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA, with Mexico and Canada, which are, by the way, our biggest trading partners in Ohio—Canada is No. 1, and Mexico is No. 2. I support updating NAFTA. I think that is a good idea. I support what USTR Robert Lighthizer is trying to do. But after 15 months of talks and uncertainty, I am concerned. We need to see some light at the end of the tun-nel. I hope we will soon, particularly as it relates to Mexico. Second, the United States is raising tariffs on Chinese imports using sec-tion 301 of our trade law after con-ducting a thorough investigation dem-onstrating the number of anti-competi-tive ways—from administrative ap-proval processes, to joint venture re-quirements, to outright cyber theft— that China uses to effectively steal American intellectual property. Third, the administration is using a national security waiver to our trade rules—called section 232—to raise tar-iffs as a matter of national security on steel and aluminum imports from all but four countries. That means those tariffs are being imposed on a number of our strong allies. Because of that and the retaliation it has invited, this section 232 has been the focus of a lot of attention recently. I agree with President Trump that we need to crack down on countries that cheat on trade—like China—and we need to make sure we do it in a smart and targeted way. China does steal our intellectual property, and they have been doing that for years. China tilts the playing field against American firms, innovators, and work-ers and gets the technology they need to leapfrog the competition. I support action against this kind of unfair Chi-nese trade and investment practice, and I was glad to hear that serious talks with China might start soon. As we go into these talks, we need to be clear about our objectives and clear about what we are looking for as Amer-icans. Is it just trying to address the trade deficit and have them try to buy more of our exports, like soybeans or LNG—liquefied natural gas—or is it asking China to make some changes structurally so that we can have a more fair trading relationship as two mature trading partners? We also need to be sure, as we make clear our objec-tives, that we don’t continue to raise tariffs without having these negotia-tions and direct talks. My biggest concern is the adminis-tration’s broad use of a powerful na-tional security tool known as section 232. Section 232 comes from a trade act that was passed back in 1962 that was intended to be used purely for national security purposes. Thus, it has been in-voked only rarely, only a few times, the last being in 1986, 32 years ago. Sec-tion 232 is really an exception to our trade laws because you neither have to show injury to a domestic industry nor any surge or unfair trade with regard to the targeted imports, as you would under these other trade laws. In other words, under the other laws, you have to show that there is material injury to a domestic company or that there is a surge coming in of imports or often that there actually is unfair trade, like the dumping we talked about earlier— selling below cost or subsidizing ille-gally. You don’t have to show that under section 232. One reason it has hardly ever been used is precisely because it doesn’t re-quire any negative impact or unfair in-fluence or unfair trade. This means that when we use this tool, if it is not used for national security reasons, other countries are likely to respond in kind, simply putting tariffs on our ex-ports for no reason. That is exactly what is happening. Using section 232, we put a 25-percent tariff on steel and 10 percent on alu-minum imports from nearly every country in the world across the board, most of which are our allies. The only exemptions are Argentina, Brazil, Aus-tralia, and South Korea. We negotiated quotas with them. For all the other countries in the world, we have these tariffs in place, including our close ally Canada, for example. They are a stal-wart ally. They have had troops in Iraq with us. They had troops in Afghani-stan with us. They are a good neighbor. They are Ohio’s biggest trading partner and No. 1 export destination for the workers and farmers I represent. As a country, we actually send more steel to them than they send to us. Remember, this is about steel and aluminum na-tional security tariffs. We actually ex-port more steel to them than they send to us, but they are targeted by this sec-tion 232 as a national security threat for steel. They have responded, as you would expect, with tariffs of their own on our exports—all kinds of exports across the board. According to one publication, Business Insider, Ohio is their No. 1 targeted State. That is the State I rep-resent. They slapped tariffs on Ohio workers and farmers of more than $1.7 billion. Now let’s back up for a second and talk about steel and aluminum. Is there an issue with unfair imports? Yes, there is, I think, particularly with regard to steel. We have a global glut of steel, and China is the reason. About 15 years ago, China had about 15 percent of the global production of steel. Today, they have about 50 per-cent of the global production of steel, and they don’t need it, so they are sub-sidizing it, and they are sending it out below its cost, which, again, is called dumping. That is why we have been using our other trade laws to go after these unfair exports, and we need to do more of that to stop the trans-shipments, where they send the prod-uct to another country and then proc-ess it and then send it to us. For certain countries and certain products, I believe there is a national security issue with steel. An example of that is electrical steel—something that is critical to our electric grid. Electrical steel is something we abso-lutely need. Yet there is only one U.S. manufacturer left of electrical steel. Imports have increased in the last year alone by about 100 percent. This is an example of how I believe section 232 could be used in a very targeted way that relates directly to our national se-curity. Again, we have other trade enforce-ment tools at our disposal, including the Level the Playing Field Act we talked about and the ENFORCE Act. We went after countries that subsidize or dump their products. These are more precise tools to hold our trading part-ners accountable that should be strengthened and used before section 232, where appropriate. Misusing the 232 statute and its na-tional security rationale not only leads to other countries increasing tariffs on all our exports to them, but it also risks the World Trade Organization stepping in and our actually losing what I think is an important national security tool. In other words, by mis-using this, my fear is that we will be taken to the WTO by other countries. It has already happened. They have filed cases again us. The WTO could in-deed rule—which they never have be-fore—that we cannot use 232 in the way we have and take away that tool. That would be a big problem because I think it is a tool we should have in our tool-box. I believe we run an even greater risk of losing this tool when the adminis-tration suggests that imports of cars 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.080 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5567 August 1, 2018 
threaten our national security. That is the most recent case that is now work-ing through the system. I want to see more cars made in America, but tariffs like the Commerce Department is sug-gesting would make it even more ex-pensive to make a car here. We are told by the auto industry—and the big 3 automakers oppose this 232 on auto-mobiles—we are told it would increase the cost of a car by about $2,000. That is why I believe we have to re-form the section 232 statute and ensure that any 232 actions are based on a le-gitimate national security justifica-tion and that Congress has a larger role to play in its oversight. A few hours ago, my colleagues, Senators D
OUGJONES and J ONIERNST , and I in-troduced bipartisan legislation that would help do just that. Our bipartisan bill, called the Trade Security Act, will reform section 232 to better align the statute with its original intent. First, it ensures that proper experts in government determine at the outset whether there is a national security threat. Our bill requires the Depart-ment of Defense, not the Secretary of Commerce, to assess the potential threat posed by imports of certain products to justify the national secu-rity basis for new tariffs under section 232. If the Department of Defense says a threat is found, the Department of Defense would send its report to the President. The President would then direct the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with Congress, the Sec-retary of Defense, and USTR, to de-velop recommendations for how to re-spond to the threat. After receiving the remedy recommendations from the Secretary of Commerce, the President would then decide whether to take ac-tion. So it creates a two-step process. The first step is determining whether there is a national security threat, done by the appropriate office and the appro-priate experts in the Federal Govern-ment, and then the second step would be the Commerce Department coming up with the remedy, as opposed to now, where the Commerce Department makes that national security rec-ommendation. The bill will also expand the role of Congress by giving Congress the oppor-tunity to disapprove of 232 action by passing a joint resolution. Currently, Congress can disapprove of section 232 actions through a joint resolution but only when it results in something cov-ering oil or petroleum products. So it is interesting—under the current 232 statute, the disapproval process works but only as to oil or other petroleum products. Our bill, the Trade Security Act, which we introduced today, would ex-pand that process to include all prod-ucts. By the way, the oil and petroleum production exception is a vestige from the last time section 232 was used, about 40 years ago, because it was used with regard to oil from Libya and from Iran. Misusing our trade tools not only hurts our exporters, workers, and farm-ers, but also our consumers. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation to increase congres-sional oversight on one of our most im-portant national security tools. When he signed the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 into law, which included section 232, President Kennedy said: This act recognizes, fully and completely, that we cannot protect our economy by stag-nating behind tariff walls, but that the best protection possible is a mutual lowering of tariff barriers among friendly nations so that all may benefit from a free flow of goods. Increased economic activity resulting from increased trade will provide more job opportunities for our workers. 
So that was the context within which section 232 was passed—in other words, saying we don’t want to put up more barriers. We want trade to be fair and reciprocal. Neither the President nor the Congress intended that section 232 would be used to put up more barriers. The Senate Finance Committee chair-man in the Congress who passed this legislation said that in order for sec-tion 232 to apply, ‘‘the products must be involved in our national security.’’ Whether it is the President or wheth-er it is the Congress, the intent was clearly to tie this closely to national security. Let’s restore this powerful and im-portant tool to Congress’ original in-tentions when it crafted the law and ensure that section 232 is used appro-priately for national security purposes. This legislation will help to guide our trade policy and ensure that we keep national security and trade issues sepa-rate. The strength of America’s econ-omy comes from hard-working and in-novative Americans in our shops, plants, and farms across this country that send products around the globe. We want more of that. They deserve a level playing field and the chance to compete. Let’s be sure our trade policy gives them that and not escalating tariffs for their exports and higher costs for their families. Let’s find that right balance, including restoring an important na-tional security tool by not misusing it. I urge my colleagues to join us in support of the Trade Security Act to help do just that. I yield back my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNITED STATES-ISRAEL SECURITY ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 519, S. 2497. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2497) to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improvements to cer-tain defense and security assistance provi-sions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amend-ment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States-Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Appropriate congressional committees defined. TITLE I—SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL Sec. 101. Findings. Sec. 102. Statement of policy regarding Israel’s defense systems. Sec. 103. Assistance for Israel. Sec. 104. Extension of war reserves stockpile au-thority. Sec. 105. Extension of loan guarantees to Israel. Sec. 106. Joint assessment of quantity of preci-sion guided munitions for use by Israel. Sec. 107. Transfer of precision guided munitions to Israel. Sec. 108. Modification of rapid acquisition and deployment procedures. Sec. 109. Eligibility of Israel for the strategic trade authorization exception to certain export control licensing requirements. TITLE II—ENHANCED UNITED STATES- ISRAEL COOPERATION Sec. 201. United States-Israel space coopera-tion. Sec. 202. United States Agency for Inter-national Development-Israel en-hanced partnership for develop-ment cooperation in developing nations. Sec. 203. Authority to enter into a cooperative project agreement with Israel to counter unmanned aerial vehicles that threaten the United States or Israel. TITLE III—ENSURING ISRAEL’S QUALITATIVE MILITARY EDGE Sec. 301. Statement of policy. 
SEC. 2. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-TEES DEFINED. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. TITLE I—SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL 
SEC. 101. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) In February 1987, the United States grant-ed Israel major non-NATO ally status. (2) On August 16, 2007, the United States and Israel signed a ten-year Memorandum of Under-standing on United States military assistance to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.081 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5568 August 1, 2018 
Israel. The total assistance over the course of this understanding would equal $30,000,000,000. (3) On July 27, 2012, the United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–150; 22 U.S.C. 8601 et seq.) de-clared it to be the policy of the United States ‘‘to help the Government of Israel preserve its qualitative military edge amid rapid and uncer-tain regional political transformation’’ and stat-ed the sense of Congress that the United States Government should ‘‘provide the Government of Israel defense articles and defense services through such mechanisms as appropriate, to in-clude air refueling tankers, missile defense capa-bilities, and specialized munitions’’. (4) On December 19, 2014, President Barack Obama signed into law the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296) which stated the sense of Congress that Israel is a major strategic partner of the United States and declared it to be the policy of the United States ‘‘to continue to provide Israel with robust security assistance, including for the procurement of the Iron Dome Missile De-fense System’’. (5) Section 1679 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1135) authorized funds to be ap-propriated for Israeli cooperative missile defense program codevelopment and coproduction, in-cluding funds to be provided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling weapon system as well as the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Inter-ceptor Program. (6) On September 14, 2016, the United States and Israel signed a ten-year Memorandum of Understanding reaffirming the importance of continuing annual United States military assist-ance to Israel and cooperative missile defense programs in a way that enhances Israel’s secu-rity and strengthens the bilateral relationship between the two countries. (7) The 2016 Memorandum of Understanding reflected United States support of Foreign Mili-tary Financing (FMF) grant assistance to Israel over the ten year period beginning in fiscal year 2019 and ending in fiscal year 2028. FMF grant assistance would be at a level of $3,300,000,000 annually, totaling $33,000,000,000, the largest single pledge of military assistance ever and a reiteration of the seven-decade, unshakeable, bi-partisan commitment of the United States to Israel’s security. (8) The Memorandum of Understanding also reflected United States support for funding for cooperative programs to develop, produce, and procure missile, rocket, and projectile defense capabilities over a ten year period beginning in fiscal year 2019 and ending in fiscal year 2028 at a level of $500,000,000 per year, totaling $5,000,000,000. 
SEC. 102. STATEMENT OF POLICY REGARDING ISRAEL’S DEFENSE SYSTEMS. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to provide assistance to the Government of Israel in order to support funding for cooperative pro-grams to develop, produce, and procure missile, rocket, projectile, and other defense capabilities to help Israel meet its security needs and to help develop and enhance United States defense ca-pabilities. 
SEC. 103. ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  I
SRAEL .—Section 513(c) of the Security Assist-ance Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–280; 114 Stat. 856) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2002 and 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027, and 2028’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘equal to—’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $3,300,000,000.’’; and (B) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
SEC. 104. EXTENSION OF WAR RESERVES STOCK-PILE AUTHORITY. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS  A
CT, 2005.—Section 12001(d) of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 1011) is amended by striking ‘‘after September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘after September 30, 2023’’. (b) FOREIGN ASSISTANCE ACT OF 1961.—Section 514(b)(2)(A) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321h(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023.’’. 
SEC. 105. EXTENSION OF LOAN GUARANTEES TO ISRAEL. 
Chapter 5 of title I of the Emergency Wartime Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2003 (Public Law 108–11; 117 Stat. 576) is amended under the heading ‘‘L
OANGUARANTEES TO ISRAEL ’’— (1) in the matter preceding the first proviso, by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’; and (2) in the second proviso, by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. 
SEC. 106. JOINT ASSESSMENT OF QUANTITY OF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS FOR USE BY ISRAEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President, acting through the Secretary of State and the Sec-retary of Defense, is authorized to conduct a joint assessment with the Government of Israel with respect to the matters described in sub-section (b). (b) M
ATTERS DESCRIBED .—The matters de-scribed in this subsection are the following: (1) The quantity and type of precision guided munitions that are necessary for Israel to com-bat Hezbollah in the event of a sustained armed confrontation between Israel and Hezbollah. (2) The quantity and type of precision guided munitions that are necessary for Israel in the event of a sustained armed confrontation with other armed groups and terrorist organizations such as Hamas. (3) The resources the Government of Israel can plan to dedicate to acquire such precision guided munitions. (4) United States plans to assist Israel to pre-pare for sustained armed confrontations de-scribed in this subsection as well as the ability of the United States to resupply Israel with pre-cision guided munitions in the event of con-frontations described in paragraphs (1) and (2), if any. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after the date on which the joint assessment author-ized under subsection (a) is completed, the President shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report that contains the joint assessment. (2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 107. TRANSFER OF PRECISION GUIDED MU-NITIONS TO ISRAEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 514 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321h), the President is authorized to sell such quantities of precision guided munitions from reserve stocks to Israel as necessary for legiti-mate self-defense and otherwise consistent with the purposes and conditions for such sales under the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.). (b) C
ERTIFICATIONS .—Except in case of emer-gency, not later than 5 days before making a sale under this section, the President shall cer-tify in an unclassified notification to the appro-priate congressional committees that the sale of the precision guided munitions— (1) does not affect the ability of the United States to maintain a sufficient supply of preci-sion guided munitions; (2) does not harm the combat readiness of the United States or the ability of the United States to meet its commitment to allies for the transfer of such munitions; and (3) is necessary for Israel to counter the threat of rockets in a timely fashion. SEC. 108. MODIFICATION OF RAPID ACQUISITION AND DEPLOYMENT PROCEDURES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH PROCE-
DURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 806(a) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note; Public Law 107–314) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘; and’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) urgently needed to support production of precision guided munitions— ‘‘(A) for United States counterterrorism mis-sions; or ‘‘(B) to assist an ally of the United States under direct missile threat from— ‘‘(i) an organization the Secretary of State has designated as a foreign terrorist organiza-tion pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or ‘‘(ii) a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)) (as in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Pow-ers Act), section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), or any other provision of law, is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism.’’. (2) P
RESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe procedures for the rapid acquisition and deploy-ment of supplies and associated support services for purposes described in paragraph (3) of sec-tion 806(a) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003, as added by paragraph (1)(A) of this subsection. (b) U
SE OF AMOUNTS IN SPECIAL DEFENSE AC-
QUISITION FUND.—Section 114(c)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting be-fore the period at the end the following: ‘‘or to assist an ally of the United States that is under direct missile threat, including from a terrorist organization supported by Iran, and such threat adversely affects the safety and security of such ally’’. 
SEC. 109. ELIGIBILITY OF ISRAEL FOR THE STRA-TEGIC TRADE AUTHORIZATION EX-CEPTION TO CERTAIN EXPORT CON-TROL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Israel has adopted high standards in the field of export controls. (2) Israel has declared its unilateral adherence to the Missile Technology Control Regime, the Australia Group, and the Nuclear Suppliers Group. (3) Israel is a party to— (A) the Convention on Prohibitions or Restric-tions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weap-ons which may be Deemed to be Excessively In-jurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, signed at Geneva October 10, 1980; (B) the Protocol for the Prohibition of the Use in War of Asphyxiating, Poisonous or Other Gases, and of Bacteriological Methods of War-fare, signed at Geneva June 17, 1925; and (C) the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, adopted at Vienna October 26, 1979. (4) Section 6(b) of the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8603 note) directs the President, consistent with the commitments of the United States under inter-national agreements, to take steps so that Israel may be included in the list of countries eligible for the strategic trade authorization exception under section 740.20(c)(1) of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, to the requirement for a li-cense for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of an item subject to controls under the Export Administration Regulations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.061 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5569 August 1, 2018 
(b) R EPORT ON ELIGIBILITY FOR STRATEGIC  T
RADE AUTHORIZATION EXCEPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report that— (A) describes the steps taken to include Israel in the list of countries eligible for the strategic trade authorization exception as required under 6(b) of the United States-Israel Strategic Part-nership Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8603 note; Public Law 113–296); and (B) includes what steps are necessary for Israel to be included in such a list of countries eligible for the strategic trade authorization ex-ception. (2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. TITLE II—ENHANCED UNITED STATES- ISRAEL COOPERATION 
SEC. 201. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL SPACE CO-OPERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Authorized in 1958, the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration (NASA) sup-ports and coordinates United States Government research in aeronautics, human exploration and operations, science, and space technology. (2) Established in 1983, the Israel Space Agen-cy (ISA) supports the growth of Israel’s space industry by supporting academic research, tech-nological innovation, and educational activities. (3) The mutual interest of the United States and Israel in space exploration affords both na-tions an opportunity to leverage their unique abilities to advance scientific discovery. (4) In 1996, NASA and the ISA entered into an agreement outlining areas of mutual coopera-tion, which remained in force until 2005. (5) Since 1996, NASA and the ISA have suc-cessfully cooperated on many space programs supporting the Global Positioning System and research related to the sun, earth science, and the environment. (6) The bond between NASA and the ISA was permanently forged on February 1, 2003, with the loss of the crew of STS–107, including Israeli Astronaut Ilan Ramon. (7) On October 13, 2015, the United States and Israel signed the Framework Agreement between the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration of the United States of America and the Israel Space Agency for Cooperation in Aero-nautics and the Exploration and Use of Air-space and Outer Space for Peaceful Purposes. (b) C
ONTINUING COOPERATION .—The Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall continue to work with the Israel Space Agency to identify and coopera-tively pursue peaceful space exploration and science initiatives in areas of mutual interest, taking all appropriate measures to protect sen-sitive information, intellectual property, trade secrets, and economic interests of the United States. 
SEC. 202. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT-ISRAEL ENHANCED PARTNERSHIP FOR DE-VELOPMENT COOPERATION IN DE-VELOPING NATIONS. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It should be the policy of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID) to partner with Israel in order to advance common goals across a wide variety of sectors, including energy, agri-culture and food security, democracy, human rights and governance, economic growth and trade, education, environment, global health, and water and sanitation. (b) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development is authorized to enter into memoranda of understanding with Israel in order to enhance coordination on ad-vancing common goals on energy, agriculture and food security, democracy, human rights and governance, economic growth and trade, edu-cation, environment, global health, and water and sanitation with a focus on strengthening mutual ties and cooperation with nations throughout the world. SEC. 203. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO A COOPER-ATIVE PROJECT AGREEMENT WITH ISRAEL TO COUNTER UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES THAT THREATEN THE UNITED STATES OR ISRAEL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) On February 10, 2018, Iran launched from Syria an unmanned aerial vehicle (commonly known as a ‘‘drone’’) that penetrated Israeli airspace. (2) According to a press report, the unmanned aerial vehicle was in Israeli airspace for a minute and a half before being shot down by its air force. (3) Senior Israeli officials stated that the un-manned aerial vehicle was an advanced piece of technology. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) joint research and development to counter unmanned aerial vehicles will serve the national security interests of the United States and Israel; (2) Israel faces urgent and emerging threats from unmanned aerial vehicles, and other un-manned vehicles, launched from Lebanon by Hezbollah, from Syria by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, or from others seeking to attack Israel; (3) efforts to counter unmanned aerial vehi-cles should include the feasibility of utilizing di-rected energy and high powered microwave technologies, which can disable vehicles without kinetic destruction; and (4) the United States and Israel should con-tinue to work together to defend against all threats to the safety, security, and national in-terests of both countries. (c) A
UTHORITY TO ENTER INTOAGREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President is authorized to enter into a cooperative project agreement with Israel under the authority of section 27 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2767), to carry out research on, and development, testing, evaluation, and joint production (including fol-low-on support) of, defense articles and defense services, such as the use of directed energy or high powered microwave technology, to detect, track, and destroy unmanned aerial vehicles that threaten the United States or Israel. (2) A
PPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS .—The coopera-tive project agreement described in paragraph (1) shall— (A) provide that any activities carried out pursuant to the agreement are subject to— (i) the applicable requirements described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 27(b)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2767(b)(2)); and (ii) any other applicable requirements of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) with respect to the use, transfers, and security of such defense articles and defense services under that Act; (B) establish a framework to negotiate the rights to intellectual property developed under the agreement; and (C) include appropriate protections for sen-sitive technology. TITLE III—ENSURING ISRAEL’S QUALITATIVE MILITARY EDGE 
SEC. 301. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to ensure that Israel maintains its ability to counter and defeat any credible conventional military, or emerging, threat from any individual state or possible coalition of states or from non-state ac-tors, while sustaining minimal damages and cas-ualties, through the use of superior military means, possessed in sufficient quantity, includ-ing weapons, command, control, communica-tion, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance capabilities that in their technical charac-teristics are superior in capability to those of such other individual or possible coalition states or non-state actors. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I am a strong supporter of Israel. They remain one of our staunchest allies, and we must support them. However, the Israelis have called for a curtailment of U.S. aid for more than 20 years in order to ensure their own military and economic independence. In 2013, Naftali Bennet, who was then serving as Israel’s Minister of Econom-ics and as the leader of the Home Party said, ‘‘Today, U.S. military aid is roughly 1 percent of Israel’s economy. I think, generally, we need to free our-selves from it. We have to do it respon-sibly . . . but our situation today is very different from what it was 20 and 30 years ago.’’ Additionally, on July 10, 1996, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said before a Joint Session of Congress, ‘‘I believe we can now say that Israel has reached childhood’s end, that it has matured enough to begin approaching a state of self-reliance ....  W e  are going to achieve economic independ-ence [from the United States].’’ Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Rubio amendment at the desk be agreed to, the committee-reported amendment, as amended, be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3690) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To make improvements to the bill) On page 29, after line 26, add the following: (5) The current United States inventory of the precision guided munitions described in paragraphs (1) and (2), and an assessment whether such inventory meets the United States total munitions requirement. On page 31, strike line 20 and insert ‘‘at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and’’. On page 40, after line 21, add the following: (d) R
EPORT ON COOPERATION .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees (as that term is defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code), the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report describing the cooperation of the United States with Israel with respect to countering unmanned aerial systems that includes each of the following: (A) An identification of specific capability gaps of the United States and Israel with re-spect to countering unmanned aerial sys-tems. (B) An identification of cooperative projects that would address those capability gaps and mutually benefit and strengthen the security of the United States and Israel. (C) An assessment of the projected cost for research and development efforts for such co-operative projects, including an identifica-tion of those to be conducted in the United States, and the timeline for the completion of each such project. (D) An assessment of the extent to which the capability gaps of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.061 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5570 August 1, 2018 
identified pursuant to subparagraph (A) are not likely to be addressed through the coop-erative projects identified pursuant to sub-paragraph (B). (E) An assessment of the projected costs for procurement and fielding of any capabili-ties developed jointly pursuant to an agree-ment described in subsection (c). (2) L
IMITATION .—No activities may be con-ducted pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (c) until the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report required under paragraph (1). 
The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 2497), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S. 2497 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States-Israel Security Assist-ance Authorization Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Appropriate congressional commit-tees defined. TITLE I—SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL Sec. 101. Findings. Sec. 102. Statement of policy regarding Israel’s defense systems. Sec. 103. Assistance for Israel. Sec. 104. Extension of war reserves stockpile authority. Sec. 105. Extension of loan guarantees to Israel. Sec. 106. Joint assessment of quantity of precision guided munitions for use by Israel. Sec. 107. Transfer of precision guided muni-tions to Israel. Sec. 108. Modification of rapid acquisition and deployment procedures. Sec. 109. Eligibility of Israel for the stra-tegic trade authorization excep-tion to certain export control licensing requirements. TITLE II—ENHANCED UNITED STATES- ISRAEL COOPERATION Sec. 201. United States-Israel space coopera-tion. Sec. 202. United States Agency for Inter-national Development-Israel enhanced partnership for devel-opment cooperation in devel-oping nations. Sec. 203. Authority to enter into a coopera-tive project agreement with Israel to counter unmanned aerial vehicles that threaten the United States or Israel. TITLE III—ENSURING ISRAEL’S QUALITATIVE MILITARY EDGE Sec. 301. Statement of policy. 
SEC. 2. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-TEES DEFINED. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. TITLE I—SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL SEC. 101. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) In February 1987, the United States granted Israel major non-NATO ally status. (2) On August 16, 2007, the United States and Israel signed a ten-year Memorandum of Understanding on United States military as-sistance to Israel. The total assistance over the course of this understanding would equal $30,000,000,000. (3) On July 27, 2012, the United States- Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–150; 22 U.S.C. 8601 et seq.) declared it to be the policy of the United States ‘‘to help the Government of Israel preserve its qualitative military edge amid rapid and uncertain regional political transformation’’ and stated the sense of Con-gress that the United States Government should ‘‘provide the Government of Israel de-fense articles and defense services through such mechanisms as appropriate, to include air refueling tankers, missile defense capa-bilities, and specialized munitions’’. (4) On December 19, 2014, President Barack Obama signed into law the United States- Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296) which stated the sense of Congress that Israel is a major strategic partner of the United States and declared it to be the policy of the United States ‘‘to con-tinue to provide Israel with robust security assistance, including for the procurement of the Iron Dome Missile Defense System’’. (5) Section 1679 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1135) authorized funds to be appropriated for Israeli cooperative missile defense program codevelopment and coproduction, including funds to be provided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling weapon system as well as the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program. (6) On September 14, 2016, the United States and Israel signed a ten-year Memo-randum of Understanding reaffirming the importance of continuing annual United States military assistance to Israel and co-operative missile defense programs in a way that enhances Israel’s security and strength-ens the bilateral relationship between the two countries. (7) The 2016 Memorandum of Understanding reflected United States support of Foreign Military Financing (FMF) grant assistance to Israel over the ten year period beginning in fiscal year 2019 and ending in fiscal year 2028. FMF grant assistance would be at a level of $3,300,000,000 annually, totaling $33,000,000,000, the largest single pledge of military assistance ever and a reiteration of the seven-decade, unshakeable, bipartisan commitment of the United States to Israel’s security. (8) The Memorandum of Understanding also reflected United States support for fund-ing for cooperative programs to develop, produce, and procure missile, rocket, and projectile defense capabilities over a ten year period beginning in fiscal year 2019 and ending in fiscal year 2028 at a level of $500,000,000 per year, totaling $5,000,000,000. 
SEC. 102. STATEMENT OF POLICY REGARDING ISRAEL’S DEFENSE SYSTEMS. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to provide assistance to the Government of Israel in order to support funding for cooper-ative programs to develop, produce, and pro-cure missile, rocket, projectile, and other de-fense capabilities to help Israel meet its se-curity needs and to help develop and enhance United States defense capabilities. SEC. 103. ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  I
SRAEL .—Section 513(c) of the Security As-sistance Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–280; 114 Stat. 856) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2002 and 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027, and 2028’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘equal to—’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $3,300,000,000.’’; and (B) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
SEC. 104. EXTENSION OF WAR RESERVES STOCK-PILE AUTHORITY. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIA -
TIONS ACT, 2005.—Section 12001(d) of the De-partment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 1011) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘after September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘after September 30, 2023’’. (b) F
OREIGN ASSISTANCE ACT OF 1961.—Sec- tion 514(b)(2)(A) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321h(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023.’’. 
SEC. 105. EXTENSION OF LOAN GUARANTEES TO ISRAEL. 
Chapter 5 of title I of the Emergency War-time Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2003 (Public Law 108–11; 117 Stat. 576) is amended under the heading ‘‘L
OAN GUARANTEES TO  I
SRAEL ’’— (1) in the matter preceding the first pro-viso, by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’; and (2) in the second proviso, by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. 
SEC. 106. JOINT ASSESSMENT OF QUANTITY OF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS FOR USE BY ISRAEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President, acting through the Secretary of State and the Sec-retary of Defense, is authorized to conduct a joint assessment with the Government of Israel with respect to the matters described in subsection (b). (b) M
ATTERS DESCRIBED .—The matters de-scribed in this subsection are the following: (1) The quantity and type of precision guid-ed munitions that are necessary for Israel to combat Hezbollah in the event of a sustained armed confrontation between Israel and Hezbollah. (2) The quantity and type of precision guid-ed munitions that are necessary for Israel in the event of a sustained armed confrontation with other armed groups and terrorist orga-nizations such as Hamas. (3) The resources the Government of Israel can plan to dedicate to acquire such preci-sion guided munitions. (4) United States plans to assist Israel to prepare for sustained armed confrontations described in this subsection as well as the ability of the United States to resupply Israel with precision guided munitions in the event of confrontations described in para-graphs (1) and (2), if any. (5) The current United States inventory of the precision guided munitions described in paragraphs (1) and (2), and an assessment whether such inventory meets the United States total munitions requirement. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after the date on which the joint assessment authorized under subsection (a) is completed, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that contains the joint assessment. (2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.056 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5571 August 1, 2018 
SEC. 107. TRANSFER OF PRECISION GUIDED MU-NITIONS TO ISRAEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 514 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321h), the President is authorized to sell such quantities of precision guided mu-nitions from reserve stocks to Israel as nec-essary for legitimate self-defense and other-wise consistent with the purposes and condi-tions for such sales under the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.). (b) C
ERTIFICATIONS .—Except in case of emergency, not later than 5 days before making a sale under this section, the Presi-dent shall certify in an unclassified notifica-tion to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that the sale of the precision guided munitions— (1) does not affect the ability of the United States to maintain a sufficient supply of pre-cision guided munitions; (2) does not harm the combat readiness of the United States or the ability of the United States to meet its commitment to al-lies for the transfer of such munitions; and (3) is necessary for Israel to counter the threat of rockets in a timely fashion. 
SEC. 108. MODIFICATION OF RAPID ACQUISITION AND DEPLOYMENT PROCEDURES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH PROCE -
DURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 806(a) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note; Pub-lic Law 107–314) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘; and’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) urgently needed to support production of precision guided munitions— ‘‘(A) for United States counterterrorism missions; or ‘‘(B) to assist an ally of the United States under direct missile threat from— ‘‘(i) an organization the Secretary of State has designated as a foreign terrorist organi-zation pursuant to section 219 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or ‘‘(ii) a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Export Admin-istration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)) (as in effect pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act), section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), or any other provision of law, is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism.’’. (2) P
RESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall prescribe procedures for the rapid acquisition and deployment of supplies and associated support services for purposes de-scribed in paragraph (3) of section 806(a) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2003, as added by paragraph (1)(A) of this subsection. (b) U
SE OF AMOUNTS IN SPECIAL DEFENSE  A
CQUISITION FUND.—Section 114(c)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘or to assist an ally of the United States that is under direct missile threat, in-cluding from a terrorist organization sup-ported by Iran, and such threat adversely af-fects the safety and security of such ally’’. 
SEC. 109. ELIGIBILITY OF ISRAEL FOR THE STRA-TEGIC TRADE AUTHORIZATION EX-CEPTION TO CERTAIN EXPORT CON-TROL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Israel has adopted high standards in the field of export controls. (2) Israel has declared its unilateral adher-ence to the Missile Technology Control Re-gime, the Australia Group, and the Nuclear Suppliers Group. (3) Israel is a party to— (A) the Convention on Prohibitions or Re-strictions on the Use of Certain Conven-tional Weapons which may be Deemed to be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscrimi-nate Effects, signed at Geneva October 10, 1980; (B) the Protocol for the Prohibition of the Use in War of Asphyxiating, Poisonous or Other Gases, and of Bacteriological Methods of Warfare, signed at Geneva June 17, 1925; and (C) the Convention on the Physical Protec-tion of Nuclear Material, adopted at Vienna October 26, 1979. (4) Section 6(b) of the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8603 note) directs the President, consistent with the commitments of the United States under international agreements, to take steps so that Israel may be included in the list of countries eligible for the strategic trade authorization exception under section 740.20(c)(1) of title 15, Code of Federal Regu-lations, to the requirement for a license for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of an item subject to controls under the Ex-port Administration Regulations. (b) REPORT ON ELIGIBILITY FOR STRATEGIC  T
RADE AUTHORIZATION EXCEPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that— (A) describes the steps taken to include Israel in the list of countries eligible for the strategic trade authorization exception as required under 6(b) of the United States- Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8603 note; Public Law 113–296); and (B) includes what steps are necessary for Israel to be included in such a list of coun-tries eligible for the strategic trade author-ization exception. (2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. TITLE II—ENHANCED UNITED STATES- ISRAEL COOPERATION 
SEC. 201. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL SPACE CO-OPERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Authorized in 1958, the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration (NASA) supports and coordinates United States Gov-ernment research in aeronautics, human ex-ploration and operations, science, and space technology. (2) Established in 1983, the Israel Space Agency (ISA) supports the growth of Israel’s space industry by supporting academic re-search, technological innovation, and edu-cational activities. (3) The mutual interest of the United States and Israel in space exploration affords both nations an opportunity to leverage their unique abilities to advance scientific discovery. (4) In 1996, NASA and the ISA entered into an agreement outlining areas of mutual co-operation, which remained in force until 2005. (5) Since 1996, NASA and the ISA have suc-cessfully cooperated on many space pro-grams supporting the Global Positioning System and research related to the sun, earth science, and the environment. (6) The bond between NASA and the ISA was permanently forged on February 1, 2003, with the loss of the crew of STS–107, includ-ing Israeli Astronaut Ilan Ramon. (7) On October 13, 2015, the United States and Israel signed the Framework Agreement between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States of America and the Israel Space Agency for Co-operation in Aeronautics and the Explo-ration and Use of Airspace and Outer Space for Peaceful Purposes. (b) CONTINUING COOPERATION .—The Admin-istrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall continue to work with the Israel Space Agency to identify and cooperatively pursue peaceful space explo-ration and science initiatives in areas of mu-tual interest, taking all appropriate meas-ures to protect sensitive information, intel-lectual property, trade secrets, and economic interests of the United States. 
SEC. 202. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT-ISRAEL ENHANCED PARTNERSHIP FOR DE-VELOPMENT COOPERATION IN DE-VELOPING NATIONS. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It should be the policy of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID) to partner with Israel in order to advance common goals across a wide variety of sectors, includ-ing energy, agriculture and food security, de-mocracy, human rights and governance, eco-nomic growth and trade, education, environ-ment, global health, and water and sanita-tion. (b) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development is authorized to enter into memoranda of understanding with Israel in order to enhance coordination on advancing common goals on energy, agri-culture and food security, democracy, human rights and governance, economic growth and trade, education, environment, global health, and water and sanitation with a focus on strengthening mutual ties and co-operation with nations throughout the world. 
SEC. 203. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO A COOPER-ATIVE PROJECT AGREEMENT WITH ISRAEL TO COUNTER UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES THAT THREATEN THE UNITED STATES OR ISRAEL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) On February 10, 2018, Iran launched from Syria an unmanned aerial vehicle (com-monly known as a ‘‘drone’’) that penetrated Israeli airspace. (2) According to a press report, the un-manned aerial vehicle was in Israeli airspace for a minute and a half before being shot down by its air force. (3) Senior Israeli officials stated that the unmanned aerial vehicle was an advanced piece of technology. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) joint research and development to counter unmanned aerial vehicles will serve the national security interests of the United States and Israel; (2) Israel faces urgent and emerging threats from unmanned aerial vehicles, and other unmanned vehicles, launched from Lebanon by Hezbollah, from Syria by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, or from others seeking to attack Israel; (3) efforts to counter unmanned aerial ve-hicles should include the feasibility of uti-lizing directed energy and high powered microwave technologies, which can disable vehicles without kinetic destruction; and (4) the United States and Israel should con-tinue to work together to defend against all threats to the safety, security, and national interests of both countries. (c) A
UTHORITY TOENTER INTO AGREE -
MENT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.060 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5572 August 1, 2018 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President is author-ized to enter into a cooperative project agreement with Israel under the authority of section 27 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2767), to carry out research on, and de-velopment, testing, evaluation, and joint production (including follow-on support) of, defense articles and defense services, such as the use of directed energy or high powered microwave technology, to detect, track, and destroy unmanned aerial vehicles that threaten the United States or Israel. (2) A
PPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS .—The coop-erative project agreement described in para-graph (1) shall— (A) provide that any activities carried out pursuant to the agreement are subject to— (i) the applicable requirements described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 27(b)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2767(b)(2)); and (ii) any other applicable requirements of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) with respect to the use, transfers, and security of such defense articles and de-fense services under that Act; (B) establish a framework to negotiate the rights to intellectual property developed under the agreement; and (C) include appropriate protections for sen-sitive technology. (d) R
EPORT ON COOPERATION .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees (as that term is defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code), the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report describing the cooperation of the United States with Israel with respect to countering unmanned aerial systems that includes each of the following: (A) An identification of specific capability gaps of the United States and Israel with re-spect to countering unmanned aerial sys-tems. (B) An identification of cooperative projects that would address those capability gaps and mutually benefit and strengthen the security of the United States and Israel. (C) An assessment of the projected cost for research and development efforts for such co-operative projects, including an identifica-tion of those to be conducted in the United States, and the timeline for the completion of each such project. (D) An assessment of the extent to which the capability gaps of the United States identified pursuant to subparagraph (A) are not likely to be addressed through the coop-erative projects identified pursuant to sub-paragraph (B). (E) An assessment of the projected costs for procurement and fielding of any capabili-ties developed jointly pursuant to an agree-ment described in subsection (c). (2) L
IMITATION .—No activities may be con-ducted pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (c) until the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report required under paragraph (1). TITLE III—ENSURING ISRAEL’S QUALITATIVE MILITARY EDGE 
SEC. 301. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to en-sure that Israel maintains its ability to counter and defeat any credible conventional military, or emerging, threat from any indi-vidual state or possible coalition of states or from non-state actors, while sustaining minimal damages and casualties, through the use of superior military means, possessed in sufficient quantity, including weapons, command, control, communication, intel-ligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance ca-pabilities that in their technical characteris-tics are superior in capability to those of such other individual or possible coalition states or non-state actors. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 630, 631, 632, 730, 732, 767. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The bill clerk read the nominations of Emily Coody Marks, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama; Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama; Holly Lou Teeter, of Kansas, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas; Colm F. Connolly, of Dela-ware, to be United States District Judge for the District of Delaware; Maryellen Noreika, of Delaware, to be United States District Judge for the District of Delaware; and Jill Aiko Otake, of Hawaii, to be United States District Judge for the District of Ha-waii. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. GARDNER. I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate vote on the nomi-nations en bloc with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be immediately no-tified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements related to the nomina-tions be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Marks, Beaverstock, Teeter, Connolly, Noreika, and Otake nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the fol-lowing nomination: Executive Calendar No. 697. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Jason Klitenic, of Maryland, to be Gen-eral Counsel of the Office of the Direc-tor of National Intelligence. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. GARDNER. I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate vote on the nomi-nation with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the RECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Klitenic nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILL T. SCOTT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, in the marble halls of the Kentucky State Capitol building in Frankfort, visitors will discover numerous portraits of those who have served our Common-wealth in our highest offices. Depic-tions of Kentucky’s Governors, legisla-tors, and supreme court justices line the halls as memorials to those public servants. On August 7, another portrait will be added, paying tribute to an in-dividual who has served our State and our Nation with distinction. William Thompson Scott, known by his friends as ‘‘Will T.,’’ is a native of Pike County in eastern Kentucky and served as an associate justice on the Kentucky Supreme Court from 2005 to 2015. Known for his humor and conge-nial nature, Justice Scott clearly earned his colleagues’ respect when they elected him to serve a 4-year term as the deputy chief justice. With the esteem of his peers and those he served, Justice Scott’s tenure on the supreme court can be remembered for his posi-tive impact on the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Even before his first election to the high court, Justice Scott actively en-gaged in the service of our Common-wealth and our Nation for much of his life. Interrupting his undergraduate studies at Eastern Kentucky Univer-sity in 1966 to voluntarily enlist in the U.S. Army, he proudly served our Na-tion in Vietnam as a first lieutenant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.060 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5573 August 1, 2018 
and earned the Bronze Star Medal. When he was discharged, he returned to Kentucky and received his bachelor’s degree from Pikeville College before studying law at the University of Miami in Florida. After spending a few years as a trial attorney, Will T. found a way to em-ploy his skills for the good of his neigh-bors and became an assistant Common-wealth’s attorney for Pike County in 1981. A few years later, he was elected as a circuit court judge in Kentucky, beginning what would be his long and distinguished career serving on the bench. When his portrait joins those of other jurists from Kentucky’s past, Justice Scott’s legacy will be enshrined for fu-ture generations to study, interpret, and appreciate. So as Justice Scott’s friends, family, and colleagues gather to honor his career, I would like to ask my Senate colleagues to join me in thanking him for his service to our Na-tion and to the Commonwealth of Ken-tucky. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID BECK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today it is my privilege to recognize a prominent member of Kentucky’s agri-cultural community, David Beck. Dur-ing his four decades with the Kentucky Farm Bureau, KFB, David has been an effective advocate for our farm families and rural communities. Now, after great success with KFB, he has decided to leave the bureau for a new chal-lenge. David has accepted the role of president and CEO of Kentucky Venues, an organization responsible for many of the Commonwealth’s most be-loved traditions like the annual State fair. Graduating from Murray State Uni-versity in Calloway County with a de-gree in agriculture, David set out to dedicate his career to promoting farm communities in Kentucky. Since join-ing KFB in 1977 as a field service direc-tor in Central Kentucky, David has worn a lot of hats within the organiza-tion. Advocating in Frankfort and in Washington and working to implement KFB programs at all levels, he has also done a lot of good. In my work on the Senate Agri-culture Committee, David has provided me with many valuable insights help-ing me better represent Kentucky farm families. Through multiple fly-ins and Farm Bills, we worked closely to de-velop policy to help support our agri-culture communities. I would like to note one important project in par-ticular we collaborated on: the 2004 To-bacco buyout. This landmark legisla-tion not only reoriented our Depres-sion-era Federal tobacco program to-ward the free market, but it also pro-vided much-needed relief to some of the hardest hit farming communities in our State. With David’s assistance, I championed this major legislation and worked with my colleagues in Congress to bring it to the President’s desk. In his role as KFB executive vice president, David has time and again proven his leadership to benefit the or-ganization’s members and farmers throughout the country. Through semi-nars, conferences, and workshops he led with the American Farm Bureau Federation, AFBF, David helped build the farm economy nationwide. One clear measure of his success is the growth in our Nation’s farm commu-nities during David’s time advocating for American agriculture. The AFBF cites a growth of more than 3 million member families across the Nation in the last four decades. He has led a re-markable career and has so much to be proud of. David’s dedication to the Common-wealth has extended beyond the farm, helping families throughout Kentucky thrive. His work with our State’s coun-cil on postsecondary education has helped students gain the skills they need to succeed in the workforce. By serving in leadership roles for the Ken-tuckians for Better Transportation, David helped encourage economic de-velopment with a safe and reliable in-frastructure network. His passion for service runs deep, and David’s experi-ence continues to be an asset to the Commonwealth. On behalf of the many men and women from our home State who have benefited from his leadership, I would like to express our gratitude to David for his career at the KFB. As he leaves the bureau to take the next steps in his career, I wish him the best and look forward to his great accomplishments to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE COLCHESTER CAUSEWAY BIKE FERRY CREW Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Vermont is special in large part because of the dedication and kindness that Vermonters show to neighbors and strangers alike. I would like to recog-nize a few Vermonters in particular who went out of their way to do what needed to be done to save the lives of others. On July 6, a number of boaters became stranded on the water near the Colchester Causeway Bike Ferry while enjoying themselves on Lake Cham-plain. Luckily for those in distress, the crew of the Bike Ferry was nearby, and sprang into action. After quickly rescuing four people, Captain Brian Costello, deckhand and former coastguardsman Frank Malaki, and captain-in-training Richard Schattman were told that there were more people who needed assistance. Be-fore long, all those who had been stranded were safe and sound, with warm clothes, water, and shelter, thanks to the ferry’s crew. Anyone who has enjoyed the beauty of our great Lake Champlain knows that, in bad weather, its calm, rolling waves can quickly turn treacherous. We have always been lucky to have the protection of the Coast Guard on the water in times of emergency, but it should hearten many to hear that there are also professional, courageous, and selfless Vermonters like Captain Costello, Mr. Malaki, and captain-in- training Schattman nearby to lend a hand. I share the pride of the Coast Guard in this lifesaving effort. I ask unani-mous consent that the July 19, 2018, ar-ticle from ‘‘My Champlain Valley’’ en-titled ‘‘Bike-ferry crew recognized by Coast Guard for heroic rescue,’’ which commemorates the bravery of these men, be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From My Champlain Valley, July 19, 2018] B
IKEFERRY CREWRECOGNIZED BY COAST  G
UARD FOR HEROIC RESCUE  (By Devin Bates) S
OUTH HERO, VT.—A crew from the Colchester Causeway Bike Ferry got some special recognition from the U.S. Coast Guard on Thursday for rescuing seven people in Lake Champlain earlier this month. Coast Guard officials were so impressed with the crew’s work that they came down to the causeway to express their gratitude and thank them for their heroic act. The rescue happened the afternoon of July 6. Winds were gusty, reaching 25–30 mph. The ferry crew—Cpt. Brian Costello, former Coast Guardsman and deckhand Frank Malaki and Captain-in-training Richard Schattman—tracked down and rescued four people. Three kayakers—including one in the water—were rescued a short time later. All seven of the boaters were wearing life jackets and were unharmed. The crew gave them warm clothes, shelter from the wind and bottled water. The rescue occurred just days after 41 year-old Eric Plett of Weehawken, New Jer-sey, went missing after falling out of his kayak near Shelburne Point. Plett’s body was recovered several days later after a search by the Coast Guard and state police. ‘‘Any good Vermonter would respond to people in distress, whether it’s on the water or on land, and we happened to be the clos-est,’’ Costello said. ‘‘We also happen to have an experienced and trained crew.’’ While the crew members were modest about their efforts, Sector Commander Brian LeFebvre of the U.S. Coast Guard made sure to give them the recognition they deserved. ‘‘I applaud the crew, their dedication and selfless service to the boating public, and I am truly thankful for the professional sea-manship that you exercised in response to these potentially grave situations,’’ LeFebvre said. ‘‘Bravo Zulu for a job ex-tremely well-done, and thank you very much.’’ LeFebvre urged boaters to be safe out on the lake. ‘‘Anything can happen at any given time when you’re on the water, even when you least expect it,’’ LeFebvre said. ‘‘It’s always important to be wearing your life jacket, es-pecially if you’re on a paddle-craft or in a kayak.’’ f 
DISCLOSURE OF CORPORATE POLITICAL SPENDING Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise today because Senate Republicans have blocked a vote on my amendment, No. 3532. My amendment is really quite simple. It would have struck language in the underlying bill that prohibits 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.057 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5574 August 1, 2018 
the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion from requiring corporations to tell their investors and the public how they spend money in politics. It has been 8 years since the Supreme Court’s Citizens United decision, a de-cision which gave corporations the right to spend unlimited, unchecked, and—more often than not—undisclosed money on our elections. For 8 long years, more and more money has flowed from corporate cof-fers into campaign ads and political ex-penditures, and Republicans have de-fended the dark money poisoning our politics every step of the way. In the 2016 elections alone, outside groups spent more than $1.4 billion, much of it funneled through trade asso-ciations and nonprofits, and much of it undisclosed to the public. This is elementary; shareholders don’t invest in political agendas or candidates. They invest in companies, and they deserve to know whether the corporate executives of those compa-nies are using their money to grow their businesses or to advance political outcomes that are contrary to inves-tors’ values. With no requirement to disclose how this money is being spent, shareholders and the public are left in the dark with no way to know if corporations are spending their money to defund Social Security and Medicare, keep the cost of prescription drugs high, dismantle environmental protections, undermine education programs, or eviscerate rules on Wall Street. This information is material to how shareholders decide to invest their money and vote in corporate elections. Even setting aside the case for this dis-closure as a matter of corporate gov-ernance and investor protection, this issue gets to the very core of our de-mocracy. Corporations can secretly funnel money to organizations that have no requirement to report on their con-tributions, and then the American pub-lic is left with no way of knowing who is advancing what causes. All of this secret cash and dark money undermines the ability of the American people to hold their govern-ment accountable. Disclosing corporate spending in our elections is the least we can do to help ensure that voters and not dollars set the agenda in Washington. That is what Americans want. The Securities and Exchange Commission has received a record 1.2 million com-ments from investors and members of the public in support of requiring cor-porations to disclose how they spend money in politics. Moreover, a May 2018 University of Maryland study found that Americans, both liberal and conservative, over-whelmingly support a constitutional amendment that would overturn Citi-zens United. Seventy-five percent of those surveyed support such an amend-ment. Even more, 88 percent of those surveyed want to reduce the outsized influence of corporations in our poli-tics. But Republicans in the Senate wouldn’t even let us have a vote on this amendment. What was behind their refusal? After passing trillion- dollar tax cuts for big corporations, Republicans are hoping some of that money trickles down into their reelec-tion efforts. The Republican Congress and this President depend upon this in-fluence being kept in the shadows. It makes you wonder, what are they hid-ing? What would happen if the Amer-ican people knew who was really fund-ing their agenda? That is why they slipped this lan-guage into a must-pass spending bill a few years ago, and why they are hold-ing on to it with all of their might today. As long as the American people are kept in the dark, Republicans are better able to hold onto power. That is why just 2 weeks ago, Presi-dent Trump’s Treasury Department an-nounced that it would no longer cer-tain nonprofit organizations that en-gage in political activity to disclose their donors to the IRS. They want to make it easier for big corporations, billionaires, special in-terests—and even illegal foreign money—to influence our elections. They don’t want the American people to know that behind every bill, amend-ment, and Executive order is a cor-porate benefactor. A corporate bene-factor that knows so long as the money keeps flowing, there is someone in Con-gress to do their bidding. They are so afraid of what these dis-closures will reveal that they would not even allow the Senate to vote on my amendment, which does not noth-ing more than restore the status quo allowing the SEC to move forward with a rule-making requiring corporations to disclose how they spend money in politics. The fight is not over. We must re-main steadfast in our commitment to shining a light on dark money in our politics. I will continue pushing to end Republicans’ toxic prohibition on the SEC, which only serves to silence the voices of hard-working American fami-lies in favor of amplifying the speech and magnifying the influence of cor-porations. In our democracy, the size of your wallet should not determine the power of your voice. I urge my colleagues to listen to the American people who have been loud and clear: They want disclo-sure, they want to reduce corporate in-fluence in our politics, and they want this government to work for them. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, a short while ago the Senate passed the final version of the National Defense Au-thorization Act. Here is why I opposed that legislation: It is a national secu-rity bill that weakens our national se-curity. This afternoon I want to dis-cuss why. The Chinese tech company ZTE was revealed not long ago to be a serial sanctions violator. They violated U.S. sanctions against Iran and North Korea, knowingly selling American technology to those countries. For their violations, the Commerce Depart-ment dropped the hammer and hit them with crippling penalties, includ-ing a fine of $1.2 billion. That is until Donald Trump stepped in to save ZTE. With a speed and a focus this admin-istration seems incapable of bringing to any other issue, the President or-dered his team to spring into action to rescue ZTE. He fired off tweets. He made the eyebrow-raising comment that it was a problem that U.S. sanc-tions were hurting jobs in China. His Treasury Secretary virtually apolo-gized for the U.S. having taken action against a serial sanctions violator. This all comes from an administration putting on a show—constantly tough talking—and from a President pre-tending that he puts America first. He sure didn’t in this case. Now there are a few sides of this issue for everybody at home to remem-ber—the national security aspect, as well as the trade and economic aspect. First, I sit on the Senate Intelligence Committee, and a few months ago, the committee held an open hearing with Bill Evanina, the Director of the Na-tional Counterintelligence and Secu-rity Center. He is the point-man for the Trump administration when it comes to questions of counterespionage and counterterror. In response to my ques-tion, he told me that ZTE poses a na-tional security risk to the United States. That was not some outside individual providing testimony. He is not a hear-ing witness chosen by Democrats. Again, that is the person who has led the National Counterintelligence and Security Center since 2014. He says ZTE poses a threat to America, but his boss, the President of the United States, let ZTE off the hook. Here is the second issue: the Trump administration loves to tout what it calls new trade deals, but as far as I can tell, just about the only deal they have cooked up with any teeth, the only one that is actually finished, is this ZTE deal that saved jobs—in China. Colleagues, the President and I don’t agree on much, but one of his favorite talking points that I do agree with is that our country has to do a lot more to stop China from stealing our tech-nology and our jobs, but when you look at this ZTE case, he seems to be giving away our jobs and our security. It is an absolute head-scratcher to me and to a whole lot of other people including Senators on both sides of the aisle. It raised the question are the President’s decisions being guided by something else, something other than American interests? That is because the ZTE deal came right after the Trump family secured valuable trade-marks in China and a Trump project in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.062 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5575 August 1, 2018 
Indonesia got a $500 million loan from a Chinese state-owned company. So a bipartisan group of Senators, myself included, said let’s figure out a way to reinstate the penalties against ZTE as a part of the annual defense au-thorization bill, but when it came time to hammer out the differences between the Senate’s bill and the House’s bill, Republicans watered down the ZTE penalties. Republicans in both Cham-bers caved to the White House and handed a big gift to China at the ex-pense of American jobs and national se-curity. In my view, it is inexcusable that the plan put together by Senators on both sides—a plan that would have pro-tected our security and punished a se-rial violator of U.S. sanctions—was stripped out of this bill. The weaker House proposal that took its place doesn’t go nearly far enough to fight the espionage threat that the Trump administration’s own counterintel-ligence nominee testified to. Bottom line, Trump’s ZTE deal is bad for American security and American jobs. The House got it wrong with their weaker legislation. The Senate was under no obligation to accept their wa-tered-down bill. That is why I voted no, and that is why members who voted for this proposal cannot claim innocence when it comes to letting ZTE off the hook for its violations of our sanctions. 
f 
NOMINATION OBJECTION Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I am placing a hold on the nomination of Justin Muzinich to be Deputy Sec-retary of the Treasury. I will maintain that hold until the Treasury Depart-ment provides the Senate Finance Committee information and documents related to Russia and its financial deal-ings with President Trump and his as-sociates, as well as outside organiza-tions Russia used to help elect him. I originally asked for these documents on May 10, 2017, and have yet to receive an answer of any kind. I have stated repeatedly that we must follow the money if we are going to get to the bottom of how Russia has attacked our democracy. That means thoroughly reviewing any information that relates to financial connections between Russia and President Trump and his associates, whether direct or laundered through hidden or illicit transactions. The Treasury Department for which Mr. Muzinich is nominated to serve as the No. 2 official is responsible for much of this information. The Treas-ury Department authorities include in-telligence and enforcement functions to combat financial crimes and threats, including money laundering. For these reasons, I will object to any unanimous consent request con-cerning the nomination of Mr. Muzinich. REMOVAL OF NOMINATION OBJECTION Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I am lift-ing my hold on the nomination of Mr. Jason Klitenic to be General Counsel of the Office of Director of National Intel-ligence. Senator GRASSLEY and I have received a response to our March 6, 2018, letter regarding the Intelligence Community Office of Inspector Gen-eral, OIG, and the termination of its Executive Director of Intelligence Community Whistleblowing and Source Protection, ‘‘Executive Director.’’ In addition, I have been provided access to documents related to the Executive Di-rector’s termination. I remain con-cerned about the circumstances sur-rounding that termination and look forward to reviewing them further, even as I work with my colleagues to strengthen protection for intelligence community whistleblowers. My hold on the nomination of Mr. Klitenic was based on these concerns and not on the qualifications of the nominee. 
f 
AFGHAN RELIGIOUS MINORITIES Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, today I would like to raise concerns about violence perpetrated against re-ligious minorities in Afghanistan, par-ticularly the Sikh and Hindu commu-nities. One month ago today, on July 1, a suicide bomber attacked a crowd of Af-ghan Sikhs and Hindus as they gath-ered to meet with Afghan President Ashraf Ghani on his visit to Jalalabad. At least 19 innocent civilians lost their lives, and 10 more were wounded. The attack also claimed the life of Awtar Singh Khalsa, the only Sikh candidate running in Afghanistan’s upcoming Parliamentary elections, and Rawail Singh, a prominent community activ-ist. Of the 19 killed, 17 belonged to the minority Sikh and Hindu religious groups. I condemn this cowardly and heinous attack and all those like it in the strongest possible terms. The Islamic State in Afghanistan claimed responsi-bility for the July 1 attack and mul-tiple attacks on civilian targets since then. It is impossible to overstate the depravity of this group that resorts to killing innocent people when it fails to otherwise advance its cause. We cannot allow attacks such as this on civilians to pass unremarked, nor can we ignore violence specifically tar-geted toward Afghanistan’s diverse re-ligious minorities. Sikhs and Hindus in Afghanistan have long faced systemic discrimination, economic marginalization, and, as this latest at-tack only serves to further illustrate, unspeakable violence. Members of Sikh and Hindu communities report facing prejudice, harassment, bullying of chil-dren, and attacks from militant groups; disproportionate denial of their rights in Afghan courts; and even in-terference in their efforts to cremate the remains of their dead and peace-fully adhere to other tenets of their faiths. Only a few places of worship re-main available to Sikhs and Hindus in Afghanistan, many of whom face dis-crimination so severe that they choose to leave the country. For his part, Mr. Khalsa’s candidacy was a testament to the strength and re-siliency of Afghan Sikhs who, even in the face of unrelenting hardship, re-main dedicated to their country’s democratic future. After last month’s attack in Jalalabad, that kind of polit-ical engagement has been dealt a ter-rible blow. The recent and ongoing attacks against Sikhs and Hindus come against a broader backdrop of sustained vio-lence in Afghanistan. According to re-cent figures from the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan, more Afghan civilians were killed in the first 6 months of 2018—1,692 deaths—than in any other 6-month period over the last 10 years. This figure demonstrates the continuing devastation caused by the past 17 years of war in Afghanistan and the need for the United States and our partners in the international commu-nity to redouble efforts toward reach-ing a negotiated political settlement that can bring this long war to an end. Without peace in Afghanistan, the scourges of terrorist and insurgent vio-lence, illegal narcotics trafficking, cor-ruption, and limited government ca-pacity to deliver justice and other pub-lic services will remain, and the Af-ghan people will continue to suffer. All Afghans, of all beliefs, stand to benefit from the end of bloodshed. Cow-ardly attacks against religious minori-ties such as the one that took place in Jalalabad only serve to damage pros-pects for a peace that can benefit all. The Jalalabad attack is also a stark reminder of the sectarian violence fac-ing religious minorities in many parts of South Asia. Across the region, mem-bers of minority religious groups are being denied their basic human rights and the ability to live free from dis-crimination or violence. Attacks like the one in Jalalabad underscore the ur-gent need for governments in the re-gion to hold perpetrators accountable and to enact laws and policies that fos-ter tolerance, protect minorities’ rights, and respect individual freedoms. America is also home to many Sikh and Hindu communities living in every U.S. State, who, like so many minority groups in our diverse country, have played a positive role in the social, cul-tural, and economic development of the United States. In my home State of New Jersey, I am reminded every day of how much better off we all are for the contributions of Sikh and Hindu communities to our great State and Nation. This is despite the fact that in-dividuals in the United States of South Asian heritage and representing di-verse faiths have faced attacks on ac-count of their identity, including har-assment, discrimination in employ-ment and schooling, or even violent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.064 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5576 August 1, 2018 
hate crimes, such as the devastating mass shooting in Oak Creek, Wisconsin Sikh Gurdwara in 2012. Just as we as a country will not stand for religious intolerance at home, we must not fail to speak out against it abroad. Respect for religious and other basic human freedoms world-wide is a core American value, one that bears repeating whenever and wherever those freedoms are threatened. In closing, I will say it again: I con-demn the July 1 attack against Afghan Sikh and Hindu civilians and any indi-vidual or group that would harm inno-cent people based on their peaceful re-ligious beliefs. We stand in solidarity with religious minorities in Afghani-stan, in South Asia, and around the world. 
f 
ANIMAL GENERIC DRUG USER FEE AMENDMENTS OF 2018 Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the commitment letter for the Animal Generic Drug User Fee Agreements of 2018. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
ANIMAL GENERIC DRUGUSERFEE A
MENDMENTS OF 2018 
AGDUFA REAUTHORIZATION PERFORMANCE  
GOALS AND PROCEDURES FOR FY ’S 2019 THRU 2023  The goals and procedures of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA or the Agency) as agreed to under the ‘‘Animal Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2018’’ are summa-rized as follows: 
APPLICATION /SUBMISSION GOALS  Beginning October 1, 2018, all applications and submissions under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) section 512(b) must be created using the eSubmitter tool and submitted to the Agency through the FDA Center for Veterinary Medicine (CVM) Electronic Submission System (ESS). 1. Original Abbreviated New Animal Drug Ap-plications (ANADAs) and Reactivations Review and act on 90 percent of original ANADAs within 240 days after the submis-sion date. An application is incomplete if it would require additional data or information to enable the Agency to complete a com-prehensive review of the application and reach a decision on the issue(s) presented in the application. If the Agency determines that the deficiencies are not substantial, the Agency will review and act on 90 percent of reactivated applications within 120 days after the reactivated ANADA submission date. This shorter review time for reac-tivated ANADAs for which the deficiencies are determined not to be substantial is not intended to prevent the use of minor amend-ments during Agency review of an applica-tion. If the Agency determines that the defi-ciencies are substantial or new substantial information is provided, the Agency will re-view and act on 90 percent of reactivated ap-plications within 240 days after the reac-tivated ANADA submission date. 2. Administrative ANADAs Review and act on 90 percent of adminis-trative ANADAs (ANADAs submitted after all scientific decisions have been made in the generic investigational new animal drug (JINAD) process, i.e., prior to the submission of the ANADA) within 60 days after the sub-mission date. Paragraph IV certification ap-plications (FD&C Act section 512(n)(1)(H)(iv)) submitted as administrative ANADAs will be excluded from the administrative ANADA cohort. 3. Prior Approval Manufacturing Supplemental ANADAs and Reactivations Review and act on 90 percent of Prior Ap-proval manufacturing supplemental ANADAs within 180 days after the submission date. A Prior Approval manufacturing supplemental ANADA includes: one or more major manu-facturing changes according to 21 CFR 514.8(b)(2)(ii) and in accordance with Guid-ance for Industry 83 (Chemistry, Manufac-turing, and Controls Changes to an Approved NADA or ANADA); and, changes submitted as ‘‘Supplement-Changes Being Effected in 30 Days’’ that require prior approval according to 21 CFR 514.8(b)(3)(v)(A). If a Prior Ap-proval supplement does not clearly identify any major manufacturing changes, the Prior Approval supplement will be designated by the Agency as a ‘‘Supplement-Changes Being Effected’’ with a 270 days review goal (see ‘‘Supplement-Changes Being Effected Manu-facturing Supplemental ANADAs and Reac-tivations’’ below). A submission is incomplete if it requires additional data or information to enable the Agency to complete a comprehensive review of the submission and reach a decision on the issue(s) presented in the submission. If the Agency determines that the deficiencies are not substantial for manufacturing supple-ments requiring prior approval, the Agency will allow the manufacturing supplements to be resubmitted as ‘‘Supplement-Changes Being Effected in 30 Days’’ as described in 21 CFR 514.8(b)(3) and the drug made with the change can be distributed 30 days after the resubmission according to 21CFR 514.8(b)(3)(iv). The Agency will review and act on 90 percent of these reactivated manu-facturing supplements within 270 days after the resubmission date of a complete submis-sion. If the Agency determines that the defi-ciencies remain substantial or new substan-tial information is provided, prior-approval is required according to 21 CFR 514.8(b)(3)(v)(A). The Agency will review and act on 90 percent of these reactivated manu-facturing supplements within 180 days after the re-submission date of a complete submis-sion. 4. Supplement—Changes Being Effected Manu-facturing Supplemental ANADAs and Reac-tivations Review and act on 90 percent of ‘‘Supple-ment—Changes Being Effected’’ manufac-turing supplemental ANADAs and reactiva-tions submitted according to 21 CFR 514.8(b)(3)(vi) and in accordance with Guid-ance for Industry 83 (Chemistry, Manufac-turing, and Controls Changes to an Approved NADA or ANADA), including manufacturing changes not requiring prior approval accord-ing to 21 CFR 514.8(b)(3)(iv), within 270 days after the submission date. 5. Generic Investigational New Animal Drug (JINAD) Study Submissions Review and act on 90 percent of JINAD study submissions within 180 days after the submission date. A submission is incomplete if it would require additional data or infor-mation to enable the Agency to complete a comprehensive review of the study submis-sion and reach a decision on the issue(s) pre-sented in the submission. If the Agency de-termines that the deficiencies are not sub-stantial, the Agency will review and act on 90 percent of resubmitted JINAD study sub-missions within 60 days after the receipt date of a complete study submission. This shorter review time for resubmitted JINAD study submissions is not intended to prevent the use of minor amendments during Agency review of a study submission. If the Agency determines that the deficiencies are substan-tial or new substantial information is pro-vided, the Agency will review and act on 90 percent of resubmitted JINAD study submis-sions within 180 days after the receipt date of a complete study submission. 6. JINAD Protocols Review and act on 90 percent of JINAD submissions consisting of protocols without substantial data, that the Agency and the sponsor consider to be an essential part of the basis for making the decision to approve or not approve an ANADA or supplemental ANADA, within 75 days after the submission date. Allow comparability protocols as de-scribed in 21 CFR 514.8(b)(2)(v) to be sub-mitted as protocols without substantial data in a JINAD file. The Agency will review and act on 90 percent of JINAD submissions con-sisting of protocols without substantial data within 75 days after the submission date of the protocol. For potentially more complex comparability protocols, for example sterile process validation protocols, the sponsor should discuss and have Agency concurrence regarding the appropriate filing strategy. For the application/submission goals above, the term ‘‘review and act on’’ means the issuance of either: (1) a complete action letter that approves an original or supple-mental ANADA or notifies a sponsor that a JINAD submission is complete; or (2) an ‘‘in-complete letter’’ that sets forth in detail the specific deficiencies in an original or supple-mental ANADA or JINAD submission and, where appropriate, the actions necessary to place such an original or supplemental ANADA or JINAD submission in condition for approval. Within 30 days of receipt of the application, FDA shall refuse to file an origi-nal or supplemental ANADA, or their reac-tivation, that is determined to be insuffi-cient on its face or otherwise of unacceptable quality for review upon initial inspection as per 21 CFR 514.110. Thus, the agency will refuse to file an application containing num-bers or types of errors, or flaws in the devel-opment plan, sufficient to cause the quality of the entire submission to be questioned to the extent that it cannot reasonably be re-viewed. Within 60 days of receipt of the sub-mission, FDA will refuse to review a JINAD submission that is determined to be insuffi-cient on its face or otherwise of unacceptable quality upon initial inspection using criteria and procedures similar to those found in 21 CFR 514.110. A decision to refuse to file an application or to refuse to review a submis-sion as described above will result in the ap-plication or submission not being entered into the cohort upon which the relevant user fee goal is based. The agency will keep a record of the numbers and types of such re-fusals and include them in its annual per-formance report. FDA may request minor amendments to original or supplemental ANADAs and JINAD submissions during its review of the application or submission. At its discretion, the Agency may extend an internal due date (but not a user fee goal) to allow for the complete review of an application or submis-sion for which a minor amendment is re-quested. If a pending application is amended with significant changes, the amended appli-cation may be considered resubmitted, thereby effectively resetting the clock to the date FDA received the amendment. The same policy applies for JINAD submissions. Sponsors are not required to submit study protocols for review. However, for each vol-untarily submitted protocol for a study that the Agency and the sponsor consider to be an essential part of the basis for making the de-cision to approve or not approve an original 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.068 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5577 August 1, 2018 
or supplemental ANADA, the Agency will issue a complete action letter providing comments resulting from a complete review of the protocol. The complete action letter will be as detailed as possible considering the quality and level of detail of the protocol submission; will include a succinct assess-ment of the protocol; and will state whether the Agency agrees, disagrees, or lacks suffi-cient information to reach a decision that the protocol design, execution plans, and data analyses are adequate to achieve the objectives of the study. If the Agency deter-mines that a protocol is acceptable, this rep-resents an agreement that the data gen-erated by the protocol can be used to support a safety or effectiveness decision regarding the subject new animal drug. Having agreed to the design, execution, or analyses pro-posed in protocols reviewed under this proc-ess, the Agency will not later alter its per-spectives on the design, execution, or anal-yses unless the Agency issues a written order that a substantiated scientific requirement essential to the assessment of the study ap-peared after the Agency’s protocol assess-ment, or public (human or animal) health concerns unrecognized at the time of pro-tocol assessment under this process are evi-dent. The term ‘‘submission date’’ means the date the FDA Center for Veterinary Medi-cine (CVM) Electronic Submission System (ESS) receives an application or submission. Upon receipt of an application or submission, the CVM ESS creates an electronic receipt that contains the date of receipt and is sent to the submitter. 
WORK QUEUE REVIEW PROCEDURES  The Agency will review all submissions in accordance with procedures for working within a queue. An application/submission that is not reviewed within the applicable Application/Submission Goal time frame will be reviewed with the highest possible pri-ority among those pending. 
AMENDING SIMILAR APPLICATIONS AND  
SUBMISSIONS  The Agency and regulated industry agree that applications and submissions to the Agency will be complete and of sufficient quality to allow the Agency’s complete and timely review. The Agency will refuse to file poor quality and incomplete applications and submissions rather than allowing them to serve as ‘‘placeholders’’ in the review queue that are subsequently amended to add the missing or inadequate portions. The Agency recognizes that there are cir-cumstances in which a controlled amend-ment process can make the review of simi-lar, pending submissions more efficient with-out compromising the sponsor’s responsi-bility for high quality submissions. Thus, if the Agency requests an amendment to a non- administrative original ANADA, manufac-turing supplemental ANADA, JINAD study submission, or a JINAD protocol submission (a ‘‘CVM-initiated amendment’’), or issues an incomplete letter for such an application or submission, a sponsor may request to amend other, similar applications or submis-sions it has pending with the Agency (‘‘spon-sor-initiated amendment(s)’’) in accordance with the following criteria: 1. The amended information for these simi-lar applications or submissions must be the same as in the CVM-initiated amendment or incomplete letter; and 2. The amended information must not sig-nificantly change the similar applications or submissions; and 3. The amended information for these simi-lar applications or submissions must be sub-mitted no later than: a. 120 days after the submission date for the similar original ANADA, manufacturing supplemental ANADA; or b. 100 days after the submission date for the similar JINAD study submissions; or c. 40 days after the submission date for the similar JINAD protocol submissions. If the Agency determines that the above criteria have been met, it will not change the user fee goal for the similar application or submission that has been amended by a sponsor-initiated amendment. If the above criteria have not been met, the Agency may consider the similar application or submis-sion resubmitted on the date of the sponsor- initiated amendment, thereby resetting the clock to the date FDA received the amend-ment. MULTIPLE DATA SUBMISSIONS TO THE CHEM -
ISTRY , MANUFACTURING , AND CONTROLS  
TECHNICAL SECTION  The Agency will continue to allow two- phased Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Con-trols technical section submissions under the JINAD process. Timely Foreign Pre-Ap-proval Inspections 1. The Agency and regulated industry are committed to improving the review and busi-ness processes that will facilitate the timely scheduling and conducting of pre-approval inspections (PAIs). To improve the timeli-ness and predictability of foreign PAIs, spon-sors may voluntarily submit 1) at the begin-ning of the calendar year, a list of foreign manufacturing facilities that are specified in an abbreviated application, supplemental ab-breviated application, or generic investiga-tional file and may be subject to foreign PAIs for the following fiscal year; and 2) a notification 30 days prior to submitting an abbreviated application, a supplemental ab-breviated application, or generic investiga-tional file that informs the Agency that the application includes a foreign manufacturing facility. Should any changes to the annual list occur after its submission to the Agency, the sponsor may provide the updated infor-mation to the Agency. 2. The Agency will keep a record of the number of foreign PAIs conducted for abbre-viated applications, along with the average time for completing the PAIs, and include this information in its annual performance report. The time for completing the PAI is understood to mean the time from the in-spection scheduling request through notifi-cation to the Center of inspectional findings. 
TIMELY MEETINGS WITH INDUSTRY  The Agency and the regulated industry agree that the use of both formal meetings (e.g., presubmission conferences, workshops) and informal communication by both parties is critical to ensure high submission quality such that the above performance goals can be achieved. 
WORKLOAD ADJUSTMENT  The workload adjustment will continue to be calculated per CVM Program Policy and Procedures Manual 1243.3022, page 35, except that, for purposes of calculating the work-load adjustment, it has been agreed to reset the base years to FY 2014–FY 2018. There will be no workload adjustment for FY 2019. Workload adjustments are one-time adjust-ments, and are calculated annually. f 
REMEMBERING HIGHT PROFFIT Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I rise to speak on behalf of Hight Proffit, who is being inducted into the Wyoming Agri-culture Hall of Fame. Every year since 1992, Wyoming has recognized individ-uals who have made substantial con-tributions to agriculture in our State. During his life, Hight displayed a spe-cial talent for agriculture and was a dedicated public servant for his neigh-bors and friends. Hight is a well-de-served recipient of this great honor. Hight moved to Wyoming at a young age during the middle of the Great De-pression when it wasn’t easy to make a living, let alone to be a rancher. Much like he would show throughout his life, he showed what you can accomplish through hard work and resolve and learned to make the best out of every-thing. He is remembered as a handyman, as well as an innovator. Hight excelled in improving agriculture and left his mark on the long, proud history of Wy-oming agriculture. He worked hard to improve not only his ranch, but also the community around him, from fair-ly distributing water to expanding electric power. Among his many accomplishments, perhaps the greatest was the dedica-tion he showed to his family. By his side for over 60 years, was his loving wife, Dorothy. As his son Don puts it, Hight and Dorothy ‘‘established a ranch with the help of the Federal Land Bank on the Bear River, where they raised cattle, sheep and horses, as well as four children.’’ Hight and Doro-thy were then blessed with numerous grandchildren and great-grandchildren. Not only did he serve as a role model for his family, but his community as well as a dedicated public servant. Hight served on numerous boards and committees, as a Unita County com-missioner, a State representative, and as a State senator. He also served as a mentor to countless young people through 4–H, Boy Scouts of America, Farm Bureau, and his church. Although it has now been 16 years since Hight has passed, his memory lives on and his example continue to inspire others. I want to extend my congratulations to the family of Hight and Dorothy. Hight truly lived the code of the West, and I am proud to have the opportunity to recognize his achievements and his memory as an in-ductee into the Wyoming Agriculture Hall of Fame. Wyoming is well served by his lasting and continuing contribu-tions to our State. f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVE TRUE Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize Dave True, who will soon be honored for his contributions to his local community and the agri-culture industry across Wyoming. Each year, Senator E
NZIand I have the op-portunity to introduce outstanding in-dividuals as they are inducted into the Wyoming Agriculture Hall of Fame. As one of the 2018 inductees, Dave is an outstanding addition to their ranks. Seventy years ago, Dave’s father moved to Casper, WY, as part owner of a drilling company and established what would eventually become the True Companies. In the years that fol-lowed, Dave worked with his father and brothers to expand the company’s focus. Today the True Companies is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.075 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5578 August 1, 2018 
diversified portfolio of farms, ranches, and feedlots, as well as businesses in the oil and gas and transportation sec-tors. Together with his wife, Melanie, Dave works to make sure the family business endures for the next genera-tion: their children, Shane and his wife JoAnn; Christy and her husband Quintin; Bryce and his wife Kelsey; Ashley, who interned in my office, and her husband Gene; and the many grandchildren. Today, Dave manages the agricul-tural holdings and actively seeks out opportunities to serve the larger agri-cultural community. Dave has given his time to the Wyoming 4–H Founda-tion, the Casper Rotary Club, the Farm Bureau, and many other organizations who share his passions. As a member of the University of Wyoming’s College of Agriculture advisory council and as the current president of the University of Wyoming board of trustees, Dave plays an active role in guiding students who make Wyoming’s future so bright. The scope of Dave’s leadership is not limited to the borders of Wyoming. For many years, Dave served as treasurer of the National Cattlemen’s Beef Asso-ciation and has mentored countless members of the national agriculture sector. Never too busy to attend edu-cational workshops, I remember when Dave shared his biggest successes and his biggest failure during a beef sympo-sium. His willingness to share obsta-cles in his own enterprise and offer ad-vice has made Dave an outstanding re-source for the next generation of pro-ducers. This year marks the 150th anniver-sary of Wyoming’s status as a U.S. Ter-ritory and the 106th annual Wyoming State Fair. Although the Wyoming Ag-riculture Hall of Fame began only in 1992, Wyoming has a longstanding tra-dition of recognizing those who are in-tegral to the success of our State’s ag-ricultural industry. Selection as a member of this outstanding group is one of many honors Dave has received, and it is one that is undoubtedly well- deserved. The members of this elite club grow crops and raise livestock while building a strong foundation for the next generation of successful pro-ducers. Together, they will make the next 150 years of Wyoming’s history as rich as the last. It is with great honor that I recog-nize my friend as an outstanding mem-ber of our Wyoming community. My wife, Bobbi, joins me in congratulating Dave True as one of the 2018 inductees into the Wyoming Agriculture Hall of Fame. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN JORGENSEN Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I rise today in celebration of John Jorgensen, the Boys and Girls Club of Central Wyoming’s 2018 honoree. Since 1978, the Boys and Girls Clubs of Central Wyoming has been working to make a positive difference in the lives of children. Their mission is to in-spire all youth to reach their full po-tential as productive, responsible, and caring citizens. Their activities provide the children in our community with a sense of competence, usefulness, and belonging. On August 29, 2018, the Boys and Girls Club of Central Wyoming will host the 20th Annual Awards and Rec-ognition Breakfast. Every year at this event, the Boys and Girls Club honors a member of the community who has made outstanding contributions to their organization, Wyoming youth, and the city of Casper. It is an inspir-ing celebration. This year’s honoree is John Jorgensen. He is an ideal choice to receive this honor because of his dedication to advancing childhood lit-eracy and improving the lives of Wyo-ming’s children. With this award, the Boys and Girls Club of Central Wyo-ming shows their gratitude for John’s work, which mirrors the club’s impor-tant mission. John is a successful manager, gen-erous philanthropist, and devoted fam-ily man. He is a native of Nebraska and attended the University of Nebraska, earning a bachelor’s degree in Political Science. He served 3 years in the U.S. Army before pursuing his career in banking. His path lead him to Cali-fornia and the Midwest before finally calling Casper, WY, home for the past 31 years. He started in Casper as the president of the First Wyoming Bank and retired in 2015 as the president of Hilltop National Bank. John’s involvement in his commu-nity is immeasurable, and his positive impact is felt across Casper and Wyo-ming. He has been a Casper College Foundation Board Member since 1987 and has served as its President since 1990. John’s leadership grew the foun-dation to one of the top five commu-nity college foundations nationwide, with assets of over $90 million. John was recently awarded the 2018 Casper College Alumni Association’s Commit-ment to Excellence Award for his ex-emplary service. He was also awarded the prestigious Benefactor Award in 2014 from the Council for Resource De-velopment. In addition, John has served on the Natrona County Public Library Foundation, the Nicolaysen Art Museum Board, the Wyoming Com-munity Foundation, and the Sue Jorgensen Library Foundation. He was instrumental in the completion of the David Street Station project and is a member of the Casper Rotary Club. Any mention of John would be in-complete without the acknowledgment of the Wyoming Reads program. In-spired by his wife Sue’s love of reading, he founded the program in her memory after her passing in 1996. Sue was the director of the elementary education and graduate education programs for the University of Wyoming/Casper Col-lege Center in Casper and was the first coordinator of the UW elementary edu-cation teacher preparation program. Each year, the Governor of Wyoming proclaims the date of the Wyoming Reads program as Wyoming Literacy Day. The event started as ‘‘Casper Cares, Casper Reads’’ 20 years ago. Since then, the program has grown to include thousands of children across Wyoming and delivered more than 180,000 personalized books. John’s work has inspired similar programs in other States, with communities in Cali-fornia, Oregon, and Minnesota fol-lowing his lead. John even takes the time to travel to many of these loca-tions to provide leadership and encour-agement. John devotes his time to instilling the value of reading in Wyoming youth. He wrote a fairy tale that he acts out as a play for the first graders, feeding their excitement to learn as well as honoring Sue. He quotes her saying that, ‘‘Until someone can read, they can’t really do anything else.’’ This is his vision for helping children succeed and grow. His devotion to childhood literacy ensures the youth of Wyoming are educated and inspired. John Jorgensen and his family truly represent the Wyoming values of cour-age, generosity, and selflessness. John with his late wife, Sue, have five chil-dren, Matt Jorgensen, Chris Jorgensen, Marty Jorgensen, Sarah Olsen, and Lindsay Lawton, as well as loving grandchildren. Children in Casper, WY, and across the country have a bright future thanks to the efforts of this in-credible family. It is with great honor that I recog-nize this exceptional member of our Wyoming community. My wife, Bobbi, joins me in extending our congratula-tions to John Jorgensen for receiving this special acknowledgement from the Boys and Girls Club of Central Wyo-ming. f 
TRIBUTE TO DEL M COMIE Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I rise today in celebration of Del McOmie, mayor of Lander, WY, and one of our State’s true leaders. Born and raised in Lander, Del has worked continually to make the com-munity and Wyoming better for future generations. Del married his sweetheart, Patty, in 1975. They welcomed five children, Del-bert, Jr., Alan, Kathleen, Pamela, and Craig. The McOmie family has since grown to include 14 grandchildren and 20 great-grandchildren. In his everyday words and deeds, Del has passed on his tradition of excellence and love of Wy-oming. Governor Matt Mead appointed Delbert as the director of the state construction department. Alan gives back to their community, serving as an officer in the Lander Police Depart-ment. Working for the Wyoming De-partment of Environmental Quality, Craig embodies his father’s passion for the beauty of our State. Del has committed his life to serving those around him. When he finishes his current term as mayor of Lander, he will have served as an elected official 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.067 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5579 August 1, 2018 
for 30 years, along with providing lead-ership and expertise to the Wyoming Department of Transportation for over 39 years. Alongside this public service, Del has been a small business owner and a champion for local economic de-velopment. As the cofounder of LEADER Corp., a private economic development group committed to expanding the economic base of Lander, Del helps transform his vision of a prosperous community into reality. Known for his dedication and determination, Del brings all the play-ers to the table and works to make things happen. Del is a problem-solver, and Lander and the State of Wyoming are better for it. Del’s neighbors and friends know they can rely on him to get the job done. They have elected him as mayor four times and sent him to represent their interests in the State legislature seven times. He has rewarded their faith in him by finding the funds nec-essary to build the new Lander Valley High School. Del and I served in the Wyoming State Legislature together for 5 years. His opinions and advice carried great weight in both chambers and across the aisle. Del was known for his integrity and devotion to Wyoming. He served on the education committee when we passed the Hathaway Scholarship that ensures every Wyoming High School graduate has access to higher edu-cation. Together, we cosponsored legis-lation to fund critical emergency tele-phone services in our rural State. Del’s legacy will always be working to meet the needs of our State and her people. In Wyoming, we have adopted the Code of the West as our guiding ethical principles. No one embodies these com-mitments more than Del McOmie. Throughout his impressive career of service, Del has always ‘‘done what has to be done’’ and embraced that ‘‘when you make a promise, [you must] keep it.’’ Even before Wyoming had an offi-cial code of ethics, Del has always been one to ‘‘ride for the brand’’. It is with great honor that I recog-nize this exceptional member of our Wyoming community. My wife, Bobbi, joins me in extending our appreciations to Del McOmie for his service. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSAY OF QUEEN CITY AIRPORT Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I would like to recognize the 75th anniversary of Queen City Airport, located in Allen-town, PA. Dedicated in October 1943, Queen City Airport was originally known as Convair Field and consisted of an air-strip and several production facilities leased from Mack Truck. During the Second World War, Consolidated Vultee, a local aircraft manufacturer, produced the TBY–2 Sea Wolf torpedo bomber for the U.S. Navy at the air-port and employed several thousand workers. After the war ended, aircraft production shut down and the leased facilities were returned to Mack Truck. In 1947, ownership of the airport was transferred from the Federal Govern-ment to the city of Allentown, which agreed to maintain the land as an air-port and emergency landing field. Shortly thereafter, the Pennsylvania Air National Guard began leasing a fa-cility at the airport for flight training exercises. It was not until 1961 that the airport was renamed Queen City Mu-nicipal and the city assumed full own-ership and operation of the airport. In addition to general aviation services, the airport began hosting events and exhibitions for members of the Allen-town community, including airshows, hot-air balloon events, and fireworks on the Fourth of July. Today Queen City Airport is owned and operated by the Lehigh-North-ampton Airport Authority, LNAA. Nearly 80 individual aircraft are now based at the airport, a majority of which are used for local general avia-tion. As a result of LNAA’s support for general aviation, the Federal Aviation Administration’s Eastern Region rec-ognized Queen City Airport as the Gen-eral Aviation Airport of the Year in 2006. Again, I wish to congratulate Queen City Airport as it celebrates its 75th anniversary later this year. The air-port serves as the home base for many general aviation pilots throughout the Lehigh Valley, and during State work periods, I often start my day at Queen City, using the airport as a home base before flying to various parts of Penn-sylvania to meet with constituents and business leaders. I hope the airport will continue to support the Allentown community well into the future. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO GREG BOLLARD ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Greg Bollard, who will be honored at the 15th anni-versary celebration for Friends of the Lake on August 9, 2018. His numerous accomplishments on behalf of Lake Lillinonah have made a great impact on the health of Connecticut’s environ-ment. Mr. Bollard is the cofounder of Friends of the Lake, a nonprofit orga-nization created to improve the water quality of Lake Lillinonah in Con-necticut, enhance the enjoyment of the lake’s pristine and stunning sur-roundings and protect that portion of the Housatonic River and its water-shed. Friends of the Lake works alongside an array of community and environ-mental organizations, Federal, State and local officials, and residents in order to acquire vital funding to im-prove the lake, raise awareness of the project and its importance, and bring together the community around Lake Lillinonah. Mr. Bollard has worked tirelessly over the past decade and a half to obtain and deploy a monitoring buoy. This buoy uses the Global Lake Observatory Network GLEON, to share data about the lake with scientists and other lake organizations worldwide, in order to facilitate more thorough mon-itoring and study of lake ecology. In order to ensure Lake Lillinonah is clean, safe, and accessible to the com-munity, Mr. Bollard has led tireless ef-forts to learn more about invasive spe-cies and control their populations, along with chairing the water quality committee. He is known as an incred-ibly dependable man, who is able to fix any problem by spearheading key ef-forts to develop a solution and bring the right group of people together to see it through successfully. Mr. Bollard’s desire to help his com-munity extends beyond his work with Friends of the Lake, as well. For 16 years, he served on the Bridgewater In-land Wetlands Commission, and he con-tinues to dedicate his time to his com-munity through his role as an EMT and ambulance coordinator for the Bridge-water Fire Department, a firefighter and EMT for the Morris Volunteer Fire Department, and as a member of the Shepaug parent council. Through his devotion to helping our State with Friends of the Lake and his great work as a public servant, Mr. Bollard has left a lasting, positive im-pression upon Connecticut and laid a profoundly strong foundation for im-proving our State’s environment in the years to come. I applaud Greg Bollard’s dedicated commitment to improve and protect Lake Lillinonah, and I hope my col-leagues will join me in congratulating Mr. Bollard on his well-deserved honor.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO OLIVIA MITCHELL ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week, I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Olivia Mitchell of Wheatland County. At just 11 years old, Olivia took third place on her Americanism essay at the Montana Department of the American Legion Auxiliary convention. She wrote on a topic that is far beyond her years, serving as a testament to her ex-emplary work. Olivia said she loves to write and even finds it relaxing. Olivia lives in Judith Gap and will soon be a sixth grader at Judith Gap School. She is able to balance her school work and extracurricular activi-ties, including hunting, fishing, and sports with ease. Olivia loves to hunt. She already has a mule deer under her belt and has a goal to bag an elk and antelope next. She loves being outdoors and hopes to visit Yellowstone Na-tional Park soon. Her values and work ethic can be attributed to her loving parents, Lane and Christie Mitchell, and her two younger sisters. Olivia is a compassionate leader and loves to help her community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.073 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5580 August 1, 2018 
I congratulate Olivia on her accom-plishments. I look forward to seeing her succeed as she continues to grow. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, August 1, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 2779. An act to amend the Zimbabwe De-mocracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6133. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Mark C. Nowland, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6134. A communication from the Acting Commissioner, Social Security Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Ad-ministration’s 2018 Annual Report of the Supplemental Security Income Program; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6135. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Corinthian College and American Career Institutes Discharge of Indebtedness Private Student Loans’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–39) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 31, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6136. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance on Re-contributions, Rollovers and Qualified High-er Education Expenses under Section 529’’ (Notice 2018–58) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 31, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6137. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘United States Tobacco Product Exports That Do Not Conform to Tobacco Product Stand-ards’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6138. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Withdrawal of Guidance Documents’’ ((RIN1810–AB33) (Docket No. ED–2016–OESE–0056)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 31, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6139. A communication from the Chief Privacy Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the implementation of the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission for the period from October 1, 2018 through March 31, 2018; to the Committees on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs; Se-lect Committee on Intelligence; and the Ju-diciary. EC–6140. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2018’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–6141. A communication from the Asso-ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Connect America Fund’’ ((RIN3060–AK57) (WC Docket No, 10– 90)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 31, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6142. A communication from the Pro-gram Analyst, Office of Managing Director, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Assessment and Collection of Reg-ulatory Fees for Fiscal Year 2018’’ (FCC 18– 65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 31, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6143. A communication from the Chief, International Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘In the Matter of Expanding Flexible Use of the 3.7 to 4.2 GHz Band; Expanding Flexible Use in Mid-Band Spectrum Between 3.7 and 24 GHz; Petition for Rulemaking to Amend an Mod-ernize Parts 25 and 101 of the Commission’s Rules. . .’’ ((FCC 18–91) (GN Docket No. 18– 122) (GN Docket No. 17–183) (RM–11791) (RM– 11778)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 31, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6144. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Island Pelagic Fisheries; False Kill-er Whale Take Reduction Plan; Closure of Southern Exclusion Zone’’ (RIN0648–XG334) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 31, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–280. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California urging the United States Congress to require, if nec-essary, a resolution between the federal Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services and TRICARE to immediately restore data shar-ing and to waive the one-year timely filing restriction for all claims caught in this stop-page; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 23 Whereas, The federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), a part of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), works with the states to fund and implement the Medicaid program, which provides health coverage to millions of Americans, including eligible low-income adults, children, pregnant women, elderly adults, and people with dis-abilities; and Whereas, TRICARE, which is managed by the United States Department of Defense Military Health System, provides civilian health benefits for active duty and reserve military members of the United States Armed Forces, military retirees, and their dependents, and which relies on the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS) computerized database that con-tains TRICARE eligibility data for these in-dividuals; and Whereas, Approximately 1.75 million mili-tary veterans, their families, and active duty family members (nearly 1 in 10) have TRICARE and Medicaid coverage, including family members of active duty members who qualify under Medicaid income limits, vet-erans and their families who qualify under Medicaid income limits, disabled veterans and their families, ,and active duty family members that qualify for Medicaid due to disability; and Whereas, For individuals who have both TRICARE and Medicaid coverage, TRICARE must pay as primary coverage; and Whereas, Historically, identifying individ-uals with both TRICARE and Medicaid cov-erage has been a challenging, yet necessary, process, as acknowledged and documented in an HHS Inspector General report, ‘‘Medicaid Third Party Liability (TPL) Savings Have. Increased, But Challenges Remain’’; and Whereas, Prior to 2017, TRICARE had matched their DEERS eligibility files and provided information back to the states about the individuals who had both TRICARE and Medicaid coverage; and Whereas, The agreement to cross-match between CMS and TRICARE has expired and the parties have been unable to reestablish terms to coordinate benefits between the two programs; and Whereas, In early 2017, TRICARE ceased its support in the data-match process in which states provide Medicaid enrollee eligibility information to TRICARE in order to identify those Members who have both TRICARE and Medicaid; and Whereas, The expiration of the agreement has the effect of preventing the recovery of millions of payments annually where Med-icaid erroneously paid, because TRICARE should have paid as primary coverage, re-sulting in a shift of additional costs from the federal government to the states; and Whereas, TRICARE’s timely filing limita-tion precludes Medicaid from billing a claim that should be TRICARE’s responsibility if the service was rendered more than one year prior, resulting in additional annual costs shifting to California and other states; and Whereas, TRICARE refuses to share data with, and process eligibility information from, Medicaid managed care organizations that provide care to more than 60 percent of all Medicaid members nationally. It is esti-mated that millions of dollars annually paid in claims should have been TRICARE’s re-sponsibility, not Medicaid managed care or-ganizations resulting in even more cost shifting to the states and leading to im-proper Medicaid capitation payments; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.072 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5581 August 1, 2018 
Whereas, Approximately 8.6 percent of TRICARE beneficiaries, or approximately 894,724 uniformed service members and their families, are located in California, and thus it is estimated that California could be pay-ing millions of dollars it is not responsible for if this issue of data sharing between TRICARE and CMS is not resolved; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-lature of the State of California urges the United States Department of Defense and the United States Department of Health and Human Services to implement, and the United States Congress to require, if nec-essary, a resolution between the federal Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services and TRICARE to immediately restore data shar-ing and to waive the one-year timely filing restriction for all claims caught in this stop-page; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the Majority Leader of the United States Senate, the Mi-nority Leader of the United States Senate, and to each Senator and Representative from California in the Congress of the United States. 
POM–281. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California urging the United States Congress to act favorably in regard to legislation to have the Mare Is-land Naval Cemetery transferred to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs and that the National Cemetery Administration restore the cemetery to national cemetery standards and provide for perpetual care of the facility as dictated by those standards; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 26 Whereas, The Mare Island Naval Cemetery is the oldest military cemetery on the West Coast, and the final resting place for over 900 veterans; and Whereas, The cemetery is a national sanc-tuary and should be maintained to the high-est standards in honor of the military heroes who are buried there; and Whereas, The Navy was forced to close the Mare Island facility under the United States government’s Base Realignment and Closure program in 1996 and deeded portions of Mare Island’s physical property and facilities, in-cluding the Mare Island Naval Cemetery, to the City of Vallejo; and Whereas, The Navy did not provide funds to maintain and provide for the perpetual care of the cemetery, and therefore the cem-etery became the City of Vallejo’s responsi-bility; and Whereas, The City of Vallejo has experi-enced significant financial difficulties and has been unable to maintain the cemetery to the standards expected of a facility where veterans are laid to rest, which has resulted in a continual deterioration of the site since 1996; and Whereas, The South Napa earthquake added to the physical deterioration of the cemetery by knocking down some headstones and breaking others; and Whereas, The National Park Service, in May 1975, listed Mare Island Naval Shipyard as a National Historic Landmark, and a park with hiking paths has been established at the western end of the island where the cem-etery is located; and Whereas, A petition has been created by veterans and concerned visitors with over 54,000 signatures, encouraging United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) owner-ship and the restoration of the cemetery; and Whereas, The City of Vallejo does not have the funds to restore the cemetery and has formally requested the federal government reassume ownership of the cemetery, with-out compensation to the city; and Whereas, Representative Mike Thompson has introduced legislation (H.R. 5588) in the United States House of Representatives that will direct the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs to seek an agreement with the City of Vallejo, under which the city would transfer control of the Mare Island Naval Cemetery to the VA; now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-lature urges the Congress of the United States to act favorably in regard to legisla-tion to have the Mare Island Naval Cemetery transferred to the United States Department of Veterans Affairs and that the National Cemetery Administration restore the ceme-tery to national cemetery standards and pro-vide for perpetual care of the facility as dic-tated by those standards; and be it further Resolved, That the National Cemetery Ad-ministration provide continuing care for those interned in the cemetery, including those who are not veterans or eligible family members; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, and to each Senator and Representa-tive from California in the Congress of the United States. POM–282. A resolution adopted by the Lau-derdale Lakes City Commission, Lauderdale Lakes, Florida urging the rapid reunification of families separated as a result of the Ad-ministration’s immigration policy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. POM–283. A resolution adopted by the Lau-derdale Lakes City Commission, Lauderdale Lakes, Florida expressing its concern, con-demnation and outrage at and rejection of the implementation of the Administration’s current immigration policies, particularly those which encourage and sanction the sep-aration of families, and urging the United States Congress to forthwith take such steps as shall be appropriate to publicly condemn such policies and enact appropriate action to reverse the continuing application thereof; to the Committee on the Judiciary. POM–284. A resolution adopted by the City Council of the City of Solana Beach, Cali-fornia memorializing its opposition to the Administration’s zero tolerance policy, and any federal policy that removes children from families of immigrants who are seeking to enter our country; to the Committee on the Judiciary. POM–285. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to constructing a physical barrier between the United States and foreign nations; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Report to accompany S. 440, a bill to estab-lish a procedure for the conveyance of cer-tain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota (Rept. No. 115–313). Report to accompany S. 2074, a bill to es-tablish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the James-town Reservoir in the State of North Da-kota, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 314). Report to accompany H.R. 2897, a bill to authorize the Mayor of the District of Co-lumbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative man-agement agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–315). Report to accompany H.R. 4609, a bill to provide for the conveyance of a Forest Serv-ice site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire station (Rept. No. 115–316). By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, without amendment: S. 3021. A bill to designate the United States courthouse located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Court-house’’. H.R. 5772. A bill to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. *Martin J. Oberman, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board for the remainder of the term expiring De-cember 31 , 2018. *Martin J. Oberman, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board for a term expiring December 31, 2023. By Mr. BARRASSO for the Committee on Environment and Public Works. *Peter C. Wright, of Michigan, to be Assist-ant Administrator, Office of Solid Waste, En-vironmental Protection Agency. *William Charles McIntosh, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. *Mary Bridget Neumayr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Quality. *John Fleming, of Louisiana, to be Assist-ant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development. By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-nance. *Michael J. Desmond, of California, to be Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Serv-ice and an Assistant General Counsel in the Department of the Treasury. *Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. NELSON: S. 3316. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve the afford-ability and enrollment procedures of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.036 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5582 August 1, 2018 
Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 3317. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal certain rules re-lated to the determination of unrelated busi-ness taxable income; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. 3318. A bill to authorize the use of vet-erans educational assistance for examina-tions to receive credit toward degrees award-ed by institutions of higher learning, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 3319. A bill to impose additional restric-tions on tobacco flavors for use in e-ciga-rettes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: S. 3320. A bill to prevent low-income sen-iors from losing benefits due to defaulted student loan debt by increasing the amount of benefits exempted from garnishment; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Ms. H ARRIS , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. M
ARKEY , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. S MITH, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. R
EED, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. K AINE, Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. K ING, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. R UBIO, Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. B
URR): S. 3321. A bill to award Congressional Gold Medals to Katherine Johnson and Dr. Chris-tine Darden and to posthumously award Con-gressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson in recognition of their contributions to the success of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration dur-ing the Space Race; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. H
OEVEN ): S. 3322. A bill to establish a pilot program to provide flight training services to vet-erans; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 3323. A bill to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to establish a Senior In-vestor Taskforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BROWN: S. 3324. A bill to establish a voluntary pro-gram in the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to encourage consumers to purchase or lease new automobiles made in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. THUNE: S. 3325. A bill to amend the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to pro-vide for the eligibility of national grasslands for grazing leases and permits; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 3326. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure proper allocation of lump-sum payments of disability insur-ance benefits for determinations of modified adjusted gross income under the refundable tax credit for coverage under a qualified health plan; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mr. KENNEDY ): S. 3327. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to authorize the suspen-sion of payments by Medicare prescription drug plans and MA–PD plans pending inves-tigations of credible allegations of fraud by pharmacies; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. STABENOW: S. 3328. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to enhance the payment of monthly housing stipends under the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , Mrs. E RNST , and Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ): S. 3329. A bill to amend section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 to require the Secretary of Defense to initiate investiga-tions and to provide for congressional dis-approval of certain actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. C
ARPER ): S. 3330. A bill to protect the Medicare and Medicaid programs with respect to certain changes in reconciliation legislation; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 3331. A bill to provide for an equitable management of summer flounder based on geographic, scientific, and economic data and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. LANKFORD: S. 3332. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the inclusion of certain fringe benefit expenses for which a deduction is disallowed in unrelated business taxable income; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. S MITH, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. R EED, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. U
DALL , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 3333. A bill to provide lasting protection for inventoried roadless areas within the Na-tional Forest System; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. NELSON: S. 3334. A bill to amend section 987 of title 10, United States Code, to expand and im-prove consumer credit protections for mem-bers of the Armed Forces and their depend-ents, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. C
OT-
TON, and Mr. G RAHAM ): S. 3335. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, relating to sentencing of armed career criminals; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M
CCAIN, and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): S. 3336. A bill to strengthen the North At-lantic Treaty Organization, to combat inter-national cybercrime, and to impose addi-tional sanctions with respect to the Russian Federation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. SMITH (for herself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): S. 3337. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise and extend projects re-lating to children and to provide access to school-based comprehensive mental health programs; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. TOOMEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. C AS-
SIDY): S. 3338. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to finalize cer-tain proposed provisions relating to the Pro-grams of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) under the Medicare and Medicaid programs; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 3339. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to trans-fer certain cases to United States Tax Court; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. W ARNER ): S. 3340. A bill to amend title II of the High-er Education Act of 1965 to provide for teach-er, principal, and other school leader quality enhancement; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 3341. A bill to encourage the research and use of innovative materials and associ-ated techniques in the construction and pres-ervation of the domestic transportation and water infrastructure system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. BOOKER: S. 3342. A bill to require Community Devel-opment Block Grant recipients to develop a strategy to support inclusive zoning policies, to allow for a credit to support housing af-fordability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 3343. A bill to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act to limit overdraft fees and establish fair and transparent practices related to the marketing and provision of overdraft cov-erage programs at depository institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 3344. A bill to enhance the early warning reporting requirements for motor vehicle manufacturers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 3345. A bill to provide paid parental leave benefits to parents following the birth or adoption of a child; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 3346. A bill to establish the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. C
ASEY , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 3347. A bill to repeal the section of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 that requires the Federal Commu-nications Commission to reallocate and auc-tion the T-Band spectrum; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.028 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5583 August 1, 2018 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. U DALL , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C
ARDIN , and Ms. H ASSAN ): S. Res. 601. A resolution condemning the decision by President Donald Trump and the White House to ban members of the media from White House events for asking critical questions of the President, and affirming the importance of a free and unfettered press in our democracy; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OONS , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , and Mr. R ISCH): S. Res. 602. A resolution supporting the agreement between Prime Minister Tsipras of Greece and Prime Minister Zaev of Mac-edonia to resolve longstanding bilateral dis-putes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. Res. 603. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2018 as ‘‘School Bus Safety Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 604. A resolution to authorize docu-ment production by the Select Committee on Intelligence in United States v. Mariia Butina (D.D.C.); considered and agreed to. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. K ING, Mr. N ELSON , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. W
YDEN , and Ms. H IRONO ): S. Res. 605. A resolution designating the first week in August as ‘‘World Breastfeeding Week’’, and designating August as ‘‘National Breastfeeding Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. V
AN HOLLEN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. M
URRAY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. H IRONO , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. R EED, Mr. U DALL , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. N EL-
SON): S. Con. Res. 42. A concurrent resolution supporting America’s clean car standards and defending State authority under the Clean Air Act to protect their citizens from harmful air pollution; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 58 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 58, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employer- sponsored health coverage. 
S. 108 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) and the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 108, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-peal the excise tax on medical devices. S. 155 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 155, a bill to amend the Na-tional Labor Relations Act to permit employers to pay higher wages to their employees. 
S. 224 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 224, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit tak-ing minors across State lines in cir-cumvention of laws requiring the in-volvement of parents in abortion deci-sions. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 322, a bill to protect victims of do-mestic violence, sexual assault, stalk-ing, and dating violence from emo-tional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 413 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 413, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit pre-scription drug plan sponsors and MA– PD organizations under the Medicare program from retroactively reducing payment on clean claims submitted by pharmacies. 
S. 477 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 477, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal con-genital heart disease research and sur-veillance efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 512, a bill to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy. 
S. 533 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 533, a bill to modernize the Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988. 
S. 569 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 569, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 749 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 749, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require the disclo-sure of the annual percentage rates ap-plicable to Federal student loans. S. 890 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 890, a bill to grant the Congressional Gold Medal to the troops who defended Bataan during World War II. 
S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion against individuals with disabil-ities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collec-tively, to the Chinese-American Vet-erans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1084 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1084, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional insti-tution provides a secure storage area located outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional in-stitution for firearms carried by cer-tain employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons, and for other purposes. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to elimi-nate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to iden-tify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for moth-ers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1152 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1152, a bill to create protections for depository institutions that provide financial services to cannabis-related businesses, and for other purposes. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recogni-tion of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1970 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Michigan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.030 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5584 August 1, 2018 
(Ms. S TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1970, a bill to establish a pub-lic health plan. 
S. 2051 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2051, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to modernize the physician self-referral prohibitions to promote care coordina-tion in the merit-based incentive pay-ment system and to facilitate physi-cian practice participation in alter-native payment models under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2065 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2065, a bill to establish a demonstration program to provide in-tegrated care for Medicare bene-ficiaries with end-stage renal disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 2358 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from Col-orado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2358, a bill to require a study on women and lung cancer, and for other purposes. 
S. 2387 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2387, a bill to provide better care and outcomes for Americans living with Alzheimer’s dis-ease and related dementias and their caregivers while accelerating progress toward prevention strategies, disease modifying treatments, and, ultimately, a cure. 
S. 2430 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2430, a bill to provide a permanent ap-propriation of funds for the payment of death gratuities and related benefits for survivors of deceased members of the uniformed services in event of any period of lapsed appropriations. 
S. 2432 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2432, a bill to amend the char-ter of the Future Farmers of America, and for other purposes. 
S. 2500 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2500, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collec-tively, to the women in the United States who joined the workforce during World War II, providing the vehicles, weaponry, and ammunition to win the war, that were referred to as ‘‘Rosie the Riveter’’, in recognition of their contributions to the United States and the inspiration they have provided to ensuing generations. S. 2554 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2554, a bill to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from pro-viding certain information to enroll-ees. 
S. 2568 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2568, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the indi-vidual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 2633 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2633, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, with respect to civil forfeitures relating to certain seized animals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2705 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2705, a bill to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on inaccurate caller identification information and to require providers of telephone serv-ice to offer technology to subscribers to reduce the incidence of unwanted telephone calls and text messages, and for other purposes. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2863 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2863, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint a coin in commemoration of the opening of the National Law Enforcement Mu-seum in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 3030 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3030, a bill to allow tribal grant schools to participate in the Fed-eral Employee Health Benefits pro-gram. S. 3063 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Arkan-sas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3063, a bill to delay the reimposition of the annual fee on health insurance providers until after 2020. 
S. 3067 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3067, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to permit nurse practitioners and physician as-sistants to satisfy the documentation requirement under the Medicare pro-gram for coverage of certain shoes for individuals with diabetes. 
S. 3140 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3140, a bill to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to provide for the establishment of a trust for the benefit of all unpaid cash sellers of livestock, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3142 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3142, a bill to provide for proper over-sight of North Korea policy, and for other purposes. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the Na-tional Park Service, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3178 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3178, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 3241 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) were added as cosponsors of S. 3241, a bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service. 
S. 3257 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) and the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.032 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5585 August 1, 2018 
Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3257, a bill to impose sanctions on foreign persons respon-sible for serious violations of inter-national law regarding the protection of civilians during armed conflict, and for other purposes. 
S. 3269 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3269, a bill to establish the De-partment of Veterans Affairs Advisory Committee on Tribal and Indian Af-fairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 3284 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3284, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-quire certain tax-exempt organizations to include on annual returns the names and addresses of substantial contribu-tors, and for other purposes. 
S. 3290 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3290, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of the establishment of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. 
S. 3300 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3300, a bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to ensure that all firearms are traceable, and for other purposes. 
S. 3301 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3301, a bill to implement recommendations related to the safety of amphibious passenger vessels, and for other purposes. 
S. 3304 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3304, a bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the publication of 3D printer plans for the printing of firearms, and for other purposes. 
S. 3312 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3312, a bill to sus-pend proposed rulemaking signed by former Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency Scott Pru-itt, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 62 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. COLLINS ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 62, a joint resolution formalizing congressional opposition to any withdrawal from the North Atlantic Treaty, requiring the advice and consent of the Senate to modify or terminate the North Atlan-tic Treaty, and authorizing litigation to advance the Senate’s constitutional authority. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3595 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3595 proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3619 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3619 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3670 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3670 proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill mak-ing appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 3319. A bill to impose additional restrictions on tobacco flavors for use in e-cigarettes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3319 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stopping Appealing Flavors in E-Cigarettes for Kids Act’’ or the ‘‘SAFE Kids Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF TOBACCO FLAVORS. 
(a) T OBACCO PRODUCT STANDARDS .—Section 907(a)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 387g) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) SPECIAL RULE FOR TOBACCO PRODUCTS  
OTHER THAN CIGARETTES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), a tobacco product that is not a cigarette, or any component, part, or acces-sory of such a product, shall not contain, as a constituent (including a smoke or aerosol constituent) or additive, an artificial or nat-ural flavor (other than tobacco) or an herb or spice (including menthol, strawberry, grape, orange, clove, cinnamon, pineapple, vanilla, coconut, licorice, cocoa, chocolate, cherry, and coffee) that is a characterizing flavor of the tobacco product, tobacco smoke, or aer-osol emitted from the product. Nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed to limit the Secretary’s authority to take action under this section or other provisions of this Act applicable to any artificial or natural flavor, herb, or spice not specified in this subparagraph. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—An electronic nicotine delivery system component or part shall not contain or use an artificial or natural flavor (other than tobacco) that is a characterizing flavor of the product or its aerosol unless the Secretary issues an order finding that a manufacturer has demonstrated that use of the characterizing flavor— ‘‘(I) will increase the likelihood of smoking cessation among current users of tobacco products; ‘‘(II) will not increase the likelihood of youth initiation of nicotine or tobacco prod-ucts; and ‘‘(III) will not increase the likelihood of harm to the person using the characterizing flavor.’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 900 of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (8) through (22) as paragraphs (9) through (23); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) E
LECTRONIC NICOTINE DELIVERY SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘electronic nicotine delivery system’— ‘‘(A) means any electronic device that de-livers nicotine, flavor, or another substance via an aerosolized solution to the user inhal-ing from the device (including e-cigarettes, e-hookah, e-cigars, vape pens, advanced re-fillable personal vaporizers, and electronic pipes) and any component, liquid, part, or accessory of such a device, whether or not sold separately; and ‘‘(B) does not include a product that— ‘‘(i) is approved by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration for sale as a tobacco cessation product or for another therapeutic purpose; and ‘‘(ii) is marketed and sold solely for a pur-pose described in (i).’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 9(1) of the Comprehensive Smokeless Tobacco Health Education Act of 1986 (15 U.S.C. 4408(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 900(18)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 900(19)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 3331. A bill to provide for an equi-table management of summer flounder based on geographic, scientific, and economic data and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.034 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5586 August 1, 2018 
There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3331 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fluke Fair-ness Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Summer flounder is an important eco-nomic fish stock for commercial and rec-reational fishermen across the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic United States. (2) The Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) was reauthorized in 2006 and in-stituted annual catch limits and account-ability measures for important fish stocks. (3) That reauthorization prompted fishery managers to look at alternate management schemes to rebuild depleted stocks like sum-mer flounder. (4) Summer flounder occur in both State and Federal waters and are managed through a joint fishery management plan between the Council and the Commission. (5) The Council and the Commission de-cided that each State’s recreational and commercial harvest limits for summer floun-der would be based upon landings in previous years. (6) These historical landings were based on flawed data sets that no longer provide fair-ness or flexibility for fisheries managers to allocate resources based on the best science. (7) This allocation mechanism resulted in an uneven split among the States along the East Coast which is problematic. (8) The fishery management plan for sum-mer flounder does not account for regional changes in the location of the fluke stock even though the stock has moved further to the north and changes in effort by anglers along the East Coast. (9) The States have been locked in a man-agement system based on data that occurred over a decade ago and the summer flounder stock is not being managed using the best available science and modern fishery man-agement techniques. (10) It is in the interest of the Federal Gov-ernment to establish a new fishery manage-ment plan for summer flounder that is based on current geographic, scientific, and eco-nomic realities. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission. (2) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means the Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Coun-cil established under section 302(a) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852(a)). (3) N
ATIONAL STANDARDS .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Standards’’ means the national stand-ards for fishery conservation and manage-ment set out in section 301(a) of the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act (16 U.S.C. 1851(a)). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (5) S
UMMER FLOUNDER .—The term ‘‘summer flounder’’ means the species Paralichthys dentatus. 
SEC. 4. SUMMER FLOUNDER MANAGEMENT RE-FORM. 
(a) F ISHERY MANAGEMENT PLAN MODIFICA -
TION.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Council shall sub-mit to the Secretary, and the Secretary may approve, a modified fishery management plan for the commercial and recreational management of summer flounder under title III of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 et seq.) or an amendment to such plan that— (1) shall be based on the best scientific in-formation available; (2) reflects changes in the distribution, abundance, and location of summer flounder in establishing distribution of the commer-cial and recreational catch quotas; (3) considers regional, coastwide, or other management measures for summer flounder that comply with the National Standards; and (4) prohibits the allocation of commercial or recreational catch quotas for summer flounder on a State-by-State basis using his-torical landings data that does not reflect the status of the summer flounder stock, based on the most recent scientific informa-tion. (b) CONSULTATION WITH THE COMMISSION .— In preparing the modified fishery manage-ment plan or an amendment to such a plan as described in subsection (a), the Council shall consult with the Commission to ensure consistent management throughout the range of the summer flounder. (c) F
AILURE TOSUBMIT PLAN.—If the Coun-cil fails to submit a modified fishery man-agement plan or an amendment to such a plan as described in subsection (a) that may be approved by the Secretary, the Secretary shall prepare and approve such a modified plan or amendment. 
SEC. 5. REPORT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the approval under section 4 of a modified fish-ery management plan for the commercial and recreational management of summer flounder or an amendment to such plan, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the im-plementation of such modified plan or amendment that includes an assessment of whether such implementation complies with the National Standards. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 601—CON-DEMNING THE DECISION BY PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP AND THE WHITE HOUSE TO BAN MEM-BERS OF THE MEDIA FROM WHITE HOUSE EVENTS FOR ASK-ING CRITICAL QUESTIONS OF THE PRESIDENT, AND AFFIRM-ING THE IMPORTANCE OF A FREE AND UNFETTERED PRESS IN OUR DEMOCRACY Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C ARDIN , and Ms. H
ASSAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 601 Whereas President Donald Trump repeat-edly refers to reputable journalists and mul-tiple media organizations as ‘‘fake news’’; Whereas President Trump has character-ized media organizations as ‘‘a stain on America’’; Whereas President Trump has also charac-terized media organizations as ‘‘the real enemy of the people’’, while simultaneously characterizing his summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin as ‘‘a great suc-cess’’; Whereas President Trump has threatened media organizations such as CNN and the Washington Post with antitrust actions while ignoring antitrust concerns with news organizations that provide him favorable coverage; Whereas, on July 25, 2016, the White House singled out CNN reporter Kaitlan Collins and barred her from attending an event at the White House Rose Garden; Whereas Ms. Collins asked President Trump questions regarding his former attor-ney Michael Cohen and Russian President Vladimir Putin, which he did not answer, at the White House press pool earlier in the day; Whereas the White House alleged that Ms. Collins’ questions were inappropriate for the venue; Whereas the White House’s justification for removing Ms. Collins was clearly a pre-text, and the real reason she was removed was that President Trump didn’t like Ms. Collins’ questions, which made him uncom-fortable; Whereas President Trump has threatened to take away the White House press creden-tials of journalists whose coverage he does not like; Whereas the decision to bar a member of the press from the White House for the ques-tions the member asked is retaliatory in na-ture, violates the spirit of the First Amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States, and is not indicative of an open and free press; and Whereas a free and unfettered press is the cornerstone of our democracy: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the decision by President Donald Trump and the White House to bar Kaitlan Collins from the White House; (2) condemns the escalating attacks by President Trump on reputable journalists and news organizations as ‘‘fake news’’, ‘‘a stain on America’’, and ‘‘the real enemy of the people’’; (3) affirms that it is necessary and appro-priate for reporters to ask questions of pow-erful government officials, including the President of the United States, in order to hold these officials accountable to the people of the United States; and (4) affirms that reporters and journalists must be able to feel free to do their duty without fear of reprisal from the Govern-ment. f SENATE RESOLUTION 602—SUP-PORTING THE AGREEMENT BE-TWEEN PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS OF GREECE AND PRIME MINISTER ZAEV OF MACEDONIA TO RESOLVE LONGSTANDING BI-LATERAL DISPUTES Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. J
OHN-
SON, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OONS , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. B ARRASSO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. R
ISCH) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 602 Whereas, on June 17, 2018, Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras and Prime Minister of Macedonia Zoran Zaev signed an agree-ment to officially change the constitutional name of the ‘‘Republic of Macedonia’’ to the ‘‘Republic of North Macedonia’’ and end a 27- year-long dispute; Whereas, on June 12, 2018, the United States Department of State congratulated Prime Ministers Tsipras and Zaev and wel-comed their historic agreement to resolve the name dispute; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.038 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5587 August 1, 2018 
Whereas, on June 12, 2018, the European Union’s High Representative for Foreign Pol-icy, Federica Mogherini, and the European Union’s Commissioner for Enlargement, Jo-hannes Hahn, issued a joint statement wholeheartedly congratulating Prime Min-isters Tsipras and Zaev, their teams, and the people of the two countries, and further re-affirming that the European Union perspec-tive of the Western Balkans remains the most stabilizing force for the region; Whereas, on June 12, 2018, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg stated, ‘‘This his-toric agreement is testament to many years of patient diplomacy, and to the willingness of these two leaders to solve a dispute which has affected the region for too long.’’; Whereas the agreement paves the way for Macedonia to begin accession talks to join NATO and the European Union; Whereas, on July 5, 2018, Macedonia’s par-liament ratified the agreement to rename the country as the ‘‘Republic of North Mac-edonia,’’ and under the terms of the agree-ment the Government of Macedonia may hold a public referendum and shall pass a constitutional amendment to rename the country, and the parliament of Greece must vote on ratification of the agreement; Whereas Russia consistently seeks to un-dermine agreements that enhance European cohesion, broaden the NATO alliance, or strengthen transatlantic partnerships; Whereas the Governments of both Greece and Macedonia have accused Russia of med-dling in their domestic affairs to undermine the name agreement, including by organizing public protests and deepening ties with na-tionalist organizations; Whereas, on July 11, 2018, the Government of Greece announced the expulsion of two Russian diplomats and barred the entry of two additional Russian diplomats due to their involvement in funding public protests to undermine the name deal; Whereas Greece is a longstanding NATO member and valued United States ally, con-tributing 2.6 percent of its gross domestic product (GDP) to defense and hosting United States Naval Support Activity at Souda Bay; Whereas Macedonia joined NATO’s Part-nership for Peace in 1995, joined NATO’s Membership Action Plan in 1999, and is one of the largest per-capita troop contributors to the NATO-led mission in Afghanistan; Whereas, on July 11, 2018, NATO allies for-mally invited Macedonia to begin accession talks to join the alliance under the name ‘‘Republic of North Macedonia’’; and Whereas, on July 19, 2018, Macedonia’s par-liament unanimously adopted a declaration supporting the country’s bid to join NATO: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) welcomes the agreement between Greece and the Republic of Macedonia to re-solve the name dispute and to strengthen bi-lateral relations for the benefit of both coun-tries; (2) congratulates Prime Ministers Alexis Tsipras and Zoran Zaev, Foreign Ministers Nikos Kotzias and Nikola Dimitrov, their teams, and the people of both countries for this historic achievement; (3) affirms that stability in southeastern Europe is an important United States na-tional security interest; (4) condemns efforts by the Government of the Russian Federation to undermine the agreement and supports United States as-sistance to authorities in Athens and Skopje to counter malign Russian influence; (5) urges Macedonia to continue imple-menting important reforms as it seeks to join NATO and the European Union, includ-ing those related to protecting freedom of expression, strengthening the rule of law, and fighting corruption; and (6) encourages the United States Depart-ment of Commerce, Department of State, and other relevant agencies to support United States companies interested in in-vesting in southeastern Europe. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 603—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2018 AS ‘‘SCHOOL BUS SAFETY MONTH’’ Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 603 Whereas, every school day in the United States, approximately 500,000 public and pri-vate school buses carry more than 26,000,000 children to and from school; Whereas school buses comprise the largest mass transportation fleet in the United States; Whereas 55 percent of all K–12 students ride a school bus, totaling 260,000,000 miles for each of the 180 school days in a year, or 46,800,000,000 miles driven annually; Whereas the Child Safety Network, cele-brating 29 years of national public service, supports the CSN Safe Bus campaign, which is designed to provide the latest technology and free safety and security resources to the school bus industry; Whereas the designation of School Bus Safety Month will allow broadcast and dig-ital media and social networking industries to make commitments to disseminate public service announcements that are produced in order— (1) to provide resources designed to safe-guard children; and (2) to recognize school bus drivers and pro-fessionals; Whereas key leaders who are deserving of recognition during School Bus Safety Month and beyond have provided security awareness training materials to more than 14,000 public and private school districts, trained more than 100,000 school bus operators, and pro-vided more than 110,000 counterterrorism guides to individuals who are key to pro-viding both safety and security for children in the United States; and Whereas School Bus Safety Month offers the Senate and the people of the United States an opportunity to recognize and thank all of the school bus drivers in the United States and the professionals who are focused on school bus safety and security: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate designates Sep-tember 2018 as ‘‘School Bus Safety Month’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 604—TO AU-THORIZE DOCUMENT PRODUC-TION BY THE SELECT COM-MITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE IN UNITED STATES V. MARIIA BUTINA (D.D.C.) Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 604 Whereas, the prosecution and the defend-ant in United States v. Mariia Butina, Cr. No. 18–218, currently pending in the United States District Court for the District of Co-lumbia, have requested copies of a transcript of an interview of the defendant conducted by the Select Committee on Intelligence; Whereas, by the privileges of the Senate of the United States and Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, no evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate can, by administrative or judicial process, be taken from such control or possession but by permission of the Senate; Whereas, when it appears that documents, papers, and records under the control or in the possession of the Senate may promote the administration of justice, the Senate will take such action as will promote the ends of justice consistent with the privileges of the Senate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, acting jointly, are author-ized to provide to the parties in United States v. Mariia Butina, under appropriate security procedures, copies of the transcript of the interview of the defendant taken by the Committee. Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and the distinguished Democratic leader, Mr. S
CHUMER , I send to the desk a resolution on docu-mentary production by the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, and ask for its immediate consideration. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Select Committee on Intelligence has received requests from the Department of Justice and from the defendant in a pending criminal case for copies of a transcript of an interview that the Committee staff conducted of the de-fendant in April 2018 for use in prepara-tion for trial. This resolution would authorize the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence, act-ing jointly, to provide copies of the interview transcript, under appropriate security procedures, to both parties in response to this request. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 605—DESIG-NATING THE FIRST WEEK IN AU-GUST AS ‘‘WORLD BREASTFEEDING WEEK’’, AND DESIGNATING AUGUST AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL BREASTFEEDING MONTH’’ Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. K ING, Mr. N ELSON , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 605 Whereas the American Academy of Pediat-rics recommends that breastfeeding continue for at least 12 months after the birth of a baby and for as long as the mother and baby desire; Whereas the World Alliance for Breastfeeding Action has designated the first week of August as ‘‘World Breastfeeding Week’’, and the United States Breastfeeding Committee has designated August as ‘‘Na-tional Breastfeeding Month’’; Whereas National Breastfeeding Month fo-cuses on how data and measurement can be used to build and reinforce the connections between breastfeeding and a broad spectrum of other health topics and initiatives; Whereas World Breastfeeding Week and National Breastfeeding Month provide im-portant opportunities to address barriers to breastfeeding faced by families across the United States; Whereas, according to the 2016 Breastfeeding Report Card of the Centers for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.040 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5588 August 1, 2018 
Disease Control and Prevention, 81.1 percent of mothers in the United States, or about 4 out of every 5 mothers in the United States, start breastfeeding their babies at the birth of their baby; Whereas by the end of 6 months after the birth of a baby, breastfeeding rates for moth-ers in the United States fall to 51.8 percent, and only 22.3 percent of babies in the United States are exclusively breastfed at 6 months of age; Whereas 2 of every 3 mothers report that they are unable to reach their personal breastfeeding goals; Whereas there are substantial racial and ethnic disparities in breastfeeding initiation and duration; Whereas, in 2014, 85.7 percent of non-His-panic White infants were breastfed, as com-pared to— (1) 68.0 percent of non-Hispanic Black in-fants; and (2) 79.5 percent of non-Hispanic American Indian and Alaska Native infants; Whereas the Healthy People 2020 objectives for breastfeeding are that— (1) 82 percent of babies are breastfed at some time; (2) 61 percent of babies continue to be breastfed at 6 months; and (3) 34 percent of babies continue to be breastfed at 1 year; Whereas breastfeeding is a proven primary prevention strategy that builds a foundation for life-long health and wellness; Whereas the evidence of the value of breastfeeding to the health of women and children is scientific, solid, and continually reaffirmed by new research; Whereas, during the first year of the life of a baby, a family that follows optimal breastfeeding practices can save between $1,200 and $1,500 in expenses on infant for-mula; Whereas a 2016 study of maternal and pedi-atric health outcomes and associated costs based on 2012 breastfeeding rates indicates that if 90 percent of infants were breastfed according to medical recommendations, 3,340 deaths, $3,000,000,000 in medical costs, and $14,200,000,000 in costs relating to premature death would be prevented annually; Whereas the great majority of pregnant women and new mothers want to breastfeed but face significant barriers in community, health care, and employment settings; and Whereas a 2016 study found that universal breastfeeding— (1) could prevent 800,000 child deaths per year across the world; and (2) is an invaluable tool for mothers to pro-vide essential nutrients to protect newborns against infectious diseases in developing countries: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the first week of August 2018 as ‘‘World Breastfeeding Week’’; (2) designates August 2018 as ‘‘National Breastfeeding Month’’; (3) supports the goals of National Breastfeeding Month; and (4) supports policies and funding to ensure that all mothers who choose to breastfeed can access a full range of appropriate sup-port from child care and health care institu-tions, health care insurers, employers, re-searchers, and government entities. SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 42—SUPPORTING AMERICA’S CLEAN CAR STANDARDS AND DEFENDING STATE AUTHORITY UNDER THE CLEAN AIR ACT TO PROTECT THEIR CITIZENS FROM HARMFUL AIR POLLUTION Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. C ARPER , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. C
OONS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. S
MITH, Ms. H IRONO , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. R EED, Mr. U
DALL , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. C
ASEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. N
ELSON ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Environment and Public Works: 
S. C ON. RES. 42 Whereas Congress enacted the Clean Air Act, requiring the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to set standards controlling air pollutant emissions from motor vehicles and preventing the endangerment of public health and welfare; Whereas Congress enacted section 209 of the Clean Air Act allowing the State of Cali-fornia to set vehicle emissions standards that meet or exceed Federal emission regula-tions; Whereas Congress enacted section 177 of the Clean Air Act to allow States besides California to adopt California’s stronger standards in lieu of Federal requirements; Whereas the EPA has authority under the Clean Air Act to regulate greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from vehicles; Whereas the States of California, Con-necticut, Delaware, Maine, Maryland, Massa-chusetts, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, and Washington have elected to set vehicle emis-sions standards that are more stringent than otherwise applicable Federal vehicle emis-sion standards and can do so based on prin-ciples of cooperative federalism pursuant to the Clean Air Act; Whereas Congress enacted the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act and the Ten-in-Ten Fuel Economy Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), re-quiring the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to set maximum feasible corporate average fuel economy standards with the ultimate goal of promoting energy savings and reducing oil consumption; Whereas Congress enacted legislation re-quiring the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to set Corporate Average Fuel Economy Standards with the ultimate goal of promoting energy savings and reduc-ing oil consumption; Whereas the Federal Government, the State of California, and the auto industry agreed to a coordinated set of regulations, called the One National Program, that aligned these light-duty vehicle GHG emis-sions and fuel economy standards as closely as possible and set achievable standards of increasing stringency through model year 2025; Whereas the EPA, together with the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion and the California Air Resources Board, collaborated on extensive analysis that clearly demonstrated that the existing standards are technically feasible and can be met at reasonable cost; Whereas in January 2017, the EPA issued a final determination to maintain the existing GHG emissions standards for vehicles of model years 2022 through 2025, based on the extensive technical record showing the standards are appropriate and achievable; Whereas the administration must adhere to cooperative federalism principles by meet-ing with key State stakeholders before im-pacting their State goals on emissions and public health; Whereas America’s light-duty vehicle GHG emissions and fuel economy standards sup-port over 288,000 auto manufacturing jobs across 1,200 facilities in the United States; Whereas America’s light-duty vehicle GHG emissions and fuel economy standards are keeping United States auto companies com-petitive globally and protecting American consumers from dirtier and more costly technology, as other countries adopt strict clean car policies; Whereas transportation has now surpassed the energy sector as the largest source of GHG emissions in the United States; Whereas America’s light-duty vehicle GHG emissions and fuel economy standards, if fully implemented through model year 2025, will— (1) reduce American consumption of oil by 2,400,000 barrels per day; (2) save American consumers $130,000,000,000 at the pump by 2030; and (3) reduce GHG emissions by 470,000,000 metric tons by 2030; Whereas America’s light-duty vehicle GHG emissions and fuel economy standards pro-tect low-income communities and commu-nities of color from disproportionate public health and economic burden; and Whereas 87 percent of Americans support maintaining strong clean car standards and want automakers to continue to improve fuel economy for all types of vehicles: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) supports the existing One National Pro-gram, agreed to with State stakeholders, with the goals of reducing GHG emissions and oil usage, protecting national security, and protecting human health and welfare; and (2) supports policies to achieve that goal that will— (A) achieve maximum feasible oil use re-ductions and reduce GHG emissions from mobile sources; (B) recognize the rights and importance of States in cooperative federalism to set and follow stronger vehicle emissions standards under the Clean Air Act if they so choose; and (C) ensure the administration, Department of Transportation, and Environmental Pro-tection Agency solicit input from State par-ties impacted by any changes to the existing GHG emissions standards for light-duty vehi-cles and the associated standards for cor-porate average fuel economy. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3687. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4, to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3688. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. D
ON-
NELLY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2101, to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indian-apolis, in recognition of their perseverance, bravery, and service to the United States. SA 3689. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.042 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5589 August 1, 2018 
bill H.R. 4, to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3690. Mr. GARDNER (for Mr. R
UBIO) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2497, to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improvements to certain defense and secu-rity assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3687. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4, to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 53, between lines 7 and 8, insert the following: 
SEC. 1228. FORMER MILITARY AIRPORTS. 
Section 47118(a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(C) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the airport is— ‘‘(A) a former military airport that sup-ported military operations after December 31, 1965; and ‘‘(B) a nonhub primary airport in the most currently published National Plan of Inte-grated Airport Systems.’’. 
SA 3688. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. D
ONNELLY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2101, to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in rec-ognition of their perseverance, bravery, and service to the United States; as fol-lows: 
On page 2, beginning on line 4, strike ‘‘was commanded’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Tinian’’ on line 7 and insert ‘‘, commanded by Captain Charles Butler McVay III, carried 1,195 personnel when it set sail for the island of Tinian’’. On page 2, line 19, strike ‘‘explosion’’ and insert ‘‘explosions’’. On page 2, line 19, strike ‘‘off’’. On page 2, line 20, strike ‘‘1,196 crew mem-bers’’ and insert ‘‘1,195 personnel’’. On page 2, line 24, strike ‘‘Shortly after 11 a.m.’’ and insert ‘‘At 10:25 a.m.’’. On page 3, line 21, strike ‘‘317 men’’ and in-sert ‘‘316 men’’. 
SA 3689. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4, to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 560, between lines 10 and 11, insert the following: 
SEC. 6805. TORT CLAIMS PROCEDURE. 
Section 2680(h) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, including an employee of the Transportation Security Administration,’’ after ‘‘officer of the United States’’. 
SA 3690. Mr. GARDNER (for Mr. R
UBIO) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2497, to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Ex-port Control Act to make improve-ments to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes; as follows: On page 29, after line 26, add the following: (5) The current United States inventory of the precision guided munitions described in paragraphs (1) and (2), and an assessment whether such inventory meets the United States total munitions requirement. On page 31, strike line 20 and insert ‘‘at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and’’. On page 40, after line 21, add the following: (d) R
EPORT ON COOPERATION .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees (as that term is defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code), the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report describing the cooperation of the United States with Israel with respect to countering unmanned aerial systems that includes each of the following: (A) An identification of specific capability gaps of the United States and Israel with re-spect to countering unmanned aerial sys-tems. (B) An identification of cooperative projects that would address those capability gaps and mutually benefit and strengthen the security of the United States and Israel. (C) An assessment of the projected cost for research and development efforts for such co-operative projects, including an identifica-tion of those to be conducted in the United States, and the timeline for the completion of each such project. (D) An assessment of the extent to which the capability gaps of the United States identified pursuant to subparagraph (A) are not likely to be addressed through the coop-erative projects identified pursuant to sub-paragraph (B). (E) An assessment of the projected costs for procurement and fielding of any capabili-ties developed jointly pursuant to an agree-ment described in subsection (c). (2) L
IMITATION .—No activities may be con-ducted pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (c) until the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report required under paragraph (1). f 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO PROCEEDING I, Senator R
ONWYDEN , intend to ob-ject to proceeding to the nomination of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treas-ury, dated August 1, 2018. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I have 9 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, August 01, 2018, at 9:45 a.m., to conduct a business meeting and hearing on the following nominations: Rick A. Dearborn, of Oklahoma, to be a Director of the Am-trak Board of Directors, and Martin J. Oberman, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, August 01, 2018, at 9:45 a.m., to conduct a business meeting and hearing on the following nomina-tions: William Charles McIntosh, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Adminis-trator, and Peter C. Wright, of Michi-gan, to be Assistant Administrator, Of-fice of Solid Waste, both of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, Mary Bridget Neumayr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Council on Environ-mental Quality, and John Fleming, of Louisiana, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development, and General Services Administration resolutions. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, August 01, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, August 01, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary, and Michael J. Desmond, of California, to be Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Serv-ice and an Assistant General Counsel, both of the Department of the Treas-ury. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, Au-gust 01, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: R. Clarke Cooper, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (Political-Military Affairs), and John Cotton Richmond, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambassador at Large, both of the Department of State. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, August 01, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Richard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit, Diane Gujarati, Eric Ross Komitee, and Rachel P. Kovner, each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.045 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5590 August 1, 2018 
to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, John L. Sinatra, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, and Lewis J. Liman, and Mary Kay Vyskocil, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of New York. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, Au-gust 01, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, August 01, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SPACE , SCIENCE , AND 
COMPETITIVENESS  
The Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, August 01, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Erin McGinnis, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my legislative fellow Long Lam and intern Erin McGinniss be granted privileges of the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 2018, THROUGH WEDNESDAY, AU-GUST 15, 2018 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, Au-gust 3, at 10:30 a.m.; Tuesday, August 7, at 10 a.m.; Friday, August 10, at 10:30 a.m.; Tuesday, August 14, at 1 p.m. I further ask that when the Senate ad-journs on Tuesday, August 14, it next convene at 12 noon on Wednesday, Au-gust 15, and that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Quattlebaum nomination; further, that notwithstanding the pro-visions of rule XXII, the cloture mo-tions filed during today’s session ripen at 5:30 p.m., Wednesday, August 15; fi-nally, that the Senate recess, following the resumption of the Quattlebaum nomination, until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly caucus meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 2018, AT 10:30 A.M. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 8:09 p.m., adjourned until Friday, August 3, 2018, at 10:30 a.m. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
KELVIN DROEGEMEIER, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE DIREC-TOR OF THE OFFICE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY POL-ICY, VICE JOHN P. HOLDREN. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
JOEL SZABAT, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION, VICE SUSAN L. KURLAND, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
CAROL Z. PEREZ, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE DIRECTOR GENERAL OF THE FOR-EIGN SERVICE, VICE ARNOLD A. CHACON, RESIGNED. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate August 1, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
EMILY COODY MARKS, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF ALABAMA. JEFFREY UHLMAN BEAVERSTOCK, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA. HOLLY LOU TEETER, OF KANSAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF KANSAS. 
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL  
INTELLIGENCE  
JASON KLITENIC, OF MARYLAND, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NA-TIONAL INTELLIGENCE. 
THE JUDICIARY  
COLM F. CONNOLLY, OF DELAWARE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELA-WARE. MARYELLEN NOREIKA, OF DELAWARE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELA-WARE. JILL AIKO OTAKE, OF HAWAII, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF HAWAII. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.049 S01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1115 August 1, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, August 2, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
AUGUST 15 10:15 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Communications Commis-sion. SR–253 10:30 a.m. Committee on Rules and Administration Business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Secure Elections Act’’. SR–301 AUGUST 22 2:45 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine cultural sovereignty, focusing on ef-forts to maintain and revitalize Native languages for future generations. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M01AU8.000 E01AUPT1Sspencer on DSK30JT082PROD with REMARKS
D898 Wednesday, August 1, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. Senate passed H.R. 6147, Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, as amended. Senate agreed to the conference report to accompany H.R. 5515, John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5527–S5590 Measures Introduced: Thirty-two bills and six res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3316–3347, S. Res. 601–605, and S. Con. Res. 42. 
                                                                                    Pages S5581–83 
Measures Reported: Report to accompany S. 440, to establish a proce-dure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota. (S. Rept. No. 115–313) Report to accompany S. 2074, to establish a pro-cedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota. (S. Rept. No. 115–314) Report to accompany H.R. 2897, to authorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into coopera-tive management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the Na-tional Park System in the District of Columbia. (S. Rept. No. 115–315) Report to accompany H.R. 4609, to provide for the conveyance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire station. (S. Rept. No. 115–316) H.R. 5772, to designate the J. Marvin Jones Fed-eral Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’. S. 3021, to designate the United States courthouse located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Courthouse’’.
                                                                Page S5581 Measures Passed: Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act: By 92 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. 180), Senate passed H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, after taking ac-tion on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S5538 
Adopted: By 83 yeas to 15 nays (Vote No. 178), Collins (for Baldwin) Amendment No. 3524 (to Amend-ment No. 3399), to appropriate funds to carry out programs relating to the innovation, process im-provement, and marketing of dairy products. (Pursu-ant to the order of Tuesday, July 31, 2018, the amendment having achieved 60 affirmative votes, was agreed to.)
                                                    Pages S5535–36 
Shelby Amendment No. 3399, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                      Page S5538 
Rejected: By 50 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 176), Collins (for Leahy) Amendment No. 3464 (to Amendment No. 3399), to provide for election security grants. (Pursuant to the order of Tuesday, July 31, 2018, the amendment having failed to achieve 60 affirma-tive votes, was not agreed to.)
                            Page S5534 
By 14 yeas to 84 nays (Vote No. 177), Collins (for Lee/Booker) Amendment No. 3522 (to Amend-ment No. 3399), to prohibit the use of funds to en-force standards of identity with respect to certain food. (Pursuant to the order of Tuesday, July 31, 2018, the amendment having failed to achieve 60 af-firmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                 Page S5535 
Collins (for Cruz) Amendment No. 3402 (to Amendment No. 3399), to prohibit the use of funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01AU8.REC D01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D899 August 1, 2018 
to carry out the District of Columbia’s health insur-ance individual mandate. (By 54 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 179), Senate tabled the amendment.) 
                                                                                            Page S5536 
Withdrawn: Murkowski Amendment No. 3400 (to Amend-ment No. 3399), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S5538 
Authorizing Document Production by the Select Committee on Intelligence: Senate agreed to S. Res. 604, to authorize document production by the Select Committee on Intelligence in United States v. Mariia Butina (D.D.C.).
                                                 Pages S5559–60 
National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act: Sen-ate passed H.R. 2345, to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easy-to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system.
                 Page S5560 
Joseph Sanford Jr. Channel: Senate passed S. 1668, to rename a waterway in the State of New York as the ‘‘Joseph Sanford Jr. Channel’’. 
                                                                                            Page S5560 
Tribal Transportation Self-Governance Pro-gram: Senate passed H.R. 6414, to amend title 23, United States Code, to extend the deadline for pro-mulgation of regulations under the tribal transpor-tation self-governance program.
                         Page S5560 
USS Indianapolis Congressional Gold Medal Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 2101, to award a Congressional Gold Medal, col-lectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in rec-ognition of their perseverance, bravery, and service to the United States, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S5560 
McConnell (for Donnelly/Young) Amendment No. 3688, relating to USS Indianapolis statistics. 
                                                                                    Pages S5560–61 
United States-Israel Security Assistance Author-ization Act: Senate passed S. 2497, to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improvements to certain de-fense and security assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment pro-posed thereto:
                                                              Page S5570 
Gardner (for Rubio) Amendment No. 3690, of a perfecting nature.
                                                       Page S5569 
Conference Reports: John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act: By 87 yeas to 10 nays (Vote No. 181), Senate agreed to the conference report to accompany H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year.               Page S5543 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the con-ference report to accompany the bill, be withdrawn. 
                                                                                            Page S5536 
House Messages: Agriculture and Nutrition Act—Conferees: Pur-suant to the order of Tuesday, July 31, 2018, the Chair appointed the following as conferees on the part of the Senate to H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023: Senators Roberts, McConnell, Booz-man, Hoeven, Ernst, Stabenow, Leahy, Brown, and Heitkamp.
                                                                     Page S5547 
MAIN STREET Cybersecurity Act: Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendments of the House of Representatives to S. 770, to require the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology to disseminate guidance to help re-duce small business cybersecurity risks.
         Page S5561 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, August 3, 2018 at 10:30 a.m.; Tuesday, August 7, 2018 at 10 a.m.; Friday, August 10, 2018 at 10:30 a.m.; Tuesday, August 14, 2018 at 1 p.m.; and that when the Senate ad-journs on Tuesday, August 14, 2018, it next con-vene at 12 noon, on Wednesday, August 15, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S5590 
Quattlebaum Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. 
                                                                                            Page S5559 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Wednesday, August 1, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m. on Wednesday, Au-gust 15, 2018.
                                                            Page S5559 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01AU8.REC D01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD900 August 1, 2018 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S5559 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 12 noon, on Wednes-day, August 15, 2018, Senate resume consideration of the nomination; that notwithstanding the provi-sions of Rule XXII, the cloture motions filed during the session of Wednesday, August 1, 2018 ripen at 5:30 p.m., on Wednesday, August 15, 2018; and that Senate recess following the resumption of the nomination until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly caucus meeting.
                                                          Page S5590 
Richardson Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Julius Ness Rich-ardson, of South Carolina, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit.
                    Page S5559 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit.
                                                    Page S5559 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S5559 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S5559 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Emily Coody Marks, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ala-bama. Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Alabama. Holly Lou Teeter, of Kansas, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas. Colm F. Connolly, of Delaware, to be United States District Judge for the District of Delaware. Maryellen Noreika, of Delaware, to be United States District Judge for the District of Delaware. Jill Aiko Otake, of Hawaii, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii. Jason Klitenic, of Maryland, to be General Coun-sel of the Office of the Director of National Intel-ligence.
                                                                            Page S5590 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Kelvin Droegemeier, of Oklahoma, to be Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy. Joel Szabat, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Transportation. Carol Z. Perez, of Virginia, to be Director General of the Foreign Service.                                            Page S5590 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S5580 
Executive Communications:                             Page S5580 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S5580–81 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S5581 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5583–85 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5588–86 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5579–80 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5588–89 
Notices of Intent:                                                    Page S5589 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S5588–89 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5590 
Record Votes: Six record votes were taken today. (Total—181)
                             Pages S5534–36, S5538, S5543 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:09 p.m., until 10:30 a.m. on Friday, August 3, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5590.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation: Committee ordered favorably reported the fol-lowing business items: S. 3277, to reduce regulatory burdens and stream-line processes related to commercial space activities, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2242, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to clarify the authority of the Administrator of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration with respect to post-storm assessments, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2861, to prosecute, as a Federal crime, the as-sault or intimidation of a passenger train crew mem-ber to the same extent as such actions against air-craft crew members are prosecuted, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3119, to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its tributaries to protect en-dangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01AU8.REC D01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D901 August 1, 2018 
S. 3143, to provide for a coordinated Federal pro-gram to accelerate quantum research and develop-ment for the economic and national security of the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3265, to require the Secretary of Commerce to undertake certain activities to support waterfront community revitalization and resiliency; S. 3273, to improve the safety, efficiency, and re-liability of the movement of goods through ports and intermodal connections to ports, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; and The nomination Martin J. Oberman, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board. THE SEARCH FOR LIFE Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Space, Science, and Competiveness concluded a hearing to examine the search for life, focusing on utilizing science to explore our solar sys-tem and make new discoveries, after receiving testi-mony from Ellen R. Stofan, John and Adrienne Mars Director, Smithsonian National Air and Space Mu-seum; Thomas Zurbuchen, Associate Administrator for the Science Mission Directorate, National Aero-nautics and Space Administration; Sara Seager, Mas-sachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge; and David Spergel, Princeton University, Princeton, New Jersey. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: H.R. 5772, to designate the J. Marvin Jones Fed-eral Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’; S. 3021, to designate the United States courthouse located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Courthouse’’; 6 General Services Resolutions; and The nominations of William Charles McIntosh, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Administrator, and Peter C. Wright, of Michigan, to be Assistant Ad-ministrator, Office of Solid Waste, both of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, Mary Bridget Neumayr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Coun-cil on Environmental Quality, and John Fleming, of Louisiana, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY AGENDA Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the Environ-mental Protection Agency’s agenda, focusing on pro-tecting the environment and allowing America’s economy to grow, after receiving testimony from Andrew Wheeler, Acting Administrator, Environ-mental Protection Agency. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary, and Michael J. Desmond, of California, to be Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service and an Assistant Gen-eral Counsel, both of the Department of the Treas-ury. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of R. Clarke Cooper, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (Po-litical-Military Affairs), and John Cotton Richmond, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambas-sador at Large, both of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Richard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit, Diane Gujarati, Eric Ross Komitee, and Rachel P. Kovner, each to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, John L. Sinatra, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, and Lewis J. Liman, and Mary Kay Vyskocil, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of New York, after the nominees, who were introduced by Senator Gilli-brand, testified and answered questions in their own behalf. VETERANS AFFAIRS LEGISLATION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine S. 3184, to amend title 38, United States Code, to modify the requirements for applications for construction of State home facilities to increase the maximum percentage of nonveterans allowed to be treated at such facilities, S. 1596, to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase cer-tain funeral benefits for veterans, S. 2881, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to seek to enter into an agreement with the city of Vallejo, California, for the transfer of Mare Island Naval Cemetery in Vallejo, California, S. 1952, to improve oversight and accountability of the financial processes of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 1990, to amend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01AU8.REC D01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD902 August 1, 2018 
title 38, United States Code, to increase the amounts payable by the Department of Veterans Affairs for dependency and indemnity compensation, to modify the requirements for dependency and indemnity compensation for survivors of certain veterans rated totally disabled at the time of death, S. 2485, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide pay-ment of Medal of Honor special pension under such title to the surviving spouse of a deceased Medal of Honor recipient, S. 2748, to amend title 10, United States Code, to require members of the Armed Forces to receive additional training under the Tran-sition Assistance Program, S. 514, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guid-ed resonance therapy to veterans, H.R. 299, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify pre-sumptions relating to the exposure of certain vet-erans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, H.R. 5418, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to carry out the Medical Surgical Prime Vendor program using multiple prime vendors, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Veterans Dental Care Eligi-bility Expansion and Enhancement Act of 2018’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘VA Hiring Enhancement Act’’, an original bill to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to establish a program to award grants to persons to provide and coordinate the provision of suicide prevention services for veterans transitioning from service in the Armed Forces who are at risk of suicide and for their families, and an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Modernization of Medical Records Access for Veterans Act’’, after receiving testimony from Paul R. Lawrence, Under Secretary for Benefits, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; Chanin Nuntavong, The American Legion, Pacifica, California; Gerald T. Manar, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, Warrenton, Virginia; Thomas J. Snee, Fleet Reserve Association, Burke, Virginia; and Rick Weidman, Vietnam Veterans of America, Silver Spring, Maryland. FOREIGN INFLUENCE OPERATIONS Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine foreign influence operations and their use of social media platforms, after receiving testimony from Todd C. Helmus, Rand Corporation, and Laura Rosenberger, Alliance for Securing De-mocracy, both of Washington, D.C.; Renee DiResta, New Knowledge, San Francisco, Calfiornia; John W. Kelly, Graphika, New York, New York; and Philip N. Howard, Oxford Internet Institute, Oxford, United Kingdom. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 10 a.m. on Friday, August 3, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. NEW PUBLIC LAWS (For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D894) 
H.R. 2353, to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Ca-reer and Technical Education Act of 2006. Signed on July 31, 2018. (Public Law 115–224) S. 1182, to extend the National Flood Insurance Program. Signed on July 31, 2018. (Public Law 115–225) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01AU8.REC D01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D903 August 1, 2018 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 114 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 397 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through July 31, 2018 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 115 113 . . Time in session ................................... 670 hrs., 49 ′ 517 hrs., 11′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 5,526 7,735 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,113 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 33 92 125 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . 1 1 Bills in conference ............................... 3 3 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 299 504 803 Senate bills .................................. 55 37 . . House bills .................................. 89 364 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 4 2 . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 3 1 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 13 15 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 135 85 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *210 *389 599 Senate bills .................................. 137 5 . . House bills .................................. 59 329 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 2 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 13 53 . . Special reports ..................................... 9 6 . . Conference reports ............................... . . 2 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 325 111 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,296 2,334 3,630 Bills ............................................. 1,041 1,919 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 11 13 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 10 36 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 234 366 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 1 2 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 175 229 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 148 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through July 31, 2018 
Civilian nominations, totaling 579 (including 146 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 200 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 362 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 17 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 1,087 (including 2 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 778 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 308 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Air Force nominations, totaling 4,711 (including 76 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 4,436 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 275 Army nominations, totaling 6,211 (including 12 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5,315 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 896 Navy nominations, totaling 2,229 (including 11 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2,175 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 54 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,339, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,337 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 2 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 247 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 15,909 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 14,241 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,897 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 18 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D01AU8.REC D01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD904 August 1, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10:30 a.m., Friday, August 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Friday, August 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Aug 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01AU8.REC D01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST