Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3889 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 10, 2018 No. 76 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Send Your spirit upon the Members of this people’s House, enlighten their hearts, and give them the light and strength to know Your will and make it their own. Guide them by Your wisdom and sup-port them with Your power. For You desire justice for all, and we ask You to enable them to uphold the rights of all. May they not be misled by ignorance nor corrupted by fear or favor but, rather, faithful to all that is true. As they work through this day and these weeks, may they temper justice with love, and may all their deliberations be pleasing to You. May all that is done within these hal-lowed Halls be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING LAWRENCE LAURENZI (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American and good friend of mine, Lawrence J. Laurenzi. After 36 years of service to the De-partment of Justice and the Western District of Tennessee, Larry is retiring from his post as the first assistant United States attorney. Larry Laurenzi has served under 6 Presidents, 11 Attorneys General, 9 United States attorneys; and on four separate occa-sions, he has acted as the United States attorney during times of va-cancy. During my time as the United States attorney, I saw firsthand Larry’s strong work ethic and his dedication to making west Tennessee a safer place and defending the United States of America. Without a doubt, Larry Laurenzi is a true public servant. While Larry soon will no longer be a Federal prosecutor, I know that he will never stop working to make his com-munity a better place. I will always be grateful for the time that we worked together. I wish Larry; his wife, Pam; and their whole family the best as they begin their next exciting chapter of life. Congratulations, Larry. f 
PRESCRIPTION DRUG PRICES (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, prescrip-tion drug prices are skyrocketing. Every day, constituents tell me about outrageous prices they are forced to pay for medications just to stay healthy. Janice from Albany, in my district, wrote me last year about a drug she takes to manage her mental illness. Her monthly cost went from $9 to $342. Irene from Hagaman has said her monthly prescriptions have jumped from $35 to $250. Regina from Rexford saw the month-ly cost of her rheumatoid arthritis medicine jump from $2,800 to $3,700 in just one year. That is a bad deal. Every Member of this body has heard these stories. Despite these cries for help from our constituents, Congress has failed to act. President Trump made lowering prescription drug prices a centerpiece of his campaign. What has he done about it? America leads the world in devel-oping new and innovative lifesaving cures, something we should be proud to continue; but many of our own citizens don’t have real access to those innova-tive treatments. That is a bad deal. Drug pricing is complex, but in the richest Nation on Earth, no one should have to go bankrupt to obtain life-saving medicine. We have to do better. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.000 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3890 May 10, 2018 
We need greater transparency, more aggressive negotiation, no more pay- for-delay on generic drugs, and more. Democrats have a better deal to offer the American people. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF PETER HUIZENGA (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration and commemora-tion of the life of Peter Huizenga from Oak Brook, Illinois, who passed away last Wednesday at the age of 79. A businessman, entrepreneur, and philanthropist, Peter Huizenga is best known for building Waste Manage-ment, Inc., into the largest waste dis-posal company in the world with his cousin Wayne. Upon immigrating to the United States in the 1800s, his Dutch ancestors saw a need for sanita-tion services in their community west of Chicago. Their humble family gar-bage collection business would become a Fortune 500 company under Peter’s management, employing 75,000 workers worldwide. However, Peter once said: My goal is not to make money but to make a better world. Following the sale of the company, Peter devoted his life to philanthropic work in the community through orga-nizations such as Big Shoulders Fund; his alma mater, Timothy Christian School; and many more. His family was always his first priority, and he will be greatly missed by his wife, Heidi; his 4 children; and his 10 grandchildren. All of Illinois will miss him. 
f 
HONORING MIGNON CLYBURN (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor and thank Federal Com-munications Commissioner Mignon Clyburn for her 9 years of service at the Federal Communications Commis-sion. During her tenure, she fought tirelessly for consumers. She has been a staunch defender of the public inter-est and a critical voice in the fight for a free and open Internet. Over the last year, thousands of con-stituents reached out to me expressing their concerns about rolling back net neutrality provisions. When Chairman Pai denied my request to appear at the Commission’s open meeting during which they would be voting to elimi-nate net neutrality, Commissioner Cly-burn offered to submit my written statement for the record so my con-stituents’ voices would be heard. Addi-tionally, she came to my district to hear firsthand from my constituents about net neutrality. I am also grateful for her work to protect the Lifeline program. Over 56,000 households in my district rely on this crucial program. Connectivity is a gateway for economic opportunity. It is an equalizer. And Commissioner Clyburn’s leadership has been vital. Thank you, Commissioner Clyburn, for your incredible work and public service. f 
THE PENSION CRISIS (Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the pension crisis facing Amer-ican workers and businesses across the country and the urgent need for Con-gress to act. Men and women in my home State of Michigan and across the country worked a lifetime to retire with the dignity and security promised by their pensions. They earned their retirement with blood, sweat, tears, and many sac-rifices along the way. They played by the rules, they put money into their pension, and now they are scared to death about how and what they will live on. They are worried about wheth-er they will have a safe and secure re-tirement. A few months ago, we created the Joint Select Committee on the Sol-vency of Multiemployer Pension Plans with the goal of coming up with a bi-partisan solution to the pension crisis by year’s end. This is an urgent task because, if we do not act this year, the major multiemployer plans will start going under, and it could drag the en-tire economy down with it. Not only would we face staggering benefit cuts for retirees, but it will mean less money flowing in local economies and more people relying on the social safe-ty net for support. It could be the per-fect storm. 
f 
NUCLEAR WASTE POLICY AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on the bill, H.R. 3053. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee). Is there objec-tion to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 879 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 3053. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b0910 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 3053) to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, and for other purposes, with Mr. ROTHFUS in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I am going to have a lot of people wanting to come to the floor, so I will abbreviate my opening remarks and just address a few questions that are going to be raised. First, I just want to highlight the fact that you are going to hear a lot about local, consensus-based decision-making, and then you are also going to hear about closeness of proximity. This chart kind of highlights what we are talking about. The red is Federal Government land. The Federal Government land is larger than 31 countries on the Earth. You have three different sections. You have the national test and training range. You have the national security site. You have also some Fish and Wildlife/ Interior land, bigger than many of our States in our Union. So, to my col-leagues, I want to make sure they have in perspective the size of the area that we are talking about: bigger than the State of Connecticut and areas that people are going to talk about. That is one question that will be ad-dressed. Another question will be the fear of tourism, because Las Vegas gets 42 million tourists a year, and they seem to be concerned that this might affect that industry. And then it dawned on me that the city of Chicago gets 55 million tourists a year—55 mil-lion—and they have over 10,000 metric tons of spent nuclear fuel in Chicagoland. So I want to make sure that my friends in Nevada understand that that should not be a terrible concern when Chicago seems to be doing well with tourism on that issue. Also, there will be a debate about transportation. I just want to call at-tention, Mr. Chairman, through you to my colleagues that we operate a nu-clear Navy. That nuclear Navy has to have the power systems refueled. That means new nuclear fuel goes there. That means spent nuclear fuel goes off the nuclear Navy ships. That is on the ocean. That is either on the Atlantic Ocean or on the Pacific Ocean. This spent fuel goes to Idaho, which means that we transport, safely, spent nuclear fuel, and we have done it for decades. Those are the three main contentions you will hear with this bill. I am going to allow my colleagues to talk about all the great benefits of this bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.002 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3891 May 10, 2018 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, October 6, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : On June 28, 2017, the Committee on Energy and Commerce or-dered favorably reported H.R. 3053, the Nu-clear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017. This bill was additionally referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. I ask that the Committee on Natural Re-sources not insist on its referral of the bill so that H.R. 3053 may be scheduled for consider-ation by the Majority Leader. This conces-sion in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In ad-dition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Natural Resources represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your response in the bill report and in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary coopera-tion shown by you and your staff over mat-ters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, October 6, 2017. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, which was additionally referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. In the interest of permitting you to pro-ceed expeditiously to floor consideration, I will allow the Committee on Natural Re-sources to be discharged from further consid-eration of the bill. I do so with the under-standing that the Committee does not waive any jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I also request that you support my request to name members of the Committee on Natural Resources to any conference committee to consider such pro-visions. Finally, please include this letter in the report on the bill and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you again for the very cooperative spirit in which you and your staff have worked regarding many issues of shared in-terest over the Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, October 13, 2017. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 3053, Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, which was additionally referred to the Committee on Armed Services. I appreciate your willingness to waive your committee’s further consideration of H.R. 3053, and I agree that by waiving consider-ation of the bill, the Committee on Armed Services does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim over the subject matters con-tained in the legislation which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I will urge the Speaker to name members of your committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. In addition, I agree that the DOE Record of Decision concerning rail corridor siting will not impinge on the activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and Department of Energy at the Nevada Nuclear Security Site and the Nevada Test and Training Range. Finally, I will place a copy of your letter and this response into the committee report on H.R. 3053 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 13, 2017. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning H.R. 3053, the ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017.’’ There are certain provisions in the bill which fall with-in the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this important legislation, I am willing to waive this committee’s further consideration of H.R. 3053. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Armed Serv-ices does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the legislation which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. The decision to waive this committee’s consideration is also based, in part, on an agreement with the Committee on Energy and Commerce that the DOE Record of Deci-sion concerning rail corridor siting will not impinge on the activities of the Department of Defense and Department of Energy at the Nevada Nuclear Security Site and the Ne-vada Test and Training Range. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest, and our mutual understanding that a rail siting will not impede DoD and DoE sites, into the committee report on H.R. 3053 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this mat-ter and others between our respective com-mittees. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. First, let me recognize the hard work done by Mr. S
HIMKUS on this bill. He has been tireless in this effort. And to his and his staff’s credit, he has worked with us to make what I believe are a number of improvements to the given bill. Regardless of your position on nu-clear energy, we have to acknowledge the reality that tens of thousands of tons of waste already exist. This is a problem for over 120 host communities across our country, and it will not be solved by continuing to ignore it. b0915 But even if you do not represent one of those communities, all of our con-stituents are paying for this waste. Decades ago, the Federal Government entered into agreements to remove it from nuclear plants. Deadlines have been missed, and now all taxpayers have a legal liability of over $34 billion, which is being paid from the Treasury’s Judgment Fund. In my view, the most important thing this bill does is set up a path for-ward on interim storage, which will allow spent nuclear fuel to be stored in a consolidated location on a temporary basis while a permanent repository is pursued. The bill includes language based upon a proposal developed by our col-league, DORIS MATSUI , to allow the Sec-retary of Energy to enter into an agreement to establish an interim stor-age pilot program, which can move for-ward directly after enactment. Consolidating waste at a small num-ber of sites instead of 121 communities across our country will help ensure waste is managed more safely and se-curely while allowing those 121 sites to begin to be redeveloped for other pur-poses. I know a number of our colleagues have concerns with this bill, and I un-derstand their position. And many Members that support this bill, includ-ing myself, have not passed judgment on the merits or final disposition of the Yucca Mountain project. That is why Members of the minority demanded a number of troubling Nevada-related provisions be removed from the bill during the committee process. This bill will not rubber-stamp the Yucca permitting application. The Nu-clear Regulatory Commission will still need to adjudicate the many remaining issues with the application, and it will need appropriations in order to do so. I know we will hear about the chal-lenges of transporting spent fuel to a final repository, but the reality is nu-clear material is already moved around our country today without incident due to strict safety requirements. The only alternative to not moving this waste is keeping it spread out in 121 lo-cations for tens of thousands of years. Overall, this bill is a step in the right direction toward beginning to address our Nation’s very difficult nuclear waste issues, which is why it was re-ported out of committee by a vote of 49–4. I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN), the chairman of the full Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to thank the chairman on the Subcommittee on Environment, Mr. S
HIMKUS , whose, I think, life’s work is on the floor today in many re-spects. Nobody has been more tena-cious in this effort to get permanent, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.001 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3892 May 10, 2018 
safe, and secure nuclear waste storage for America than J
OHNSHIMKUS , and so I thank Mr. S
HIMKUS for his good work there. The bill we are considering today re-inforces the promise that the United States Congress, on behalf of the Fed-eral Government, made to our con-stituents a generation ago. Today, we are keeping that promise. We will ac-cept responsibility for and properly dis-pose of radioactive waste. This is long overdue. Americans across the country, from Maine to southern California, from Florida to the Pacific Northwest, are watching today, and they are expecting us to act. The Department of Energy’s Hanford site is just up the mighty Columbia River from where I live and where I grew up. That area and those workers helped us win World War II, and the site’s nuclear program was instru-mental in projecting peace through strength throughout the Cold War. While the community has been a con-structive partner in support of our vital national security missions, it did not agree to serve as a perpetual stor-age site for the resulting nuclear waste. Fifty-six million gallons of toxic waste sitting in decades-old metal tanks at Hanford—these are those tanks that were being con-structed to hold this waste. They are now buried in the ground. The only entry point is right here. The amount of waste stored at Han-ford would fill this entire House Cham-ber 20 times over. According to a re-cent Government Accountability Office report, the oldest of these tanks, some of which date back to the 1940s, have single-layer walls or shells. They were built to last 20 years. They will be al-most 100 years old by the estimated end of their waste treatment. The Department of Energy has re-ported that 67 of these tanks are as-sumed or known to have leaked waste into the soil. There is an understand-able sense of urgency in the Northwest behind the cleanup efforts that are under way at Hanford. H.R. 3053 will provide the pathway to clean up the contaminated Hanford site. You see, the waste from Hanford will end up in a secure permanent stor-age site that we believe will be Yucca Mountain. These tanks will be drained and cleaned out, the waste classified and put away. This bill keeps our commitment to energy consumers, too, who are legally bound to pay for a nuclear waste man-agement program. These consumers in 34 States, including Oregon, have paid the Federal Government in excess of $40 billion. Even after the last adminis-tration stalled the project, ratepayers continued to hand over nearly $800 mil-lion annually to develop the reposi-tory, until finally the courts stepped in and directed the fee collection be halt-ed because no repository was being constructed. That money was paid to the U.S. Treasury for a specific pur-pose. We have a legal and moral obliga-tion to advance the program for which ratepayers paid. Now, my friends in Nevada should have confidence the Yucca Mountain repository will protect public health and the environment. The completion of the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion’s impartial safety review will an-swer the many questions raised by the State of Nevada and provide an inde-pendent determination if the site meets the required 1-million-year envi-ronmental protection standard. That is right, 1 million years. Consolidating the Nation’s nuclear material for disposal is better for the environment than the status quo, where these materials sit around in 121 communities in 39 States, or tanks like this. The legislation authorizes the De-partment of Energy to contract with private companies to store nuclear waste while DOE finishes the rigorous scientific analysis of the repository de-sign and the associated Nuclear Regu-latory Commission licensing process. An interim storage facility can bring added flexibility to DOE’s disposal pro-gram and may provide a more expedi-tious near-term pathway to consolidate spent nuclear fuel. The longer the government delays, the greater the potential consequences. The legal cost of inaction, a bill paid by every American taxpayer, is stag-gering. Today, taxpayers pay an aver-age of $2 million every day—every day—in legal claims because we as a government have not done what was promised decades ago. We are doing that today with this legislation. Cumulatively, we are on the hook for nearly $134 billion. That increases every day we delay action. Instead of contributing to an escalating national debt, this money could be better spent to support our men and women in uni-form, deal with the opioid crisis, or a whole myriad of other things. By act-ing today, we will eventually turn off that penalty phase and start the pro-ductive phase. At the end of the day, this bipartisan legislation is good for our communities around the country and their safety. It is good for consumers and fiscal sanity. It is good for the environment for se-cure storage. It is good for taxpayers, and it is good for national security as well. So I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have put so much work into this—Mr. T
ONKO and cer-tainly Mr. S
HIMKUS . I urge all our col-leagues to support H.R. 3053. Let’s put an end to these tanks before they put an end to us. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), our outstanding ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank our ranking member, Mr. T
ONKO . I rise in support of H.R. 3053. Con-gress first passed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act back in 1982, but more than 35 years later, we still do not have a national solution to address the safe storage of spent nuclear fuel. Instead, it continues to sit on site at our Na-tion’s nuclear power plants. This becomes a concern as more and more nuclear power reactors are sched-uled to shut down in the coming years, including the Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station in New Jersey. As these reactors shut down, the sur-rounding communities are realizing that the nuclear waste currently stored at these sites will be there indefinitely when the plant closes, absent a work-able national solution. This situation underscores the need for interim stor-age solutions to bridge the gap until a permanent repository is licensed and constructed. The bill before us today is a bipar-tisan compromise that was reported out of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee by a vote of 49–4. Democrats on the committee, especially Representa-tive MATSUI , worked with Mr. T ONKO to craft a bipartisan compromise that es-tablishes an interim storage pilot pro-gram, which will allow for consolidated temporary storage of spent nuclear fuel, with priority given to waste cur-rently stored at decommissioned nu-clear power plants. This will allow us to consolidate waste at a single site instead of 121 sites in communities around the coun-try. One consolidated site will help en-sure it is managed more safely and se-curely, while allowing communities with decommissioned plants to begin working towards redeveloping those sites. Now, some of the opponents of this bill have focused on claims that spent nuclear fuel could be transported through many congressional districts across the country, and that is true. Spent nuclear fuel will ultimately need to be transported from power plants to an interim storage facility or reposi-tory. But moving nuclear material by rail and truck has occurred frequently for decades, and the NRC notes that thousands of shipments have occurred over decades without incident. So regardless of your position on the Yucca Mountain project—I know peo-ple feel strongly on both sides of that, but regardless, spent nuclear fuel will need to be transported somewhere in the U.S. unless all of the spent fuel is to be left at the site of a nuclear power plant that may no longer even produce power. Mr. Chairman, this bill is a balanced bill that I support, just as it is also supported by the AFL–CIO, the IBEW, and the other building trades. It will begin the process of moving waste out of communities, particularly those home to a shut down nuclear power plant. It will also help fulfill the com-mitment to taxpayers who have paid more than $50 billion dollars into the nuclear waste program. So I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill. I thank both Mr. S
HIMKUS , the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.005 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3893 May 10, 2018 
main sponsor who worked so hard; ob-viously, Mr. T
ONKO ; Ms. M ATSUI ; and, of course, the chairman of our com-mittee, Mr. W
ALDEN , as well. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ), the former chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I particu-larly commend J
OHN SHIMKUS , the chairman of the subcommittee, who helped shepherd this bill through; Chairman W
ALDEN ; Ranking Member P
ALLONE and others; Mr. T ONKO . It is truly a bipartisan work of art; 49–4 is what this bill passed in our committee. I can remember way back when when President Reagan was in office and signing the Nuclear Waste Policy Act in the Rose Garden. He said: We are going to keep our promise. The Federal Government is going to take care of nuclear waste. That is going to happen. Well, here we are now nearly 50 years later. I can remember the Upton-Towns bill back in the 1990s, a bill that did very much along the lines of what this bill does. We came within just a vote or two of having it overridden by the U.S. Senate, stopping it in its tracks. So, decades later, here we are again. In my district, we have two nuclear plants. Both of them have run out of room in their storage, so they have dry casks that are literally a J
OHNSHIMKUS  baseball throw away from Lake Michi-gan. Every one of these 100-some sites across the country is in an environ-mentally sensitive area, and at some point they are going to run out of room. In Michigan, we have got two other sites that also have dry casks in addition to the two in my district. So we spent nearly $40 billion. Enough time has gone by. We need to deal with this. And for those who are against this bill, your alternative is just keeping it there—just keeping it in California, just keeping it on that pristine river, just keep it on the Great Lakes for however long. That is not the answer. This bill is. Because it is bipartisan, I am con-fident that not only will we have the votes to get this thing through today, but we are going to get it ultimately to the President. So, again, I want to thank our lead-ership on both sides of the aisle for get-ting this thing done. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 3053. I thank Ranking Member T
ONKO and Chairman S
HIMKUS for their hard work on this very difficult subject. This is a bipartisan bill that seeks a solution on how to remove and dispose of spent nuclear fuel and high-level ra-dioactive waste. This bill recognizes the need to consolidate interim storage in an integral waste management pro-gram. b0930 H.R. 3053 authorizes the Department of Energy to either develop its own consolidated interim storage facility or contract with private entities for such development. The bill also authorizes the development of one pilot CIS facil-ity that is not linked to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s decision on the Yucca Mountain license applica-tion, and provides a solution for nu-clear waste stranded at sites without an operating reactor. This bill will help us create a path toward permanent storage, while also being inclusive and transparent about the process. One of the key additions to this bill is that it will reestablish the Office of Civilian Radioactive Waste Management. It also increases assist-ance to States and tribes for transpor-tation safety, which is important when transporting radioactive materials. Mr. Chairman, we cannot continue to put our heads in the sand about nuclear waste. There are about 120 sites across the country that store nuclear waste on a so-called temporary basis. With this situation, a serious accident is vir-tually inevitable. Nuclear waste can be transported and stored safely for the generations needed. This is really an engineering problem, and America has some of the best engineers in the world. We can do this. H.R. 3053 is an important step toward safe storage, and I urge my colleagues to support this well-crafted legislation. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today in support of Chair-man S
HIMKUS ’ bill, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. This legislation is important not only because of what it means to the future of clean energy opportunities for this country, but also what this means for our communities. Nuclear energy has become a safe and effective way to generate energy, all while not pro-ducing greenhouse gas emissions. The Nuclear Waste Policy Amend-ments Act would finally put in place a permanent repository for the waste generated by nuclear energy produc-tion that powers millions of homes and businesses across the country. We began this process nearly 30 years ago, and today we move it forward. My good friend’s legislation author-izes the disposal of spent nuclear fuel in a safe, permanent place. Right now, spent fuel is sitting on nuclear energy sites around the country, leaving our communities open to larger vulnerabil-ities and possible attacks or accidents. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act, and I thank the gen-tleman for his leadership. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ). Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. Finding a way forward on the future of our Nation’s nuclear waste storage is no easy task. But I believe we have arrived at a bipartisan agreement on nuclear waste storage that we need to advance today to address this issue. I would first like to thank Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member P AL-
LONE , and Chairman S HIMKUS and Ranking Member T
ONKO for their out-standing leadership, and thank all of my colleagues who worked on this in committee because it wasn’t easy, but we worked together in a bipartisan way. This bill will authorize the Depart-ment of Energy to establish and main-tain interim storage facilities to hold nuclear waste until there is a clear de-cision on the national repository. Also, included in this bill is an amendment I offered at the full com-mittee with my good friend, F
RED U
PTON . This important amendment ex-presses the sense of the Congress that the governments of the United States and Canada should not allow perma-nent or long-term storage of spent nu-clear fuel or other radioactive waste near the Great Lakes. Mr. U
PTON and I were proud to get this amendment included on behalf of every Member of the Great Lakes re-gion. The Great Lakes account for 20 per-cent of the world’s fresh water supply, and it is absolutely critical for mil-lions of Americans who rely on them for drinking water, jobs, and their way of life. Nearly 1/10th of the U.S. population lives in the Great Lakes Basin, and more than 35 million people, with ap-proximately 24 million of them being Americans, rely on the Great Lakes. This provision reinforces the impor-tance of the healthy Great Lakes Basin, free of nuclear storage. Mr. Chairman, I commend all of my colleagues one more time for their good work in crafting a bipartisan agreement that will ensure nuclear waste is stored at secure storage facili-ties. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman S
HIMKUS  for his work on this legislation. I have long been an advocate for nu-clear waste policy like this for Yucca Mountain. Since 1982, when the Nuclear Waste Policy Act was created, ratepayers in this Nation have paid, as part of their utility bill, over $40 billion. In South Carolina, that means ratepayers have paid $1.3 billion for the construction and operation of what we now know as Yucca Mountain. Currently, in South Carolina, there are over 4,500 tons of spent nuclear fuel in temporary storage from commercial reactors. At the Savannah River Site, we have both research and military nu-clear waste sitting in vitrified glass ready to go to a long-term repository. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.006 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3894 May 10, 2018 
The law of the land, passed in 1992, is for Yucca Mountain to be a long-term repository for this Nation’s waste. It is time to move forward and give the ratepayers—not the taxpayers, but the ratepayers—what they paid for, and this legislation moves in the right di-rection. Mr. Chairman, I look forward to my colleagues supporting this bipartisan legislation. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. T
ONKO for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Nuclear Waste Policy Amend-ments Act. In Sacramento, our publicly owned utility stores spent nuclear fuel at the Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Sta-tion, despite the fact that the plant has been decommissioned for many, many years, and that the Federal Govern-ment has a responsibility to take the fuel. The continued presence of the spent fuel at Rancho Seco has a direct im-pact on electricity rates in my district, and prevents the site from being rede-veloped. That is why I have continu-ously been supportive of an interim storage facility for spent fuel. Today, it is the most viable path to consolidate the fuel housed in over 120 communities across the country. For the last two Congresses, I have cospon-sored a bipartisan bill to explicitly au-thorize the Department of Energy to enter into agreements for consolidated interim storage. I believe that a stand-alone piece of legislation that creates a pathway for interim storage is the commonsense next step in our national nuclear waste management strategy. I was opposed to the initial version of H.R. 3053 that came before the Energy and Commerce Committee last year. It tied Yucca Mountain, which I have major concerns with, to interim stor-age. Linking these two policies together would effectively maintain the status quo for decommissioned sites across the country, which is unacceptable. That is why I have worked on a bipar-tisan basis to ensure that the interim storage policy in this bill is decoupled from a permanent repository. After negotiations in committee, the bill we are considering now authorizes the use of one consolidated interim storage site and creates a path to move spent fuel to that site before a final de-cision is made on a permanent geologic repository. It is critically important that we have further clarified the regulatory pathway for interim storage. For that reason, I will be supporting this bill today, despite some of its provisions that I believe are less than ideal. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleagues for working with me in a collaborative and bipartisan manner to ensure the Federal Government finally takes the spent fuel stranded in so many of our communities nationwide. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), who is on the com-mittee, and has been doing great work to deal with his constituents. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. This is an enormous achievement for Chairman S
HIMKUS , who has worked so hard, and so long, to make this day a reality. The Nation needs a safe, environ-mentally conscious plan to dispose of this waste. This plan is bipartisan and sensible. New Jersey is home to four nuclear reactors at three generating stations: Oyster Creek, Hope Creek, and Salem. Oyster Creek will be closing this Octo-ber. In the congressional district I serve, these plants account for about half of the power generation and 90 percent of the carbon-free electricity. New Jer-sey’s nuclear plants avoid 14 million tons of carbon emissions each year. The Public Service Enterprise Group, FirstEnergy, and Exelon are doing their part in storing their station’s spent nuclear fuel on-site, but we need a permanent site. The expertise and know-how of the Federal Government has a responsibility to my constituents and to the American people. I want the 3,000 metric tons of nuclear waste out of New Jersey and consolidated in a na-tional protected facility. New Jersey ratepayers have contrib-uted nearly $2 billion to the Depart-ment of Energy’s Nuclear Waste Fund to dispose of nuclear waste at a perma-nent repository at Yucca Mountain. My constituents should see a return on that investment. New Jersey is one of the top State contributors to this fund. It is time for the government to hold up its end of the bargain and perma-nently remove this waste from New Jersey and other States. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N). Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this bill be-cause I believe that it makes it more likely that a future interim storage site—potentially one in New Mexico— becomes a permanent home for nuclear waste. I know that these are tough issues, and I agree that we have a responsi-bility to address the waste issues that result from our country entering the atomic age. However, addressing nuclear waste is not our only responsibility. Seventy years ago, rural New Mexico became ground zero for the detonation of the first nuclear bomb. This marked the beginning of sickness and suffering for generations of people who lived and grew up in the Tularosa Basin. ‘‘That atomic bomb,’’ Gloria wrote to me, ‘‘has caused anguish to so many people in New Mexico. . . . The people from New Mexico have suffered phys-ically, mentally, and financially. And we are all here in hope that you will find a way to help us.’’ It has been over 70 years since the Trinity Test. Seventy years, and the Federal Government has done almost nothing to recognize or compensate those impacted by that test. They are not alone. In 1990, Congress passed the Radi-ation Exposure Compensation Act to begin to right this wrong. However, we have since learned that there are many more individuals who are sick or dying because they worked in the uranium industry, lived near a mining oper-ation, or lived downwind from a test. The Navajo, Hopi, and Yavapai Apache Indian Reservations were particularly affected. That is why I have repeatedly intro-duced the Radiation Exposure Com-pensation Act Amendments to com-pensate those workers. We have had Navajo elders travel out here to Wash-ington, D.C., and ask us in Congress, ‘‘Are you waiting for us all to die to solve this problem?’’ The Rules Com-mittee rejected amendments that I of-fered. Why in the world is it that the people of New Mexico, where the first bomb went off, are the only ones that are left out of protections? People in Nevada, Colorado, and Utah are included, but New Mexico has been left out. The first place the bomb was tested, these people weren’t given a warning. All they saw was a light flash when they were in their kitchens or outside working. Mr. Chairman, this deserves action, and I hope I can work with my col-leagues to get this done. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. This bill is an opportunity to give the Department of Defense and our Na-tion’s nuclear plants a proper place to store spent fuel. It also relieves a bur-den on our nuclear plants, which pro-vide a critical source of resilient base-load power to our electric grid. Fur-thermore, nuclear plants provide good jobs to communities across the Nation, many of which are in economically dis-tressed areas. Unfortunately, several nuclear power plants are prematurely closing because of government policies. For a long time, I have repeatedly warned the ex-ecutive branch about the national se-curity risks if too many plants deacti-vate. I am glad to hear some Members across the aisle are actually acknowl-edging this problem, at least partially. In April, I met with Beaver Valley Nuclear Power Station workers. I told my constituents that I would do every-thing I can to protect their jobs and the Nation’s grid, and I meant it. This bill addresses some of the uncer-tainty and added costs the industry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.008 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3895 May 10, 2018 
faces, and it is one step in helping to secure those jobs and the reliability and resiliency of our electric grid. b0945 Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 min-utes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS). Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, today we must decide if you are going to double down on poli-cies that have been an abject failure for the last three decades or if you will chart a new course that doesn’t repeat the same mistakes of previous Con-gresses. The first ‘‘Screw Nevada’’ bill was passed in 1982, and since that time, Ne-vada’s residents, elected officials, busi-ness leaders, and health and environ-mental groups have steadfastly op-posed the Yucca Mountain repository. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD  letters from over 100 groups in opposi-tion. 
CITY OF LASVEGAS , Las Vegas, NV, May 7, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN MCCARTHY , House Majority Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. S
TEVE SCALISE , House Majority Whip, Washington, DC. D
EARSIRS: In 1987 Congress voted for the Department of Energy (DOE) to build a nu-clear waste repository at Yucca Mountain without the support of Nevada. Now, the House of Representatives is planning to con-sider H.R. 3053, The Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. I am writing to express my vehement opposition to this legislation. Yucca Mountain would cost U. S. tax-payers billions of dollars and require the dangerous transportation of nuclear waste across every state in the country before it arrives in Nevada, which, by the way, pro-duces no nuclear waste These transports journey through communities in the nation whose infrastructures are well-known to be rated at the dangerously low, D+ level by highly renowned associations of engineers and scientific professionals. Bridges and tun-nels have not been reinforced in decades, railroad tracks are faulty (as we well know!), and roads are beyond needing repair and re-placement. No matter the transport vehicle used, the cargo travels on challenged routes which are unknown to the public and at times undeclared! In my tenure as Mayor, every year I have warned my fellow Mayors of the dangers of this transportation, and every year the May-ors across the nation have passed a resolu-tion at their annual U.S. Conference of May-ors meeting requiring that the U.S. Depart-ment of Energy instead focus on deacti-vating and/or repurposing radioactive waste on site. High-priority research is needed to identify methods for the safe treatment and storage of radioactive waste at origination locations in order to mitigate the health and environmental risks of transporting low, high and mixed level waste to offsite treat-ment facilities. Even Mayors with nuclear waste on their doorsteps understand the dan-gers of transporting this waste As Mayor of Las Vegas, I am fortunate to preside over a beautiful city that is home to over 600,000 residents in one of the fastest- growing areas in the nation boasting over 2.4 million residents. Additionally, 42 million visitors choose the Las Vegas valley as a des-tination annually. Yucca Mountain is less than 100 miles away from this gem in the desert. I believe that DOE’s Nuclear Regu-latory Commission should be required to have support from state, local and tribal governments before constructing a nuclear waste repository anywhere in the country Therefore, I urge you and your colleagues to vote down H.R. 3053, which rejects science and ignores our steadfast opposition Sincerely, CAROLYN GOODMAN , Mayor. 
LASVEGAS METRO  C
HAMBER OF COMMERCE , Las Vegas, NV, May 7, 2018. Re The Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018, H.R. 3053. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC 20515 D
EAR MR. S PEAKER , M ADAM LEADER , C
HAIRMAN WALDEN , AND RANKING MEMBER  P
ALLONE : The Las Vegas Metro Chamber of Commerce/ (‘‘Metro Chamber’’) is Nevada’s largest and most diverse business organiza-tion, representing thousands of employers who employ more than 200,000 Southern Ne-vadans. As the Voice of Business in our state, its mission is to help Nevada busi-nesses succeed and create jobs. This includes protecting our members from initiatives or legislation at all levels of government that could hinder our state’s economy, impede job creation, and hamper development of our local workforce. As such, the Metro Chamber has been ac-tively engaged with Members of Congress, federal government agencies, Nevada’s Con-stitutional officers, state legislators, local government leaders and entities, trade groups, employers, and residents of the State of Nevada regarding its strong steadfast op-position for more than two decades to the proposed Nuclear Waste Repository Site at Yucca Mountain. The Metro Chamber’s position regarding the proposed Nuclear Waste Repository Site at Yucca Mountain has not changed with the introduction of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. The Las Vegas Metro Chamber continues to strongly oppose a Nuclear Waste Repository at Yucca Mountain, as well as the transportation and storage of any nuclear waste in Nevada, be-cause of the potential negative effect it could have on the safety and health of the visitors and residents of Southern Nevada, as well as the chilling long-term effect it could have on the economy. The proposed legislation would allow for the storage of approximately 110,000 metric tons of nuclear waste less than 90 miles from Las Vegas, and is a significant concern to the business community and residents as it could pose a national security and health threat. The close proximity of such a facility to Las Vegas could also damage the tourism- based economy of Southern Nevada. In 2017, Southern Nevada hosted approximately 42.2 million visitors, whose direct and indirect economic impact is $58.8 billion. This trans-lates to about a total of 391,000 jobs and $16.4 billion in wages for our region. The reality is that Southern Nevada is the economic en-gine of the State, and it is incumbent on all stakeholders of our region’s economy and fu-ture prospects for growth to protect the well-being of all of our residents and visitors. The potential terrorist threats, environ-mental impacts, and transportation chal-lenges, as well as the safety of storing nu-clear waste material, are too great of a risk on our region’s economy. Residents and visi-tors must feel safe in their communities and the storage of nuclear waste at Yucca Moun-tain could fundamentally undermine that safety. Unfortunately, the passage of H.R. 3053 may only elevate Las Vegas’ profile for a potential terrorist attack. We cannot risk such a scenario, since any incident with the transport or storage of nuclear waste could have a severe and negative economic impact on Southern Nevada’s economy. The Metro Chamber is also adamantly op-posed to the temporary storage of any nu-clear waste at Yucca Mountain, which in-cludes reprocessed fuel. The reprocessing of nuclear waste requires large amount of water, which is a concern to businesses, local governments, residents and regional water agencies since the region remains in a severe drought. In addition, Nevada is ranked by the U.S. Geological Survey as the fourth most active seismic area in the United States. The poten-tial for seismic activity in the region raises serious questions about the logic and prudency of storing nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain. Seismic activity in the region is another reason why Yucca Mountain is not a feasible or practical site for the storage of nuclear waste. The storage of nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain should not only be a concern for Southern Nevadans but also for the residents of 329 Congressional Districts in 44 states that nuclear waste shipments must pass through to get to Yucca Mountain. The transport and safety of these shipments need to be part of a national conversation and the potential impacts of any incident during transportation of these casks by rail and truck should not be underestimated. While the people of Southern Nevada have been vigilant about the potential dangers of the transportation of this toxic material, fellow citizens across the country who live in states through which this waste would be trans-ported may not be aware and deserve the op-portunity to learn the facts about how this plan would impact their lives and liveli-hoods. Thank you for allowing the Las Vegas Metro Chamber of Commerce to offer its con-cerns and strong opposition as associated with the Yucca Mountain Nuclear Waste Re-pository Site, as proposed by H.R. 3053. Sincerely, M
ARYBETHSEWALD , President & CEO. M
ICHAEL BOLOGNINI , Chairman, Board of Trustees. H
UGHANDERSON , Chairman, Govern-ment Affairs. 
MAY7, 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members, the undersigned orga-nizations urge you to oppose H.R. 3053, the ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017’’ (115th Congress, 1st Session). This bill will put our nation’s nuclear waste storage policy on the wrong track yet again. It ig-nores environmental concerns, states’ rights and consent to host the waste in the first in-stance, and attempts to truncate public re-view in order to force a ‘‘solution’’—either Yucca Mountain or a new consolidated in-terim storage site—that have both proven to be unworkable. Rather than blindly charge forward at the cost of public safety and pub-lic resources, we urge Congress to reject this bill and start the important and necessary work on a comprehensive set of hearings to commence building a publicly accepted, con-sent based repository program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.010 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3896 May 10, 2018 
The bill you will vote on retains the flaws contained in its earlier forms. Some of these harms include unwise efforts to recommence the licensing process for proposed repository at Nevada’s Yucca Mountain. This is a project certain to fail the NRC’s licensing process due to the geology and hydrology of the site that make it unsuitable for isolating spent nuclear fuel for the required time. Next, the draft legislation suggests going forward with a consolidated storage proposal before working out the details of a com-prehensive legislative path to solve the nu-clear waste problem, entirely severing the link between storage and disposal, and thus creating, an overwhelming risk that an in-terim storage site will determine or function as de facto final resting place for nuclear waste. The draft provides no safety, environ-mental or public acceptance criteria, only speed of siting and expense. This is precisely the formula that produced the failure of the Yucca Mountain process and made it, as the previous administration noted, ‘‘unwork-able.’’ Other provisions conflict with the well-es-tablished and necessary requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act, 42 U.S.C. 4321, et seq. Doing so exacerbates the public interest community’s (and that of Ne-vada) objection of the last two decades—that the process of developing, licensing, and set-ting environmental and oversight standards for the proposed repository has been, and continues to be, rigged or weakened to en-sure that the site can be licensed, rather than provide for safety over the length of time that the waste remains dangerous to public health and the environment. This bill was largely changed for the worse in committee. The bill now sets us on path to go forward in the next few years with a consolidated storage proposal before working out the details of a comprehensive legisla-tive path to solve the nuclear waste problem and, frankly, creates an overwhelming risk that an interim storage site in New Mexico, Utah, or even Texas (although the Texas site just requested that its license application be held in abeyance) will be the de facto final resting place for nuclear waste. This will not work. It is likely those states will, in some form or another, resist being selected as the dumping ground for the na-tion’s nuclear waste without a meaningful consent based process and regulatory author-ity that garners both public acceptance and a scientifically defensible solution. Further, and also just as damning, it sets up yet an-other attempt to ship the waste to Yucca Mountain irrespective of its certain likeli-hood of failing the regulatory process, or seek to revive the licensed Private Fuel Storage site that has been strongly opposed in Utah or even open up New Mexico’s Waste Isolation Pilot Plant (WIPP) facility for spent nuclear fuel disposal despite strong op-position and contrary to 25 years of federal law. The latter site also was designed and in-tended for nuclear waste with trace levels of plutonium, not spent fuel (and we note, a site that has already seen an accident dis-persing plutonium throughout the under-ground and into the environment, contami-nating 22 workers, and thus the site was functionally inoperable for years). All of this runs precisely counter to the core admoni-tion of the previous administration’s Blue Ribbon Commission on America’s Nuclear Future (‘‘BRC’’) that ‘‘consent’’ come first. The waste will not be going anywhere for years and it should be incumbent on Con-gress to fix problems in a meaningful fash-ion, not attempt an expedient solution that is destined to fail, again. Our concerns, many of which were detailed above or in earlier letters, remain. We would be pleased to work with any representative on a feasible, constructive path forward, but this legislation would put the nation’s nu-clear waste storage policy on the wrong track yet again and we urge you to reject it. Thank you for your consideration of our views. Sincerely, 350Kishwaukee; 350NYC; Abalone Alliance Safe Energy Clearinghouse; Albuquerque Center for Peace and Justice; Alliance for a Green Economy; Alliance for Environmental Strategies; Alliance for Nuclear Account-ability; Alliance to Halt Fermi 3; Baltimore Nonviolence Center; Basin and Range Watch; Bellefonte Efficiency & Sustainability Team; Mothers Against TN River Radiation; Be-yond Nuclear; California Communities Against Toxics; Cape Downwinders; Chesa-peake Physicians for Social Responsibility; Citizen Action New Mexico; Citizen Power; Citizens Action Coalition of IN; Citizens Awareness Network; Citizens Education Project. Citizens’ Environmental Coalition; Citi-zens for Alternatives to Radioactive Dump-ing; Citizens’ Resistance at Fermi 2 (CRAFT); Clean Water Action; Coalition for a Nuclear Free Great Lakes; Code Pink: Women for Peace; Concerned Citizens for Nu-clear Safety; Concerned Citizens for SNEC Safety; Connecticut Coalition Against Mill-stone; Consumers Health Freedom Coalition; Council on Intelligent Energy & Conserva-tion Policy; Crabshell Alliance; Cumberland Countians for EcoJustice; CT Coalition Against Millstone; Don’t Waste Arizona; Don’t Waste Michigan; Ecological Options Network (EON); Energı´a Mı´a; Energy Justice Network; Environmental Defense Institute. Environmental Working Group; Fairmont, MN Peace Group; Food & Water Watch; Frack Free Illinois; Franciscans for Justice; Friends of the Earth; Georgia Women’s Ac-tion for New Directions (Georgia WAND); Grandmothers Mothers and More for Energy Safety; Great Basin Resource Watch; Great Lakes-Environmental Alliance; Green State Solutions, Iowa; Ground Zero Center for Nonviolent Action; HEAL Utah; Hip Hop Caucus; Hudson River Sloop Clearwater; In-dian Point Safe Energy Coalition; Indigenous Rights Center; Indivisible South Bay Los An-geles; Kawartha lakes land trust; Lacuna Acoma Coalition for a Safe Environment (LACSE). League of Conservation Voters; League of Women Voters of the United States; LEPOCO Peace Center; Los Alamos Study Group; Mankato Area Environmentalists; Merrimack Valley People for Peace; Michi-gan Safe Energy Future, Kalamazoo MI Chapter; Michigan Safe Energy Future, Shoreline Chapter; Michigan Stop the Nu-clear Bombs Campaign; Milwaukee Riverkeeper; Missouri Coalition for the En-vironment; Mountain States Mennonite Con-ference; Multicultural Alliance for a Safe Environment; Native Community Action Council; Natural Resources Defense Council; Network for Environmental & Economic Re-sponsibility of United Church of Christ; Ne-vada Nuclear Waste Task Force; New Eng-land Coalition on Nuclear Pollution; No More Fukushimas; No Nukes NW. North American Climate, Conservation and Environment (NACCE); North American Water Office; Northwest Environmental Ad-vocates; Nuclear Age Peace Foundation; Nu-clear Energy Information Service; Nuclear Free World Committee; Dallas Peace and Justice Center; Nuclear Information and Re-source Service; Nuclear Issues Study Group; Nuclear Watch New Mexico; Nuclear Watch South; Nukefree.org; Nukewatch; Oak Ridge Environmental Peace Alliance; On Behalf of Planet Earth our developing world; OurRevolution Ocala; Partnership for Earth Spirituality; Peace Action; Peace Action of Michigan; Physicians for Social Responsi-bility. Physicians for Social Responsibility— Chesapeake; Physicians for Social Responsi-bility—Kansas City; Physicians for Social Responsibility—Los Angeles; Physicians for Social Responsibility—Oregon; Physicians for Social Responsibility—San Francisco Bay Area Chapter; Pilgrim Legislative Advi-sory Coalition PLAC; Pilgrim Watch; Planet Cents. Portsmouth/Piketon Residents for En-vironmental Safety and Security (PRESS); Proposition One Committee; Public Citizen; Public Health and Sustainable Energy (PHASE); Public Watchdogs; Rachel Carson Council; Radiation and Public Health Project; Radiation Truth; Redwood Alliance; Residents Organized for a Safe Environment; Riverkeeper; ROAR (Religious Organizations Along the River). Rocky Mountain Peace and Justice Center: Safe Utility Meters Alliance NW (SUMA– NW); San Clemente Green; San Luis Obispo Mothers for Peace; San Onofre Safety; Save The River / Upper St. Lawrence Riverkeeper; Seacoast Anti-Pollution League; Sierra Club; Snake River Alliance; Southern Alli-ance for Clean Energy; Southern Illinois Against Fracturing Our Environment; Southwest Research and Information Center; Stand Up/Save Lives Campaign; Straits Area Concerned Citizens for Peace, Justice and the Environment (SACCPJE); SUN DAY Campaign; Support and Education for Radi-ation Victims (SERV); Sustainable Energy & Economic Development (SEED) Coalition; Task Force on Nuclear Power, Oregon and Washington Physicians for Social Responsi-bility; Tennessee Environmental Council; Tewa Women United. Texas River Revival; The Colorado Coali-tion for Prevention of Nuclear War; The Lands Council; The Nuclear Resister; The Peace Farm; Thomas Merton Center; Three Mile Island Alert; Toledo Coalition for Safe Energy; Touching Earth Sangha; Toxics Ac-tion Center Campaigns; Tri-Valley CAREs (Communities Against a Radioactive Envi-ronment); Uranium Watch; Ursuline Sisters of Tildonk, U.S. Province; UUFHC (Uni-tarian Universalist Fellowship of Harford County); Vermont Citizens Action Network; Vermont Yankee Decommissioning Alliance; Veterans For Peace Golden Rule Project; Veterans For Peace Chapter 74; Western States Legal Foundation; West Valley Neigh-borhoods Coalition. Women’s Energy Matters; Women’s Inter-national League for Peace and Freedom Des Moines Branch; Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom Fresno Branch; Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom Monterey County Branch; Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom Pittsburgh Branch; Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom Santa Cruz Branch; Youth Arts New York. 
MAY8, 2018. D
EARMEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES : The undersigned organiza-tions and businesses write to express our ve-hement opposition to H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, which is scheduled to be considered by the House of Representatives this week. By reviving licensing activities for Yucca Mountain as a nuclear waste repository, this legislation has the potential to adversely im-pact citizens and businesses located in Ne-vada. Yucca Mountain is located just 90 miles from the world’s premier tourist, convention and entertainment destination in Las Vegas, Nevada, which welcomed nearly 43 million visitors last year. Las Vegas is once again on pace to meet or break that number with over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.003 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3897 May 10, 2018 
10 million visitors already accounted for in 2018. The Greater Las Vegas area is one of the fastest growing in the U.S. with a popu-lation that now exceeds 2.1 million people according to an estimate from the U.S. Cen-sus Bureau. Safety and security remain a top priority for all Americans and any problems with the transport of more than 110,000 met-ric tons of nuclear waste to the site through-out the country, or issues with its storage there, would bring potentially devastating consequences to the local, state and national communities. Moreover, with taxes on Ne-vada’s tourism industry providing 42 percent of the state general fund, even a modest de-cline in visitors’ perception about the region could have severe negative implications for the state’s economy and future growth. We stand with the many concerned citi-zens, small business operators and bipartisan members of the Nevada delegation in staunch opposition to any attempt to restart the repository licensing process and will work tirelessly to ensure that radioactive waste is never stored anywhere near the world’s entertainment capital in Las Vegas. We strongly urge members to vote against this flawed legislation and, instead, explore alternative solutions that respect state sov-ereignty and do not put Nevada’s citizens and economy at risk. Sincerely, Geoff Freeman, President and CEO—Amer-ican Gaming Association; Virginia Valen-tine, President—Nevada Resort Association; Mary Beth Sewald, President and CEO—Las Vegas Metro Chamber of Commerce; Rossi Ralenkotter, CEO—Las Vegas Convention & Visitors Authority; James Murren, Chair-man and CEO—MGM Resorts International; Joe Asher, CEO—William Hill U.S.; Keith Smith, President and CEO—Boyd Gaming Corporation; Mark P. Frissora, President and CEO—Caesars Entertainment; Sheldon Adelson, Chairman and CEO—Las Vegas Sands Corporation; Timothy J. Wilmott, CEO—Penn National Gaming. 
UNITEHERE!, New York, NY, May 8, 2018. Oppose H.R. 3053, Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : UNITE HERE rep-resents more workers in Nevada than any other union in the country. Our Nevada affil-iate, Culinary Local 226, represents 60,000 workers who are the backbone to the tour-ism and hospitality industry of the Strip. The role of our union is to fight for what’s best for these 60,000 workers and their fami-lies, and in the case of H.R. 3053 the best in-terest of our members is clearly to vote no and oppose all attempts to license a nuclear waste repository at Yucca Mountain. Turning Yucca Mountain into a nuclear dumping ground will put all 60,000 UNITE HERE members of Culinary 226 and their families at enormous risk, along with all 2.1 million people living in the Greater Las Vegas area. Yucca Mountain is dangerously close to where our members and their fami-lies live, as well as to the economic heart-beat of Nevada that keeps the economy afloat—only 90 miles from the Las Vegas Strip. The continued health of our members and their families in Nevada is on stake with your vote on H.R. 3053. To keep 60,000 UNITE HERE workers safe in Nevada, we urge you to oppose H.R. 3053. Sincerely, D. T
AYLOR , International President. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, you have heard that the legislation before you now, ‘‘Screw Nevada 2.0,’’ is a work of compromise, a bipartisan effort, not perfect, but a step forward. Well, that, frankly, is an opinion. It is not the facts. Here are the facts: The legislation overrides environ-mental laws, allowing the EPA to move the goalposts in terms of radiation lim-its to ensure that nothing will ever interfere with the agenda of the nu-clear industry. It sets up a consent-based process for the establishment of an interim stor-age facility but imposes a permanent facility at Yucca Mountain. It increases the amount of nuclear waste to be dumped in Nevada by 37 percent, 110 metric tons more that were not considered in any of the envi-ronmental or safety studies being used to justify the project. It also removes the prohibition cur-rently in law that prohibits Nevada from being the de facto interim storage facility until a permanent one can be licensed. It was also changed after passing out of committee to address the high scor-ing costs, making it less likely that we get host benefits. The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chair, I yield an ad-ditional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Nevada. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, also, contrary to the sponsor’s comments, the area around Yucca Mountain is not some desolate area. It has iconic wildlife, en-dangered species, and Native American artifacts. Also, the proposed facility sits above the water table and on an active fault and can only be reached by roads that travel through 329 of your congres-sional districts. Finally, like New Mexico, the people in Nevada have suffered from tests of atomic weapons that the government told us: Don’t worry; it will be safe. In short, this bill does nothing to really address the root of the problem, and I urge Members to vote against it. It has cost us 36 years and $15 billion, and all we have to show for it is a hole in the ground. We should be doing con-sent-based decisionmaking that will move us forward and not continue this failed policy that is bad politics and bad policy. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. ADERHOLT ), a subcommittee chair of the Committee on Appropria-tions. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague, Mr. S
HIMKUS , for this important legislation. This is a bipartisan piece of legisla-tion that, it has already been said, puts our country back on the right track in honoring that commitment that was made by the Federal Government to safely collect and dispose of spent nu-clear fuel and high-level nuclear waste. It has been noted here this morning that, under the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, Congress assigned the re-sponsibility for spent nuclear fuel to the Federal Government; but today, be-cause the Federal Government has failed to honor this commitment, spent nuclear fuel sits idle in 121 commu-nities across 39 States. It was back in 1987 that Congress des-ignated Yucca Mountain as the perma-nent repository for nuclear waste, but despite collecting more than $40 billion from taxpayers, Yucca Mountain nu-clear waste repository has yet to be completed. The legislation before us today offers important reforms for our country’s nuclear waste policy. It utilizes Yucca Mountain as our main point of nuclear waste storage, while directing the De-partment of Energy to move forward with a temporary storage program as it works on the Yucca Mountain facility. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague again for his legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3053. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 111⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Illinois has 14 minutes remaining. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 min-utes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ). Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chair, today I rise to speak in opposition to H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. Mr. Chair, I find it offensive. I sit here and listen to all my colleagues, and they all want to send nuclear waste to the State of Nevada. They are all generating this nuclear waste, and they want to send it to my backyard right in the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict. Bottom line is this, Mr. Chair: If you generate nuclear waste, you should keep it in your own backyard. Don’t be sending it to our backyard. I have met with various people out at Nellis Air Force Base and Creech Air Force Base and the Hawthorne Army Depot. These are very important mili-tary installations in the Fourth Con-gressional District for our entire coun-try. They don’t want this nuclear waste passing through their own back-yard. It is offensive. It is offensive that we have a State that depends on tourism, that depends on people coming into the State, and we want to bring all this nu-clear waste to my backyard. We want to send it to Yucca Mountain, a place that hasn’t even been deemed safe. It is disappointing, Mr. Chair, that we have all this nuclear waste and we can’t pick any other place in the coun-try. It has to be somewhere where we have military bases. It has to be some-where where it hasn’t been deemed safe, where there is seismic activity. Just a few weeks ago, there was an earthquake there. Mr. Chair, I am seriously concerned for Nevadans. I am seriously concerned for our military bases. I am concerned about our tourists who are going to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.009 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3898 May 10, 2018 
coming from all over the country. I am concerned about every single one of the congressional districts and its con-stituents where this nuclear waste is going to be traveling through. These are some serious concerns that have been brought up that none of us, none of my colleagues have been able to ad-dress. Mr. Chair, I am here to oppose this project. I am here to speak on behalf of 80 percent of Nevadans who oppose bringing nuclear waste to our back-yard, and I am here to send a message that we are going to continue fighting this tooth and nail right here in Con-gress, in the Senate, here in the House, and, also, if need be, we are going to continue fighting this in the legal courts. Mr. Chair, I am here to speak in op-position and to speak on behalf of all Nevadans. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ), who has been very helpful in this project. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. At the decommissioned San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station just south of my district, 1,800 tons of spent nu-clear fuel sits along the Pacific coast-line. This spent nuclear fuel must be moved for safety and environmental reasons, but also out of fairness to American taxpayers. To date, California ratepayers have contributed more than $2 billion to the Nuclear Waste Fund, with the promise those funds would help establish a per-manent storage facility. H.R. 3053 au-thorizes interim storage, a necessary step to move spent nuclear fuel out of our communities and into interim stor-age facilities, until a permanent stor-age solution is established. Mr. Chair, I speak on behalf of my constituents, who say the time to fix this problem is now. The Federal Gov-ernment owes it to the American peo-ple to fulfill its obligation and take ownership of spent fuel. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) for his leadership on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3053. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 min-utes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ). Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from New York for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise today and stand with the overwhelming majority of Nevad-ans who wholeheartedly oppose our State becoming the dumping ground for the rest of the Nation’s nuclear waste. Based on the Department of Energy’s own studies, Yucca Mountain is unfit as a repository site for nuclear waste because of the impact it would have on national transportation. We are talk-ing about shipping up to three loads of radioactive waste per week to Nevada by rail or truck for over 50 years. Here is a map of what the proposed routes would look like. Dangerous waste would go through 329 congres-sional districts across this country. To the Members representing these districts: Do you consent to high-level radioactive waste barreling down your highways and your train tracks? Are you prepared to face your constituents at home and tell them that you voted to put their safety at risk? Yucca Mountain would also jeop-ardize our national security and the readiness of our Air Force by compro-mising military activities at the Ne-vada Test and Training Range, the largest air and ground military train-ing space in the contiguous United States. Instead of spending billions more in hard-earned taxpayer dollars on this ill-conceived project, let’s work on con-verting the site into something that will keep our families safe and still create jobs. My bill, the Jobs, Not Waste Act, which I offered as an amendment to H.R. 3053, would prohibit DOE from moving forward with its plan until a number of other job-creating alter-natives for Yucca Mountain are consid-ered. It is an innovative and forward- thinking solution to repurpose this site for something useful. Mr. Chair, I urge Congress to stop wasting time and taxpayer money on Yucca Mountain and finally realize just how dangerous and costly this project will be. It is past time we iden-tified viable alternatives for this project while finding a safe, long-term repository in a State that consents to its siting. The CHAIR. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. KINZINGER ). Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, as a military pilot, Air Force pilot, I think it is important to note that this will not affect range op-erations at Nellis Air Force Base. My district is home to four nuclear power plants, and I have seen firsthand the hard work and dedication of the men and women who work there. These plants not only provide clean, reliable power, but also create good jobs, and they strengthen our communities. In 1982, the government made a com-mitment to these communities. Con-gress and the President approved Yucca Mountain over 15 years ago. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission con-cluded it can safely store spent fuel there for 1 million years. In Illinois alone, ratepayers have contributed over $3 billion to the Nu-clear Waste Fund, and Illinois houses more spent fuel than any State. Today is about following through on our commitments. We must reassure communities like La Salle and Byron, that put their trust in the government, that they can continue to make clean, reliable nuclear power as well as have a safe place to store it. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman and my Illinois colleague, JOHN SHIMKUS , for being a tireless advocate for mak-ing good on this commitment. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. Next to me is a picture of Haddam Neck, Connecticut, which is a pristine part of the State where the Con-necticut River and the Salmon River come together. Where the circle is on the photograph, there are 43 casks of spent nuclear power uranium rods that, again, today, pretty much cordon off that whole area. If you drove up in a car, you would be met by a platoon of heavily armed security guards who, for good reason, have to patrol that area every single day because of the dan-gerous material that is stored there. That has been the case for over 20 years. It costs Connecticut ratepayers $10 million a year, again, for a site that should be long overdue for renovation and access to folks from all over the world because of its rich archeological and historical area. This bill provides a way out for this area, along with 120 other sites across the country, where host communities have been saddled with storage of spent nuclear fuel because of the fact that this country has been unable to come together with a coherent policy. This bill provides a way out. Mr. Chair, I congratulate the pro-ponents on both sides of the aisle for getting us to that place. Waterford, Connecticut, is also home to Dominion, a nuclear power plant with a similar situation that, again, is long overdue for change. I also just want to note, as the Rep-resentative from Groton, Connecticut, the home of the nuclear Navy—it was where the Nautilus was first launched in 1956—we have, as a country, been transporting spent nuclear fuel for air-craft carriers and nuclear submarines for decades by land and by sea safely and efficiently, and the notion that we can’t do this for our civilian nuclear power facilities is, frankly, just demon-strably untrue. b1000 We can do this, and this bill provides, as I say, a mechanism for an interim storage that is sensible, that is logical, and is bipartisan. Again, I congratulate the proponents and strongly urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this measure later this morning. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. L
EWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the chairman for his lead-ership on this vital issue. The Federal Government asked Americans to pay roughly $40 billion in taxes and interest with the promise the government would operate a national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.012 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3899 May 10, 2018 
repository. Thirty-seven years later, no repository, and my district is ham-pered with the burden of maintaining 40 spent fuel casks, with more on the way. Now, while on-site storage is done in a very safe and highly secure manner, it is simply not appropriate. In fact, in 1991, the United States Department of the Interior agreed, stating: ‘‘The im-position of risk upon the Prairie Island Indian community is an unreasonable burden.’’ Prairie Island is just one community shouldering this burden. The city of Red Wing and the citizens of Goodhue County expect better. In fact, my constituents reminded me that, by law, the repository should have been open in 1998, stating: But it is not our responsibility to remind Congress to do its job. They are right. I urge my colleagues to uphold our promise and vote in favor of this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 4053, and I thank Chairman S
HIMKUS for the great leadership he has provided on this bill on this really significant issue. This bill authorizes the construction of Yucca Mountain as a nuclear waste storage site, which would alleviate the burden of incredible risk that is now borne by communities throughout the country, such as in my district, where homes are not far located from the closed San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station. That, and many other plants throughout the Nation, have closed their doors in decades. Yet, Congress has yet to agree how to safely store that waste, and what is really impor-tant is we must store the waste. But while we develop new nuclear en-ergy technologies, that we are capable of doing, that are safe, and produce less of their own waste, and can consume the waste of older plants, I reminded Secretary of Energy Perry of that yes-terday; but, in the meantime, until that technology—by the way, it is sin-ful that we have not developed that technology, which we are capable of, that could eat this waste. But until we do, having safe storage at Yucca Mountain makes all the sense to me and is safe for my constituents. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 3053, the Nu-clear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. As a cosponsor of this legislation, I understand the importance of enact-ing critical reforms to our nuclear waste management strategy, reforms that are long overdue. Mr. Chairman, I have the great honor of representing Georgia’s 12th Congres-sional District, which is home to every nuclear reactor in our State, and we are leading the way in the new nuclear. At Plant Vogtle, in my district, there are thousands of spent fuel rods being held in spent fuel pools and dry cask storage containers, and in the next few years we are going to double the num-ber of nuclear reactors online at Vogtle. H.R. 3053 would help pave the way to quickly establish a permanent geologi-cal repository to dispose of the waste that currently sits in 121 communities across America, including those in Georgia-12. This process has gone on far too long, and now it is time for Congress to act and pass this common-sense legislation. I want to thank Subcommittee Chair SHIMKUS for his work and diligence on this matter, and I urge all my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ for this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ). Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague, our ranking member, for allowing me to speak. I rise in support of H.R. 3053, the Nu-clear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. Congress, back in 1982, passed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act, directing the Department of Energy and Nuclear Regulatory Commission to open a per-manent repository for our Nation’s spent nuclear fuel. Now, Congress is slow, but this is amazing how we haven’t dealt with this. Over three decades later, America is still without a repository, leaving tens of thousands of tons of nuclear waste vulnerable to acts of terror or other ca-tastrophes. If you say you are for all-of-the- above for power generation, then you need to vote for this bill, because if we are really going to use nuclear power, which we get about 20 percent in Texas, we need a place to put that waste, and not just on the sites where we produce it. There was a decision made in the 1980s it would be out in Yucca Moun-tain, and that wasn’t our decision, but that is there, and it is Federal prop-erty. That is where we exploded atomic bombs during the testing. Nobody is going to build condos on that property, because I was out there with the chair-man of the committee. Until the day we find interim storage to ensure 70,000 tons of spent fuel sit-ting in our Nation’s nuclear plants are safe from harm at an interim storage facility, there is one proposed in west Texas that the folks out there want it. I ask my colleagues to support this bill so we can finally move the ball for-ward on safely storing our Nation’s spent nuclear fuel. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I rise too, in support of this bill, and I want to single out Chairman SHIMKUS for his tireless work. He stood up in con-ference after conference after con-ference, insisting that we move for-ward. This bill has been, indeed, a long time coming. This is about a national solution to a national problem. Each of the States could come up with their own navies, their own armies. We tried that once in South Carolina. It didn’t work out so well. But it is important that we, again, have a national solution to a national issue; that is certainly the case with nuclear waste. This is about moving past politics to policy. This thing has been held up for years based on poli-tics. I don’t begrudge anybody in Nevada for pushing and using every tool in the toolkit in holding it off, but this is ul-timately moving to policy. This is about not building a moun-tain of waste in South Carolina and a whole lot of other interim sites across this country. We have a fault line at the Savannah River Site, and there are similar security concerns with the plethora of different sites that we have across this country. Consolidating makes sense from a security stand-point. Finally, this is about giving people what they paid for, $40 billion nation-ally, over $1 billion in South Carolina paid by ratepayers. I thank the chairman for acting on this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. H
ANDEL ). Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Illinois, Rep-resentative S
HIMKUS , for his steadfast leadership on this very important issue. I rise today, as well, to lend my sup-port to H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. Mr. Chairman, America lacks the necessary geological repository for im-portant nuclear power resources. Be-cause of this, spent nuclear fuel cur-rently sits idle in over 100 communities across 39 States. This deficiency has cost electricity ratepayers over $40 bil-lion with little to nothing to show for the exorbitant cost. H.R. 3053 makes long overdue reforms to the Nuclear Waste Fund and facili-tates the formal licensing process for the repository at Yucca Mountain. It provides a commonsense, bipartisan in-terim solution for the safe storage of nuclear waste. Most importantly, H.R. 3053 ensures that this safe, efficient form of energy can continue to expand and be utilized in the United States, such as Georgia’s Plant Vogtle. Mr. Chairman, H.R. 3053 is much- needed legislation that will finally en-sure the safe disposal of nuclear waste 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.015 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3900 May 10, 2018 
in this country. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ). (Mr. BARTON asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I can’t think of a more unrewarding, difficult, fruitless issue to be asked to be the leader on than trying to find a solution to high-level nuclear waste. Can you imagine if, when you get elected to Congress, you are called into the Speaker’s office or the minority lead-er’s office and said: Now, I know you are young and bright and everything, but we want you to take the lead on something that we haven’t been able to solve in 30 years. Well, that is what J
OHNSHIMKUS and Congressman T
ONKO have been tasked to do. There is not a more unpleasant issue in the 30-something years I have been in the House than this issue. Having said that, it is probably one of the most important issues to solve. We have, at one time, over 100 oper-ating nuclear reactors. They generate electricity every day, and they use and eventually consume their nuclear fuel rods. And when they have been used up, you can’t put them on the curb and tell the trash to pick them up. Now, Mr. T
ONKO and Mr. S HIMKUS  have worked, not just this Congress, but the last Congress, and in the case of J
OHNSHIMKUS , probably the last six Congresses, seven Congresses, to try to solve this. We have a bipartisan bill today. I predict it is going to get in the neigh-borhood of 260 to maybe 300 votes. It solves the problem. And the key, in my opinion, to what they have done is that they have allowed for an interim stor-age facility in a State that approves it beforehand. You are going to have States com-pete to accept this high-level nuclear waste on an interim basis, and you make a path forward to finish the li-censing process, or make a negative de-termination in Nevada at Yucca Moun-tain. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
OEof Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SHIMKUS. I yield the gentleman from Texas an additional 30 seconds. Mr. BARTON. You are going to have a way to begin, if this bill becomes law, to get the waste that is now stored on- site at deactivated, in some cases, nu-clear power plants, consolidated to in-terim storage, make a decision on Yucca, ‘‘yea’’ or ‘‘nay,’’ and if it is ‘‘yea’’ then begin that process. This is a very good effort. It should pass the House, it should pass the Sen-ate, and the President should sign it. And then we will finally, after almost 40 years, begin to solve high-level nu-clear waste issues in America. I thank both the leaders on this bill, and I hope we get a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am not closing yet. We are waiting for the majority whip. Mr. Chairman, I want to highlight a couple of issues, of course, that have been raised. In my brief opening state-ment I reminded the folks—and I see my colleague from Chicagoland on the floor—Chicago gets 55 million visitors a year. In Chicagoland there are 10,000 metric tons. That is in the community, that is where there are condos, and it is right there. This proposed long-term repository is 90 miles away from Las Vegas. It is a mountain in a desert. If it gets ap-proved, final adjudication. And what has held up the final adju-dication? Politics on the appropriation matter, which I think this bill is going to help solve, because once we get a good vote—my colleagues, I don’t think we voted on an authorization bill, on this issue on an authorization bill, since 2002. b1015 That is when the State of Nevada ob-jected, per the law. They were allowed to do that. We had a chance, then, to override that veto. Because, as MARK S
ANFORD said, this is a national prob-lem that demands a national solution. So the law laid out an opportunity to hear the complaints from the State of Nevada and say ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no.’’ They said ‘‘no.’’ The law laid out the opportunity for the national legislative body and the President of the United States to de-cide to accept or reject that. I think this Chamber vote was about 350 to reject the State of Nevada’s op-position. The Senate rejected it on a voice vote. So we have been through this numer-ous times. We know where the major-ity of Representatives are, and we know where the majority of Senators will be. We have just got to move. We have got to address this national prob-lem with a national solution. Another issue that was just touched on by Chairman W
ALDEN , he spent a lot of time on it, is spent nuclear fuel. This is ratepayers also helping pay for our defense waste obligations. The nu-clear weapons and winning the Cold War created stockpiles of nuclear waste, toxic sludge, in areas in four States primarily. Primarily, Wash-ington State, also South Carolina. Ratepayers are going to help safely dis-pose of that. So when you take the national de-fense problem and the spent nuclear fuel problem, we are moving forward in that direction. Nevadans are not uniformly opposed to the repository. In fact, nine of the surrounding counties have passed reso-lutions to move forward, at least with the adjudication. And as my colleagues from Nevada know, I have been to that State quite a few times, and we talked to many, many people on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, it is very rare that we consider a perfect bill. This is not the bill Mr. PALLONE or I would have writ-ten on our own, and I do not think it is a bill Mr. S
HIMKUS would have wanted on his own either, but that is the na-ture of compromise. I again want to thank Mr. S
HIMKUS  and his staff for their willingness to work with us to address a number of our concerns with the initial bill. And I want to acknowledge the hard work done by Tuley Wright, Rick Kessler, and other members of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee minor-ity staff, who worked so diligently on this legislation. I truly understand the concerns raised by my colleagues in opposition, especially those from the Nevada dele-gation, and I sympathize with many of their arguments, but the reality is our Nation has a substantial amount of nu-clear waste, and we as a Nation need a plan to address it. We are dealing with the constraints of legislation passed some 30 years ago, and within those constraints, I believe this bill is a step in the right direction to address our Nation’s nuclear waste issues. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to also thank the staff on both sides for their work. This is the way legislation is supposed to move. You have hear-ings. In Energy and Commerce, we really have four: a subcommittee hear-ing markup, subcommittee markup, full committee markup, then we go through the process. So our staff has done a tremendous job. I also want to thank Ranking Mem-ber P
ALLONE and Ranking Member T
ONKO for their friendship and their ac-tually good negotiating skills. As they have told me many times, they have changed this bill through their dili-gence, and that has got us here to a better product. I will end up on three quick points. We have raised them before. We can transport this safely. We have done it for decades. Every day, taxpayers are paying from all 50 States into the Judgment Fund because of our failure to meet our legal obligations. I think it is almost $800 million a year that we pay because we are breaking the law. Independent scientific analysis of the Yucca Mountain repository found the site can safely dispose of nuclear waste for 1 million years. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.016 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3901 May 10, 2018 
Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Chair, today, my col-leagues and I will vote on H.R. 3053, the Nu-clear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. H.R. 3053 provides practical reforms to ensure that the federal government fulfills its legal ob-ligation to dispose of nuclear waste currently present in 121 communities across 39 states. The federal government is 20 years behind in implementing this disposal program. As a re-sult, current litigation costs have totaled more than $6 billion—mounting to nearly $800 mil-lion a year and approximately $34 billion in fu-ture liabilities. I am proud to support this legis-lation, and I ask my colleagues to vote for H.R. 3053. H.R. 3053 reforms the program’s broken fi-nancing mechanism. The Nuclear Waste Pol-icy Act of 1982 established the Nuclear Waste Fund financed through the collection of fee re-ceipts paid by nuclear utilities and ratepayers. However, under current scorekeeping, these receipts are credited as offsetting mandatory receipts rather than discretionary appropria-tions in the federal budget. Consequently, the program cannot be adequately funded be-cause the collected fees are not credited to-ward discretionary appropriations for future program expenditures. Addressing the budgetary classification of these fees prior to the Department of Energy resuming their collection is a top priority. In order for this program to operate as intended, the collection of these fees must be classified as discretionary spending. H.R. 3053 accom-plishes this by offsetting future spending for nuclear waste management as discretionary spending and ensuring long-term funding for the program. The circumstances of the Nu-clear Waste Fund are unique due to the delay in implementation of the program and the re-sulting litigation. As a result, both the fee col-lections and the program’s subsequent spend-ing need equivalent budgetary classifications. The scorekeeping treatment in the bill should not be viewed as a precedent for future legislative activity in other, unrelated pro-grams. We are 20 years behind fulfilling this pro-gram’s promise. We owe it to the taxpayer, ratepayer, and nuclear industry to pass H.R. 3053 and uphold our legal and contractual ob-ligations to collect nuclear waste. I support the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018 and urge its passage. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee print 115–69. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 3053 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—MONITORED RETRIEVABLE STORAGE Sec. 101. Monitored retrievable storage. Sec. 102. Authorization and priority. Sec. 103. Conditions for MRS agreements. Sec. 104. Survey. Sec. 105. Site selection. Sec. 106. Benefits agreement. Sec. 107. Licensing. Sec. 108. Financial assistance. TITLE II—PERMANENT REPOSITORY Sec. 201. Land withdrawal, jurisdiction, and reservation. Sec. 202. Application procedures and infra-structure activities. Sec. 203. Pending repository license application. Sec. 204. Limitation on planning, development, or construction of defense waste repository. Sec. 205. Sense of Congress regarding transpor-tation routes. TITLE III—DOE CONTRACT PERFORMANCE Sec. 301. Title to material. TITLE IV—BENEFITS TO HOST COMMUNITY Sec. 401. Consent. Sec. 402. Content of agreements. Sec. 403. Covered units of local government. Sec. 404. Termination. Sec. 405. Priority funding for certain institu-tions of higher education. Sec. 406. Disposal of spent nuclear fuel. Sec. 407. Updated report. TITLE V—FUNDING Sec. 501. Assessment and collection of fees. Sec. 502. Use of Waste Fund. Sec. 503. Annual multiyear budget proposal. Sec. 504. Availability of certain amounts. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 601. Certain standards and criteria. Sec. 602. Application. Sec. 603. Transportation safety assistance. Sec. 604. Office of Civilian Radioactive Waste Management. Sec. 605. West Lake Landfill. Sec. 606. Subseabed or ocean water disposal. Sec. 607. Sense of Congress regarding storage of nuclear waste near the Great Lakes. Sec. 608. Budgetary effects. TITLE I—MONITORED RETRIEVABLE STORAGE 
SEC. 101. MONITORED RETRIEVABLE STORAGE. 
(a) P ROPOSAL .—Section 141(b) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10161(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘1985’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the construction of’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) designs, specifications, and cost estimates sufficient to— ‘‘(i) solicit bids for the construction of one or more such facilities; and ‘‘(ii) enable completion and operation of such a facility as soon as practicable;’’; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘this Act.’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) options to enter into MRS agreements with respect to one or more monitored retriev-able storage facilities.’’; and (3) by amending paragraph (4) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(4) The Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018, publish a request for information to help the Secretary evaluate options for the Secretary to enter into MRS agreements with respect to one or more monitored retrievable storage facilities.’’. (b) ADDITIONAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 141 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10161) is fur-ther amended— (A) in subsection (c)(2)— (i) by striking ‘‘If the Congress’’ and all that follows through ‘‘monitored retrievable storage facility, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘construction of such facility’’ and inserting ‘‘construction of a monitored re-trievable storage facility’’; and (B) by striking subsections (d) through (h). (2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101) is amended— (A) in paragraph (34), by striking ‘‘the storage facility’’ and inserting ‘‘a storage facility’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(35) The term ‘MRS agreement’ means a co-operative agreement, contract, or other mecha-nism that the Secretary considers appropriate to support the storage of Department-owned civil-ian waste in one or more monitored retrievable storage facilities as authorized under section 142(b)(2). ‘‘(36) The term ‘Department-owned civilian waste’ means high-level radioactive waste, or spent nuclear fuel, resulting from civilian nu-clear activities, to which the Department holds title.’’. (3) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 146 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10166) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘such sub-section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f) of such section’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘this sub-section’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’. 
SEC. 102. AUTHORIZATION AND PRIORITY. 
Section 142 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10162) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—Subject to the require-ments of this subtitle, the Secretary is author-ized to— ‘‘(1) site, construct, and operate one or more monitored retrievable storage facilities; and ‘‘(2) store, pursuant to an MRS agreement, Department-owned civilian waste at a mon-itored retrievable storage facility for which a non-Federal entity holds a license described in section 143(1). ‘‘(c) P
RIORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the Secretary shall prioritize storage of Department-owned civilian waste at a mon-itored retrievable storage facility authorized under subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINATION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply if the Secretary determines that it will be faster and less expensive to site, construct, and operate a facility authorized under sub-section (b)(1), in comparison to a facility au-thorized under subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the Secretary makes a determination de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to Congress written notification of such determination.’’. 
SEC. 103. CONDITIONS FOR MRS AGREEMENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 143 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10163) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 143. CONDITIONS FOR MRS AGREEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may not enter into an MRS agreement under section 142(b)(2) unless— ‘‘(1) the monitored retrievable storage facility with respect to which the MRS agreement ap-plies has been licensed by the Commission under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.); ‘‘(2) the non-Federal entity that is a party to the MRS agreement has approval to store De-partment-owned civilian waste at such facility from each of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.011 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3902 May 10, 2018 
‘‘(A) the Governor of the State in which the facility is located; ‘‘(B) any unit of general local government with jurisdiction over the area in which the fa-cility is located; and ‘‘(C) any affected Indian tribe; ‘‘(3) except as provided in subsection (b), the Commission has issued a final repository deci-sion; and ‘‘(4) the MRS agreement provides that the quantity of high-level radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel at the site of the facility at any one time will not exceed the limits described in section 148(d)(3) and (4). ‘‘(b) I
NITIAL AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may enter into one MRS agreement under section 142(b)(2) before the Commission has issued a final repository decision. ‘‘(2) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this subsection— ‘‘(A) for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2022, the greater of— ‘‘(i) $50,000,000; or ‘‘(ii) the amount that is equal to 10 percent of the amounts appropriated from the Waste Fund in that fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) for each of fiscal years 2023 through 2025, the amount that is equal to 10 percent of the amounts appropriated from the Waste Fund in that fiscal year. ‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An MRS agreement en-tered into pursuant to paragraph (1) shall, to the extent allowable under this Act (including under the terms of the standard contract estab-lished in section 961.11 of title 10, Code of Fed-eral Regulations), provide for prioritization of the storage of Department-owned civilian waste that originated from facilities that have ceased commercial operation. ‘‘(B) N
O EFFECT ON STANDARD CONTRACT .— Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed to amend or otherwise alter the standard con-tract established in section 961.11 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(4) C
ONDITIONS .— ‘‘(A) N
O STORAGE .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the Secretary may not store any Department-owned civilian waste at the initial MRS facility until the Commission has issued a final repository decision. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .— ‘‘(i) F
INDING .—The Secretary may make a finding that a final repository decision is immi-nent, which finding shall be updated not less often than quarterly until the date on which the Commission issues a final repository decision. ‘‘(ii) S
TORAGE .—If the Secretary makes a find-ing under clause (i), the Secretary may store De-partment-owned civilian waste at the initial MRS facility in accordance with this section. ‘‘(iii) N
OTICE .—Not later than seven days after the Secretary makes or updates a finding under clause (i), the Secretary shall submit to Congress written notification of such finding. ‘‘(iv) R
EPORTING .—In addition to the require-ments of section 114(c), if the Secretary makes a finding under clause (i), the Secretary shall sub-mit to Congress the report described in such sec-tion 114(c) not later than 1 month after the Sec-retary makes such finding and monthly there-after until the date on which the Commission issues a final repository decision. ‘‘(C) N
O EFFECT ON FEDERAL DISPOSAL POL -
ICY.—Nothing in this subsection affects the Fed-eral responsibility for the disposal of high-level radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel, or the definite Federal policy with regard to the dis-posal of such waste and spent fuel, established under subtitle A, as described in section 111(b). ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) F
INAL REPOSITORY DECISION .—The term ‘final repository decision’ means a final decision approving or disapproving the issuance of a construction authorization for a repository under section 114(d)(1). ‘‘(2) INITIAL MRS FACILITY .—The term ‘initial MRS facility’ means the monitored retrievable storage facility with respect to which an MRS agreement is entered into pursuant to subsection (b)(1).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item re-lating to section 143 in the table of contents for the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 143. Conditions for MRS agreements.’’. 
SEC. 104. SURVEY. 
Section 144 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10164) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘After the MRS Commission submits its report to the Congress under section 143, the’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— The’’; (2) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for a monitored retrievable storage fa-cility’’ and inserting ‘‘for any monitored retriev-able storage facility authorized under section 142’’; (3) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (4) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) be acceptable to State authorities, af-fected units of local government, and affected Indian tribes. ‘‘(b) R
EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .—The Secretary shall issue a request for proposals for an MRS agreement authorized under section 142(b)(2) be-fore conducting a survey and evaluation under subsection (a), and shall consider any proposals received in response to such request in making the evaluation.’’. 
SEC. 105. SITE SELECTION. 
Section 145 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10165) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘select the site evaluated’’ and inserting ‘‘select a site evaluated’’; (B) by striking ‘‘the most’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘authorized under section 142(b)(1)’’ after ‘‘monitored retrievable storage facility’’; and (2) by striking subsection (g). 
SEC. 106. BENEFITS AGREEMENT. 
Section 147 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10167) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘the Secretary intends to con-struct and operate under section 142(b)(1)’’ after ‘‘storage facility’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘or once a non-Federal entity enters into an MRS agreement under section 142(b)(2),’’ after ‘‘section 145,’’. 
SEC. 107. LICENSING. 
(a) R EVIEW OF LICENSE APPLICATION .—Section 148(c) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10168(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 142(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 142(b)(1)’’. (b) L
ICENSING CONDITIONS .—Section 148(d) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10168(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘has issued a license for the construction of a repository under section 115(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘has issued a final decision approving or disapproving the issuance of a construction authorization for a repository under section 114(d)(1)’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or construc-tion of the repository ceases’’. 
SEC. 108. FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE. 
Section 149 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 is amended by inserting ‘‘authorized under section 142(b)(1)’’ after ‘‘a monitored retrievable storage facility’’. TITLE II—PERMANENT REPOSITORY 
SEC. 201. LAND WITHDRAWAL, JURISDICTION, AND RESERVATION. 
(a) L AND WITHDRAWAL , JURISDICTION , AND R
ESERVATION .— (1) L
AND WITHDRAWAL .—Subject to valid exist-ing rights and except as provided otherwise in this section, the lands described in subsection (c) are withdrawn permanently from all forms of entry, appropriation, and disposal under the public land laws, including the mineral leasing laws, the geothermal leasing laws, and the min-ing laws. (2) JURISDICTION .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, jurisdiction over the with-drawal is vested in the Secretary. There are transferred to the Secretary the lands within the withdrawal under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary concerned on the effective date described in subsection (j)(1). (3) R
ESERVATION .—The withdrawal is reserved for use by the Secretary for development, preconstruction testing and performance con-firmation, licensing, construction, management and operation, monitoring, closure, postclosure, and other activities associated with the disposal of high-level radioactive waste and spent nu-clear fuel under the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101 et seq.). (b) R
EVOCATION AND MODIFICATION OF PUBLIC  L
ANDORDERS AND RIGHTS -OF-WAY.— (1) P
UBLIC LAND ORDER REVOCATION .—Public Land Order 6802 of September 25, 1990, as ex-tended by Public Land Order 7534, and any con-ditions or memoranda of understanding accom-panying those land orders, are revoked. (2) R
IGHT-OF-WAY RESERVATIONS .—Project right-of-way reservations N–48602 and N–47748 of January 2001, are revoked. (c) L
ANDDESCRIPTION .— (1) B
OUNDARIES .—The lands and interests in lands withdrawn and reserved by this section comprise the approximately 147,000 acres of land in Nye County, Nevada, as generally depicted on the Yucca Mountain Project Map, YMP–03– 024.2, entitled ‘‘Proposed Land Withdrawal’’ and dated July 21, 2005. (2) L
EGAL DESCRIPTION AND MAP .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall— (A) publish in the Federal Register a notice containing a legal description of the with-drawal; and (B) file copies of the maps described in para-graph (1) and the legal description of the with-drawal with the Congress, the Governor of the State of Nevada, and the Archivist of the United States. (3) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—The maps and legal description referred to in this subsection have the same force and effect as if they were included in this section. The Secretary of the In-terior may correct clerical and typographical er-rors in the maps and legal description. (d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER RESERVATIONS .— The provisions of subtitle A of title XXX of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (sections 3011–3023 of Public Law 106–65) and of Public Land Order 2568 do not apply to the lands with-drawn and reserved for use by the Secretary under subsection (a). This Act does not apply to any other lands withdrawn for use by the De-partment of Defense under subtitle A of title XXX of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999. (e) M
ANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary shall manage the lands withdrawn by subsection (a) consistent with the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), this section, and other applicable law. The Sec-retary shall consult with the Secretary con-cerned in discharging that responsibility. (2) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .— (A) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary, after con-sulting with the Secretary concerned, shall de-velop a management plan for the use of the withdrawal. Within 3 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit the management plan to the Congress and the State of Nevada. (B) P
RIORITY OF YUCCA MOUNTAIN PROJECT - 
RELATED ISSUES .—Subject to subparagraphs (C) and (D), any use of the withdrawal for activi-ties not associated with the Project is subject to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.021 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3903 May 10, 2018 
conditions and restrictions that the Secretary considers necessary or desirable to permit the conduct of Project-related activities. (C) D
EPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE USES .— The management plan may provide for the con-tinued use by the Department of the Air Force of the portion of the withdrawal within the Nellis Air Force Base Test and Training Range under terms and conditions on which the Sec-retary and the Secretary of the Air Force agree concerning Air Force activities. (D) O
THER NON -YUCCA -MOUNTAIN -PROJECT  
USES.—The management plan shall provide for the maintenance of wildlife habitat and shall provide that the Secretary may permit non- Project-related uses that the Secretary considers appropriate, including domestic livestock graz-ing and hunting and trapping in accordance with the following requirements: (i) G
RAZING .—The Secretary may permit graz-ing to continue where established before the ef-fective date described in subsection (j)(1), sub-ject to regulations, policies, and practices that the Secretary, after consulting with the Sec-retary of the Interior, determines to be necessary or appropriate. The management of grazing shall be conducted in accordance with applica-ble grazing laws and policies, including— (I) the Act commonly known as the ‘‘Taylor Grazing Act’’ (43 U.S.C. 315 et seq.); (II) title IV of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); and (III) the Public Rangelands Improvement Act of 1978 (43 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.). (ii) H
UNTING AND TRAPPING .—The Secretary may permit hunting and trapping within the withdrawal where established before the effec-tive date described in subsection (k)(1), except that the Secretary, after consulting with the Secretary of the Interior and the State of Ne-vada, may designate zones where, and establish periods when, no hunting or trapping is per-mitted for reasons of public safety, national se-curity, administration, or public use and enjoy-ment. (E) M
INING .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), surface or subsurface mining or oil or gas production, including slant drilling from outside the boundaries of the withdrawal, is not per-mitted at any time on lands on or under the withdrawal. The Secretary of the Interior shall evaluate and adjudicate the validity of all unpatented mining claims on the portion of the withdrawal that, on the date of enactment of this Act, was under the control of the Bureau of Land Management. The Secretary shall provide just compensation for the acquisition of any valid property right. (ii) C
IND-R–L ITE MINE .—Patented Mining Claim No. 27–83–0002, covering the Cind–R–Lite Mine, shall not be affected by establishment of the withdrawal set forth in subsection (a)(1). In that event, the Secretary shall provide just com-pensation. (F) L
IMITED PUBLIC ACCESS .—The manage-ment plan may provide for limited public access to the portion of the withdrawal under Bureau of Land Management control on the effective date described in subsection (j)(1). Permitted uses may include continuation of the Nye Coun-ty Early Warning Drilling Program, utility cor-ridors, and other uses the Secretary, after con-sulting with the Secretary of the Interior, con-siders consistent with the purposes of the with-drawal. (3) C
LOSURE .—If the Secretary, after con-sulting with the Secretary concerned, deter-mines that the health and safety of the public or the common defense and security require the closure of a road, trail, or other portion of the withdrawal, or the airspace above the with-drawal, the Secretary may effect and maintain the closure and shall provide notice of the clo-sure. (4) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary and the Secretary concerned shall implement the man-agement plan developed under paragraph (2) under terms and conditions on which they agree. (f) IMMUNITY .—The United States and its de-partments and agencies shall be held harmless and shall not be liable for damages to persons or property suffered in the course of any mining, mineral leasing, or geothermal leasing activity conducted on the withdrawal. (g) L
AND ACQUISITION .—The Secretary may acquire lands and interests in lands within the withdrawal. Those lands and interests in lands may be acquired by donation, purchase, lease, exchange, easement, rights-of-way, or other ap-propriate methods using donated or appro-priated funds. The Secretary of the Interior shall conduct any exchange of lands within the withdrawal for Federal lands outside the with-drawal. (h) M
ATERIAL REQUIREMENTS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, no Federal, State, Interstate, or local requirement, either substantive or procedural, that is referred to in section 6001(a) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6961(a)) applies with respect to any material— (1) as such material is transported to a reposi-tory for disposal at such repository; or (2) as, or after, such material is disposed of in a repository. (i) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) N
UCLEAR WASTE POLICY ACT OF 1982 DEFINI -
TIONS .—For purposes of this section, the terms ‘‘disposal’’, ‘‘high-level radioactive waste’’, ‘‘re-pository’’, ‘‘Secretary’’, and ‘‘spent nuclear fuel’’ have the meaning given those terms in sec-tion 2 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101). (2) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— (A) the term ‘‘withdrawal’’ means the geo-graphic area consisting of the land described in subsection (c); (B) the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ means the Secretary of the Air Force or the Secretary of the Interior, or both, as appropriate; and (C) the term ‘‘Project’’ means the Yucca Mountain Project. (j) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), this section shall take effect on the date on which the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion issues a final decision approving the issuance of a construction authorization for a repository under section 114(d)(1) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10134(d)) (as so designated by this Act). (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsections (c), (e)(2)(A), (h), (i), and (j) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 202. APPLICATION PROCEDURES AND INFRA-STRUCTURE ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S TATUS REPORT ON APPLICATION .—Section 114(c) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10134(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘the date on which such authorization is granted’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the Commis-sion issues a final decision approving or dis-approving such application’’. (b) A
PPLICATION PROCEDURES AND INFRA-
STRUCTURE ACTIVITIES .—Section 114(d) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10134(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Commission shall con-sider’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATIONS FOR CONSTRUCTION AU -
THORIZATION .—The Commission shall consider’’; (2) by striking ‘‘the expiration of 3 years after the date of the submission of such application’’ and inserting ‘‘30 months after the date of en-actment of the Nuclear Waste Policy Amend-ments Act of 2018’’; (3) by striking ‘‘70,000 metric tons’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘110,000 metric tons’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATIONS TO AMEND .—If the Commis-sion issues a construction authorization for a repository pursuant to paragraph (1) and the Secretary submits an application to amend such authorization, the Commission shall consider the application to amend using expedited, infor-mal procedures, including discovery procedures that minimize the burden on the parties to produce documents. The Commission shall issue a final decision on such application to amend within 1 year after the date of submission of such application, except that the Commission may extend such deadline by not more than 6 months if, not less than 30 days before such deadline, the Commission complies with the re-porting requirements established in subsection (e)(2). ‘‘(3) INFRASTRUCTURE ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—At any time before or after the Commission issues a final decision approv-ing or disapproving the issuance of a construc-tion authorization for a repository pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary may undertake in-frastructure activities that the Secretary con-siders necessary or appropriate to support con-struction or operation of a repository at the Yucca Mountain site or transportation to such site of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radio-active waste. Infrastructure activities include safety upgrades, site preparation, the construc-tion of a rail line to connect the Yucca Moun-tain site with the national rail network (includ-ing any facilities to facilitate rail operations), and construction, upgrade, acquisition, or oper-ation of electrical grids or facilities, other utili-ties, communication facilities, access roads, and nonnuclear support facilities. ‘‘(B) E
NVIRONMENTAL ANALYSIS .—If the Sec-retary determines that an environmental anal-ysis is required under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 with respect to an in-frastructure activity undertaken under this paragraph, the Secretary need not consider al-ternative actions or a no-action alternative. To the extent any other Federal agency must con-sider the potential environmental impact of such an infrastructure activity, the agency shall adopt, to the extent practicable, any environ-mental analysis prepared by the Secretary under this subparagraph without further ac-tion. Such adoption satisfies the responsibilities of the adopting agency under the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969, and no further action is required by the agency. ‘‘(C) N
O GROUNDS FOR DISAPPROVAL .—The Commission may not disapprove, on the grounds that the Secretary undertook an infrastructure activity under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the issuance of a construction authoriza-tion for a repository pursuant to paragraph (1); ‘‘(ii) a license to receive and possess spent nu-clear fuel and high-level radioactive waste; or ‘‘(iii) any other action concerning the reposi-tory.’’. (c) C
ONNECTED ACTIONS .—Section 114(f)(6) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10134(f)(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘or nongeo-logic alternatives to such site’’ and inserting ‘‘nongeologic alternatives to such site, or an ac-tion connected or otherwise related to the repos-itory to the extent the action is undertaken out-side the geologic repository operations area and does not require a license from the Commission’’. 
SEC. 203. PENDING REPOSITORY LICENSE APPLI-CATION. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to require the Sec-retary to amend or otherwise modify an applica-tion for a construction authorization described in section 114(d) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10134(d)) pending as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 204. LIMITATION ON PLANNING, DEVELOP-MENT, OR CONSTRUCTION OF DE-FENSE WASTE REPOSITORY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of Energy may not take any action relating to the plan-ning, development, or construction of a defense waste repository until the date on which the Nuclear Regulatory Commission issues a final 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.021 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3904 May 10, 2018 
decision approving or disapproving the issuance of a construction authorization for a repository under section 114(d)(1) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10134(d)) (as so des-ignated by this Act). (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘atomic energy defense activ-ity’’, ‘‘high-level radioactive waste’’, ‘‘reposi-tory’’, and ‘‘spent nuclear fuel’’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 2 of the Nu-clear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101); and (2) the term ‘‘defense waste repository’’ means the repository for high-level radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel derived from the atomic energy defense activities of the Department of Energy, as described in the draft plan of the De-partment titled ‘‘Draft Plan for a Defense Waste Repository’’ published on December 16, 2016. 
SEC. 205. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING TRANSPORTATION ROUTES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Energy should consider routes for the trans-portation of spent nuclear fuel or high-level ra-dioactive waste transported by or for the Sec-retary under subtitle A of title I of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10131 et seq.) to the Yucca Mountain site that, to the extent practicable, avoid Las Vegas, Nevada. TITLE III—DOE CONTRACT PERFORMANCE SEC. 301. TITLE TO MATERIAL. 
Section 123 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10143) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Delivery’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Delivery’’; (2) by striking ‘‘repository constructed under this subtitle’’ and inserting ‘‘repository or mon-itored retrievable storage facility’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) C
ONTRACT MODIFICATION .—The Secretary may enter into new contracts or negotiate modi-fications to existing contracts, with any person who generates or holds title to high-level radio-active waste or spent nuclear fuel of domestic origin, for acceptance of title, subsequent trans-portation, and storage of such high-level radio-active waste or spent nuclear fuel (including to expedite such acceptance of title, transpor-tation, and storage of such waste or fuel from facilities that have ceased commercial operation) at a monitored retrievable storage facility au-thorized under subtitle C.’’. TITLE IV—BENEFITS TO HOST COMMUNITY SEC. 401. CONSENT. 
Section 170 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10173) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘shall offer’’ and inserting ‘‘may offer’’; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; (3) in subsection (e)— (A) by inserting a comma after ‘‘repository’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘per State,’’ after ‘‘facility’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) C
ONSENT .—The acceptance or use of any of the benefits provided under a benefits agree-ment under this section by the State of Nevada shall not be considered to be an expression of consent, express or implied, to the siting of a re-pository in such State.’’. 
SEC. 402. CONTENT OF AGREEMENTS. 
(a) B ENEFITS SCHEDULE .—The table in section 171(a)(1) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10173a(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘BENEFITS SCHEDULE 
Event MRS Repository 
(A) Annual payments prior to first spent fuel receipt .......................................................................... $5,000,000 $15,000,000
(B) Upon first spent fuel receipt .............................................................................................. ........... $10,000,000 $400,000,000
(C) Annual payments after first spent fuel receipt until closure of the facility ...................................... $10,000,0 00 $40,000,000’’. 
(b) R ESTRICTIONS ON USE.—Section 171(a) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10173a(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘paragraph (7)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (7) and (8)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) None of the payments under this section may be used— ‘‘(A) directly or indirectly to influence legisla-tive action on any matter pending before Con-gress or a State legislature or for any lobbying activity as provided in section 1913 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(B) for litigation purposes; or ‘‘(C) to support multistate efforts or other coa-lition-building activities inconsistent with the siting, construction, or operation of the mon-itored retrievable storage facility or repository concerned.’’. (c) C
ONTENTS .—Section 171(b) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10173a(b)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (2) through (4), respectively; and (3) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated by para-graph (2) of this subsection), by striking ‘‘in the design of the repository or monitored retrievable storage facility and’’. (d) P
AYMENTS BY SECRETARY .—Section 171(c) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10173a(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) P
AYMENTS BY SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall make payments to the State of Nevada under a benefits agreement concerning a reposi-tory under section 170 from the Waste Fund. The signature of the Secretary on a valid bene-fits agreement under this subtitle shall con-stitute a commitment, but only to the extent that all amounts for that purpose are provided in ad-vance in subsequent appropriations Acts, by the Secretary to make payments in accordance with such agreement.’’. SEC. 403. COVERED UNITS OF LOCAL GOVERN-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 172 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 172A. COVERED UNITS OF LOCAL GOVERN-MENT. 
‘‘(a) B ENEFITS AGREEMENT .—Not earlier than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary may enter into a benefits agreement with any covered unit of local gov-ernment concerning a repository for the accept-ance of high-level radioactive waste or spent nuclear fuel in the State of Nevada. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENT OF AGREEMENTS .—In addition to any benefits that a covered unit of local gov-ernment may receive under this Act, the Sec-retary shall make payments to such covered unit of local government that is a party to a benefits agreement under subsection (a) to mitigate im-pacts described in section 175(b). ‘‘(c) P
AYMENTS FROMWASTE FUND.—The Sec- retary shall make payments to a covered unit of local government under a benefits agreement under this section from the Waste Fund. ‘‘(d) R
ESTRICTION ON USE.—None of the pay-ments made pursuant to a benefits agreement under this section may be used— ‘‘(1) directly or indirectly to influence legisla-tive action on any matter pending before Con-gress or a State legislature or for any lobbying activity as provided in section 1913 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(2) for litigation purposes; or ‘‘(3) to support multistate efforts or other coa-lition-building activities inconsistent with the siting, construction, or operation of the reposi-tory. ‘‘(e) C
ONSENT .—The acceptance or use of any of the benefits provided under a benefits agree-ment under this section by any covered unit of local government shall not be considered to be an expression of consent, express or implied, to the siting of a repository in the State of Nevada. ‘‘(f) C
OVERED UNIT OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered unit of local government’ means— ‘‘(1) any affected unit of local government with respect to a repository; and ‘‘(2) any unit of general local government in the State of Nevada.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) B
ENEFITS AGREEMENT .—Section 170(a)(4) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10173(a)(4)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) Benefits and payments under this subtitle made available pursuant to a benefits agreement under this section or section 172A may be made available only in accordance with such benefits agreement and to the extent that all amounts for that purpose are provided in advance in sub-sequent appropriations Acts.’’. (2) L
IMITATION .—Section 170(e) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10173(e)) is further amended by inserting ‘‘under this sec-tion’’ after ‘‘may be in effect’’. (3) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by adding after the item relating to section 172, the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 172A. Covered units of local govern-ment.’’. 
SEC. 404. TERMINATION. 
Section 173 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10173c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘under this title if’’ and in-serting ‘‘under this title’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘concerning a repository or a monitored retrievable storage facility, if’’ before ‘‘the site under consider-ation’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Sec-retary determines that the Commission cannot license the facility within a reasonable time’’ and inserting ‘‘concerning a repository, if the Commission issues a final decision disapproving the issuance of a construction authorization for a repository under section 114(d)(1)’’; and (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) T
ERMINATION BY STATE OR INDIAN  T
RIBE.—A State, covered unit of local govern-ment (as defined in section 172A), or Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.021 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3905 May 10, 2018 
tribe may only terminate a benefits agreement under this title— ‘‘(1) concerning a repository or a monitored retrievable storage facility, if the Secretary dis-qualifies the site under consideration for its fail-ure to comply with technical requirements estab-lished by the Secretary in accordance with this Act; or ‘‘(2) concerning a repository, if the Commis-sion issues a final decision disapproving the issuance of a construction authorization for a repository under section 114(d)(1).’’. 
SEC. 405. PRIORITY FUNDING FOR CERTAIN IN-STITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDU-CATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle G of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10174 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 176. PRIORITY FUNDING FOR CERTAIN IN-STITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDU-CATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In providing any funding to institutions of higher education from the Waste Fund, the Secretary shall prioritize insti-tutions of higher education that are located in the State of Nevada. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘institution of higher education’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by adding after the item relating to section 175, the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 176. Priority funding for certain institu-tions of higher education.’’. 
SEC. 406. DISPOSAL OF SPENT NUCLEAR FUEL. 
Section 122 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10142) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any economic benefits derived from the retrieval of spent nuclear fuel pursuant to this section shall be shared with the State in which the repository is located, affected units of local government, and affected Indian tribes.’’. 
SEC. 407. UPDATED REPORT. 
Section 175(a) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10174a(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 1987’’ and inserting ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018’’. TITLE V—FUNDING 
SEC. 501. ASSESSMENT AND COLLECTION OF FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 302(a)(4) of the Nu-clear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(a)(4)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘(4) Not later than’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(4) A
SSESSMENT , COLLECTION , AND PAYMENT  
OF FEES .— ‘‘(A) A
SSESSMENT OF FEES .—Not later than’’; (B) by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of enactment of the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘collection and payment’’ and inserting ‘‘assessment’’; (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘collec-tion of the fee’’ and inserting ‘‘such amount’’; (3) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘are being collected’’ and inserting ‘‘will result from such amounts’’; (4) in the fifth sentence, by striking ‘‘a period of 90 days of continuous session’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘the date that is 180 days after the date of such transmittal.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
OLLECTION AND PAYMENT OF FEES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018, the Secretary shall establish procedures for the collection and payment of the fees established by paragraph (2) and paragraph (3), or adjusted pursuant to sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(ii) LIMITATION ON COLLECTION .—The Sec- retary may not collect a fee established under paragraph (2), including a fee established under paragraph (2) and adjusted pursuant to sub-paragraph (A)— ‘‘(I) until the date on which the Commission issues a final decision approving or dis-approving the issuance of a construction au-thorization for a repository under section 114(d)(1); and ‘‘(II) after such date, in an amount that will cause the total amount of fees collected under this subsection in any fiscal year to exceed 90 percent of the amounts appropriated for that fiscal year for purposes described in subsection (d). The limitation in subclause (II) shall not apply during a fiscal year if, at any time during that fiscal year, the Waste Fund has a balance of zero. ‘‘(iii) P
AYMENT OF FULL AMOUNTS .—Notwith- standing the noncollection of a fee by the Sec-retary pursuant to clause (ii) in any fiscal year, a person who has entered into a contract with the Secretary under this subsection shall pay any uncollected amounts when determined nec-essary by the Secretary, subject to clause (ii), for purposes described in subsection (d).’’. (b) A
UTHORITY TOMODIFY CONTRACTS .—The Secretary of Energy may seek to modify a con-tract entered into under section 302(a) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(a)) before the date of enactment of this Act to ensure that the contract complies with the provisions of such section, as amended by this Act. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 302(a) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘126(b)’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘insure’’ and inserting ‘‘ensure’’. 
SEC. 502. USE OF WASTE FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 302(d) of the Nu-clear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘mainte-nance and monitoring’’ and all that follows through the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘maintenance and monitoring of any repository or test and evaluation facility constructed under this Act;’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘to be dis-posed of’’ and all that follows through the semi-colon at the end and inserting ‘‘to be disposed of in a repository or to be used in a test and evaluation facility;’’; (3) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘at a reposi-tory site’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘at a repository site or a test and evaluation facility site and necessary or inci-dent to such repository or test and evaluation facility;’’; (4) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) payments under benefits agreements for a repository entered into under section 170 or 172A.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 117(d) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10137(d)) is amended by inserting ‘‘designated with respect to a repository’’ after ‘‘such representatives’’. 
SEC. 503. ANNUAL MULTIYEAR BUDGET PRO-POSAL. 
Section 302(e)(2) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘triennially’’ and inserting ‘‘annu-ally’’. SEC. 504. AVAILABILITY OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS. 
Section 302 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) L
IMITATION ON FUNDING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date of first spent fuel receipt at a repository, no amount may be appropriated in any fiscal year for activities relating to the repository, includ-ing transportation of additional spent fuel to the repository and operation of the repository, unless the applicable amount required with re-spect to the repository under section 171(a)(1)(B) or section 171(a)(1)(C) is appropriated for that fiscal year. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the terms ‘spent fuel’ and ‘first spent fuel receipt’ have the meaning given such terms in section 171(a). ‘‘(g) O
FFSETTING FUNDING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Fees collected after the date of enactment of the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018 pursuant to subsection (a) shall be credited to the Waste Fund and available, to the extent provided in advance in appropriation Acts and consistent with the re-quirements of this section, to carry out activities authorized to be funded from the Waste Fund. ‘‘(2) O
FFSETTING COLLECTION .—Fees collected in a fiscal year pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be deposited and credited as offsetting collec-tions to the account providing appropriations for such activities and shall be classified as dis-cretionary appropriations as defined by section 250(c)(7) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)(7)). ‘‘(3) E
STIMATES .—For the purposes of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.) and the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) and for determining points of order pursu-ant to that Act or any concurrent resolution on the budget, an estimate provided under those Acts for a provision in a bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that provides discretionary appropria-tions, derived from amounts in the Waste Fund, for such activities shall include in that estimate the amount of such fees that will be collected during the fiscal year for which such appropria-tion is made available. Any such estimate shall not include any change in net direct spending as result in the appropriation of such fees.’’. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 601. CERTAIN STANDARDS AND CRITERIA. 
(a) G ENERALLY APPLICABLE STANDARDS AND  C
RITERIA .— (1) E
NVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
STANDARDS .— (A) D
ETERMINATION AND REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission has issued a final decision approving or disapproving the issuance of a construction au-thorization for a repository under section 114(d)(1) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10134(d)) (as so designated by this Act), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall— (i) determine if the generally applicable stand-ards promulgated under section 121(a) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10141(a)) should be updated; and (ii) submit to Congress a report on such deter-mination. (B) R
ULE.—If the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency determines, under subparagraph (A), that the generally applicable standards promulgated under section 121(a) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10141(a)) should be updated, the Administrator, not later than 2 years after submission of the re-port under subparagraph (A)(ii), shall, by rule, promulgate updated generally applicable stand-ards under such section. (2) C
OMMISSION REQUIREMENTS AND CRI -
TERIA .—Not later than 2 years after the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.021 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3906 May 10, 2018 
promulgates updated generally applicable standards pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), the Commission shall, by rule, promulgate updated technical requirements and criteria under sec-tion 121(b) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10141(b)) as necessary to be con-sistent with such updated generally applicable standards. (b) S
ITE-SPECIFIC STANDARDS AND CRITERIA .— Nothing in this section shall affect the stand-ards, technical requirements, and criteria pro-mulgated by the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency and the Nuclear Reg-ulatory Commission for the Yucca Mountain site under section 801 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 10141 note). 
SEC. 602. APPLICATION. 
Section 135 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10155) is amended by striking subsection (h) and redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (h). 
SEC. 603. TRANSPORTATION SAFETY ASSISTANCE. 
Section 180(c) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10175(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(c) The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(c) T
RAINING AND ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) T
RAINING .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘The Waste Fund’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, provide in- kind, financial, technical, and other appro-priate assistance, for safety activities related to the transportation of high-level radioactive waste or spent nuclear fuel, to any entity re-ceiving technical assistance or funds under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) S
OURCE OF FUNDING .—The Waste Fund’’. 
SEC. 604. OFFICE OF CIVILIAN RADIOACTIVE WASTE MANAGEMENT. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO THE NUCLEAR WASTE POL-
ICYACT OF 1982.—Subsection (b) of section 304 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10224(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) D
IRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) F
UNCTIONS .—The Director of the Office shall be responsible for carrying out the func-tions of the Secretary under this Act. The Direc-tor of the Office shall report directly to the Sec-retary. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Director of the Of-fice shall be appointed from among persons who have extensive expertise and experience in orga-nizational and project management. ‘‘(3) T
ENURE .—The Director of the Office may serve not more than two 5-year terms. ‘‘(4) S
ERVICE DURING INTERIM PERIOD .—Upon expiration of the Director’s term, the Director may continue to serve until the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which a new Director is con-firmed; or ‘‘(B) the date that is one year after the date of such expiration. ‘‘(5) R
EMOVAL .—The President may remove the Director only for inefficiency, neglect of duty, or malfeasance in office. If the President removes the Director, the President shall submit to Congress a statement explaining the reason for such removal.’’. (b) T
RANSFER OF FUNCTIONS .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Section 203(a) of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7133(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (8). (2) T
RANSFER OF FUNCTIONS .—The functions described in the paragraph (8) stricken by the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall be transferred to and performed by the Office of Ci-vilian Radioactive Waste Management, as pro-vided in section 304 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10224). (c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 2(17) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101(17)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 305’’ and inserting ‘‘section 304’’. 
SEC. 605. WEST LAKE LANDFILL. 
Not later than one year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall submit to Congress a report containing the final remedy to be implemented at the West Lake Landfill and the expected timeline for implementation of such final remedy. SEC. 606. SUBSEABED OR OCEAN WATER DIS-POSAL. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Section 5 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10104) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Nothing in this Act’’ and in-serting: ‘‘(a) E
FFECT ON MARINE PROTECTION , RE-
SEARCH , ANDSANCTUARIES ACT OF 1972.—Noth- ing in this Act’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) S
UBSEABED OR OCEAN WATER DIS-
POSAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law— ‘‘(1) the subseabed or ocean water disposal of spent nuclear fuel or high-level radioactive waste is prohibited; and ‘‘(2) no funds shall be obligated for any activ-ity relating to the subseabed or ocean water dis-posal of spent nuclear fuel or high-level radio-active waste.’’. (b) R
EPEAL .—Section 224 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, and the item relating thereto in the table of contents for such Act, are re-pealed. 
SEC. 607. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING STORAGE OF NUCLEAR WASTE NEAR THE GREAT LAKES. 
It is the Sense of Congress that the Govern-ments of the United States and Canada should not allow permanent or long-term storage of spent nuclear fuel or other radioactive waste near the Great Lakes. 
SEC. 608. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
(a) S TATUTORY PAYGO S CORECARDS .—The budgetary effects of this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. (b) S
ENATE PAYGO S CORECARDS .—The budg-etary effects of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress). 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–665. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–665. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title VI, add the following section: 
SEC. 609. REQUIREMENT FOR FINANCIAL STATE-MENTS SUMMARY. 
The Department of Energy shall include a financial statements summary in each audit report on the Department of Energy Nuclear Waste Fund’s fiscal year financial statement audit. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 879, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Congressman S
HIMKUS for his support of this amend-ment. I would also like to thank Con-gressman T
ONKO as well, and express my support for the underlying bill, which will, among many other things, prioritize decommissioned nuclear plants for removal of spent waste. The hard work to come to this stage has been important, and we are finally moving forward. In 2015, news broke that the nuclear plant in my district would be decom-missioned in 2019. Unfortunately, this plant has also been in the news quite a bit because of significant safety con-cerns. So the communities back home are intimately aware of the safety and security risks to local neighborhoods and plant employees, and local officials and stakeholders have worked hard to hold plant operators accountable to prepare for all the risks presented, and to demand a plan for what happens after the plant is decommissioned so that the families and the businesses in my district are not left high and dry. I offered a number of amendments to H.R. 3035, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. They included ef-forts to strengthen local stakeholder engagement, to support funding for communities where spent nuclear fuel is awaiting transfer, to ensure the safe storage of spent nuclear fuel at decom-missioned or soon-to-be decommis-sioned plants. And I offered these amendments because of the safety of the communities that are affected by nuclear plants and the nuclear storage sites, the importance of that being rec-ognized. And while some of these ideas weren’t included in the particular bill, the amendment I offer now is funda-mental to making sure that they will be ultimately addressed. Congress created the Nuclear Waste Fund to fund a solution to civilian nu-clear waste that would provide for safe disposal in a permanent repository. These funds came from funds paid by ratepayers and generated by tens of billions of dollars, $31 billion as of 2014, to support a solution for dealing with nuclear waste in a safe and secure man-ner. And in the issuance of what is hap-pening with this fund, the administra-tion ceased making an easy-to-read summary to be part of that. The Amer-ican people deserve to know just how this fund is being managed, and that any expenditure is actually necessary or justified and publicly reported and easily digested by local officials and the public as a whole. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.021 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3907 May 10, 2018 
For this, transparency really is key. We should be making it as easy as pos-sible for the public and the officials that oversee this fund, and my amend-ment does just that by requiring a clear, plain English summary to ac-company annual reporting on the Nu-clear Waste Fund’s financial status. The information about the fund should not be only accessible to those who can understand the technical in-formation contained in the full report. When communities like mine are work-ing as hard as they can possibly work under the circumstances to make sure that they keep families safe, we should be making every possible tool available to them to achieve this goal. Transparency around the fund cre-ated by ratepayers and intended to sup-port a permanent solution to the safety risks they face from nuclear waste is only one piece of that, but an impor-tant piece. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague from Massachu-setts (Mr. K
EATING ). I think this is a very needed amendment. I would say one of the most frus-trating things about this process, and my colleagues on the other side know, is that we passed this bill in June of last year. And then we had the funding, and the money, and the debate, and the trust fund, and appropriators and budg-eters. Anything we can do to clear out and get some clear guidance on the money, we may have to then move to another piece of legislation to really clarify. Our bill does that for new revenue com-ing in, so I think it is a great addition, and I appreciate him coming down. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Illinois (Mr. S
HIM-
KUS) for his leadership on this issue. For so long we have been trying to get a solution and to get proper use made out of Yucca Mountain and the billions of dollars that ratepayers all across the Nation have spent. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-port of the bipartisan amendment as well that is brought forward by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) to bring more light to show the ratepayers of the country what is exactly happening with this Nuclear Waste Fund. But the underlying bill is critical to our national energy strategy because, for decades, going back to the 1980s, this country, through Congress, estab-lished that there will be a national nu-clear waste storage facility, and yet it has gone unused. The money has gone unutilized, and there is no facility right now that is working. We have got to make this work for the ratepayers all across the country who pay billions of dollars into this fund. We need a national repository for spent nuclear fuel. This bill finally achieves that. I congratulate my friend, Mr. SHIM-
KUS, for spending years finally getting us to a point where we can move this bill across the House floor, and hope-fully the Senate moves this bill to the President’s desk so we can finally re-solve this long-lasting issue that rate-payers all across the Nation deserve to have an answer to. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I would like to end by saying I know there are some rumblings out there about what is this litigation fund being paid for and who is paying for it? The United States Government is being sued. We have to make these pay-ments because we are not abiding by the law. It is not the private industry. There are rumblings out there about: Oh, we are relieving the nuclear indus-try of reliability. That is absolutely false. We are going to protect U.S. tax-payers from the liability that we are paying because the Federal Govern-ment is not complying with the law. And I want to make that straight. That is accountability, that is trans-parency. That is what my colleague Mr. K
EATING is doing. And with that, I support his amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1030 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ), who has worked tirelessly on this issue as well and with a strong spirit of bipartisan cooperation on this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. I know that this takes the issue and the response of this bill and makes it even stronger. With that in mind, I thank my colleague and those with whom he worked on this amend-ment for their input, and for, again, an amendment that makes the response so much stronger. With that, I plan to support the amendment. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, once again, I want to thank everyone who has worked so hard: Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. T
ONKO , and all of the people who are fi-nally moving this ahead. It is a very important issue in terms of our energy. It is very important in terms of safety of our communities. We have finally got the ball rolling, so again, I thank them for their hard work. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SCHNEIDER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–665. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 609. STRANDED NUCLEAR WASTE. 
(a) S TRANDED NUCLEAR WASTE TASK F
ORCE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a task force, to be known as the Stranded Nuclear Waste Task Force— (A) to conduct a study on existing public and private resources and funding for which affected communities may be eligible; and (B) to develop immediate and long-term economic adjustment plans tailored to the needs of each affected community. (2) S
TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Stranded Nuclear Waste Task Force shall complete and submit to Congress the study described in paragraph (1). (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
FFECTED COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘af-fected community’’ means a municipality that contains stranded nuclear waste within the boundaries of the municipality, as deter-mined by the Secretary. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. (3) S
TRANDED NUCLEAR WASTE .—The term ‘‘stranded nuclear waste’’ means nuclear waste or spent nuclear fuel stored in dry casks or spent fuel pools at a decommis-sioned or decommissioning nuclear facility. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 879, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment which would help those communities saddled with housing our Nation’s stranded nuclear waste while the Fed-eral Government has failed to meet its legal obligation to find a permanent re-pository. This is something my constituents understand all too well. The former Zion Nuclear Power Station, located on valuable lakefront property in Zion, Il-linois, has housed more than 2 million pounds of spent nuclear fuel since the plant’s closure in 1998. This waste, situated on the very shores of Lake Michigan, is both an ex-treme environmental hazard and a se-vere burden to the quality of life of the residents of Zion—deterring economic investment, depressing home values, and driving up property taxes to fill the void of local revenue. Zion is not alone. Across the country, there are 17 nuclear power plants at various stages of decommissioning with even more announced closures slated for years ahead. In these com-munities, plants are typically the larg-est employer in the area; and when they close and waste is stored on site, it is devastating to the local commu-nities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.021 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3908 May 10, 2018 
My amendment seeks to help these communities access desperately needed Federal resources until waste is moved—waste that is, quite literally, stranded in these communities due to the Federal Government’s inaction. Specifically, my amendment would re-quire the Secretary of Energy to as-semble a task force to work across all Federal agencies to identify existing resources and funding opportunities that could assist communities with de-commissioning plants where waste is being stored. In addition, the task force would work with communities in the decom-missioning process to develop a transi-tion plan to mitigate the economic damage when a plant closes. Commu-nities like Zion, Illinois, have been forced to shoulder the burdens of stor-age with no compensation in return. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and help our communities get the Federal help they are owed. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), my friend. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank my fellow Great Lakes Member, Rep-resentative S
CHNEIDER , for yielding the time. I also want to thank the ranking member of the Appropriations Com-mittee, Congresswoman L
OWEY , for of-fering this amendment. I rise in support of this effort to help communities that are left with radio-active waste after the closure of a nu-clear power plant. The Great Lakes re-gion, I might point out, has no energy umbrella like the Bureau of Reclama-tion for the 17 Western States, or for portions of the South, the Tennessee Valley Authority, that can help com-munities readjust on a large scale for energy disruptions or changes. In my district of northern Ohio, the Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station is scheduled to be shuttered. We are not waving the white flag just yet, but this community and its people need the tools to cope with the aftermath, should the worst happen. When nuclear power plants close, the impact on local economies, due to the loss of jobs and tax revenue, will be se-vere. For years, the Davis-Besse Nu-clear Power Station has provided 700 good jobs and generated $20 million a year in tax revenue for a rural county, called Ottawa County, in which $12.1 million each year goes to its school district. That 900-megawatt power plant does more than produce power. It builds community. This major financial support could disappear and leave the community and that entire county struggling to support schools, law enforcement, and roads. Therefore, I strongly support this amendment to help these commu-nities adjust, as necessary, to access Federal resources and make a plan for economic revitalization. I thank Congressman S
CHNEIDER for offering this commonsense amend-ment, one that is so vitally necessary, especially across the Great Lakes re-gion, which is so often neglected. I also want to thank Chairman SHIMKUS and Ranking Member T
ONKO for their lead-ership and urge my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment, al-though I am not opposed to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate my colleague from Illinois— one of the Chicagolanders that I talk about—for bringing this amendment. I use his district—and I have used it for years—to talk about the challenges that we face if we do nothing. This authorization bill is designed to start doing something, and, actually, it is designed to help us comply with the law that is already written. Zion is the perfect example of the need to move spent nuclear fuel to an interim site and then a final geological repository, thus, freeing up, obviously, great lakefront opportunities on the Great Lakes for redevelopment that would help this community that suf-fered because of the closure. I am glad the gentleman is here. I ap-preciate the amendment. I am going back to what M
ARKSANFORD said: This is a national problem. We need a na-tional solution. That is what we are trying to do now in a bipartisan man-ner. Good job. I thank the gentleman for offering the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), my friend and a cosponsor of this amend-ment. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ) for working with me on this very important amendment. Indian Point Energy Center, in my district, is scheduled to cease oper-ations in 2021. When the plant closes, the village of Buchanan will be left with a large amount of stranded nu-clear waste on site. This amendment would help Buchanan and the town of Cortlandt access vital resources for economic re-development. Until the Department of Energy takes title to nuclear waste and removes it from our communities, the Federal Government must do all it can to support these de facto interim storage sites. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ) has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chair, I have the right to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ) has the right to close. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chair, I again thank my colleague. I don’t know if he was in the Chamber when I mentioned that Chicagoland has 55 million visi-tors and 10,000 metric tons of spent nu-clear fuel. We would like to solve that problem. The gentleman’s amendment helps the communities as we transi-tion. It is additive to the overall bill. I am happy to support it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Illinois for his hard work on this and his support. I yield 30 seconds to my colleague from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for yield-ing, and I stand in support of the amendment. I thank the gentleman from Illinois and the gentlewoman from New York for their hard work on the amendment and for the sensitivity shown the peo-ple in host communities for our nu-clear facilities across our country. Mr. Chairman, I support this amend-ment and encourage our colleagues to do likewise. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate all of the support. I appreciate the work of my colleagues. I urge all of my colleagues to support this amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . TITUS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–665. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1, strike line 1 and all that follows through the end of the Rules Committee Print, and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear Waste Informed Consent Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, the terms ‘‘affected Indian tribe’’, ‘‘affected unit of local government’’, ‘‘high-level radioactive waste’’, ‘‘reposi-tory’’, ‘‘Secretary’’, ‘‘spent nuclear fuel’’, ‘‘unit of general local government’’, and ‘‘Waste Fund’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Pol-icy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101). 
SEC. 3. CONSENT BASED APPROVAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may not make an expenditure from the Waste Fund for the costs of the activities described in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 302(d) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(d)) unless the Secretary has entered into an agreement to host a repository with— (1) the Governor of the State in which the repository is proposed to be located; (2) each affected unit of local government; (3) any unit of general local government contiguous to the affected unit of local gov-ernment if spent nuclear fuel or high-level radioactive waste will be transported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 May 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\H10MY8.REC H10MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3909 May 10, 2018 
through that unit of general local govern-ment for disposal at the repository; and (4) each affected Indian tribe. (b) C
ONDITIONS ON AGREEMENT .—Any agree-ment to host a repository under this Act— (1) shall be in writing and signed by all parties; (2) shall be binding on the parties; and (3) shall not be amended or revoked except by mutual agreement of the parties. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 879, the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Nevada. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, my amendment, which is also supported by my Nevada colleague (Mr. K
IHUEN ) is very simple and straightforward. It sets up consent-based site decision-making as an alternative to ‘‘Screwing Nevada 2.0,’’ which just continues the process that has lasted 36 years, has cost $15 billion, is going nowhere in the Senate, and has nothing to show for it but a big hole in the ground. Consent-based siting, on the other hand, is fair. Nevada doesn’t want your nuclear waste. We didn’t get any bene-fits from it, and we didn’t generate it. But Texas and New Mexico do want it, so why not let them have it? It is also a sound policy. It was the number one recommendation of the es-teemed Blue Ribbon Commission on America’s Nuclear Future. Now, you can argue the politics, you can distort the science, you can assert it is the law—as though a 1982 policy is the Ten Commandments—but you can’t have the truth. Now, my colleagues don’t want this dangerous waste in their backyards any more than Nevadans do. I get that. That is pretty easy to understand. But it is funny, they didn’t mind the jobs; they didn’t mind the tax revenue, the cheap power, and the political support they got from the nuclear power indus-try over the years that it has existed. Now, they just want somebody else to clean up their mess. Well, I say, instead of screwing Ne-vada one more time, why don’t we real-ly work together so we can finally and effectively solve the problem? We could do this with consent-based siting for both interim and permanent storage fa-cilities. This would be a real solution that could take us into the future. So I would urge my colleagues to support the Titus amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, first of all, the State of Nevada has benefited from the nuclear age. It helped us win World War II. Also, Nevada pays for our inability to comply with the law because, nationally, we pay out of the Judgment Fund. So the taxpayers of the State of Nevada are paying, through Federal tax liabilities, for us not complying with the law. So I just want to make that straight. There are two main problems with my colleague’s amendment. One is— and it is just the language—it is a striking bill, which says that, all of this debate of interim storage that we are having, her amendment strikes that. All of the discussion about how we are trying to protect the rate-payers—especially in the future—her amendment strikes that. Her amendment strikes the final reg-ulatory review of the Yucca Mountain site. The NRC, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, said in their safety eval-uation report that Yucca Mountain would be safe for 1 million years. b1045 Current law allows the State of Ne-vada to challenge that, but my col-league’s amendment strikes that. And what we have done in this legislation is we have said: We understand the con-cerns of the State of Nevada. Current law says: Because you vetoed it, you get no benefits. In this bill, we said: That is not fair. We are going to allow the State of Ne-vada to receive the benefits that they request in moving forward. Your amendment strikes that, so your amendment strikes the opportunity for the State of Nevada to get any benefits once we move forward. The other part of the problem with this amendment is the terminology is very vague as to local government en-tities. And we think that is probably intentional. It is intentional so that you can never get a number of local en-tities to ever decide. We kind of looked at, based upon the way the language is written, who would be considered. Well, a local entity, a community in the State of Utah, Minersville, population 887, 300 miles from the site, could be able to veto this national solution to a national problem. Now, that means—and I can’t wait to visit Minersville someday—that they are going to have more power than the Federal Government and this Chamber. They are going to have the veto au-thority over the State of New Jersey or the State of Illinois or the State of—I don’t know how many States came here to debate on this bill. Quite a few. So a couple problems: the first prob-lem is, it is a strike amendment, which means everything that you have done, all those adjustments that I have worked in a bipartisan manner, throw them out; and that you cannot get to understand the universe of local com-munities that would have a veto over this national solution to a national problem. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I would just respond to two things. I thank the gentleman for recognizing what Nevada did to help win the Cold War. We were the site of atomic testing for years. We still bear those scars. But this is not about mili-tary waste; this is about commercial waste. Second, while I appreciate the chair-man’s concern about Nevada and giving us benefits, the health and safety of Nevadans is not for sale to the nuclear power industry. Mr. Chair, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), my colleague and the ranking member of the House Transportation and Infra-structure Committee. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I think we can agree on one thing. The status quo is not acceptable. Dis-persed around the country in wet pools, in insecure casks—right. We need to deal with that. This is not the perfect solution, and it is destined to fail in the Senate. Why do we commission blue ribbon commissions of experts—are we the ex-perts?—and then ignore their advice? They made four major points: the solu-tion must be adaptive, it must be staged, it must be consent-based, and it must be transparent. This bill assumes we are going into Yucca Mountain, which has been prov-en to be geologically unstable and un-suitable. Therefore, this amendment should be adopted. The bill should fail. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I am glad my friend from Oregon mentioned the blue ribbon commission. The blue ribbon commission was told: Do not consider Yucca Mountain. So come on. Really? Pull out the blue ribbon com-mission and say ‘‘this is the truth’’ when they were told: Consider every-thing else, but you can’t consider the law of the land. Preposterous. To my colleague, Chairman W
AL-
DEN—actually in Oregon—this is Han-ford. These are the tanks next to the Columbia River, which goes next to Or-egon. And you are saying it has no de-fense-related provisions for this bill? Come on now. Let’s move forward. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. Members are ad-vised to direct their remarks to the Chair, not to each other. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, that is in Washington. It is not in Oregon. If you don’t even know where Hanford is, I am not sure you really understand what took place there. I would just say: The law of the land, that is a great argument. You forgot about that argument when you tried to repeal ObamaCare 60 times and have done everything you can to roll back Dodd-Frank. So law of the land is a pretty weak, specious argument. This is not just about the safety of Nevada. This is about doing what is right, finding a policy that will work, that is based on consent, that the ex-perts say is the way to go, that has a chance to get out of the Senate and really move us forward so we do quit wasting time, so we do quit wasting money, and we find a real solution to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.020 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3910 May 10, 2018 
an issue that does affect the entire Na-tion. That is why it should be consent based. That is why I think we should support this amendment and oppose the underlying bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I would say again, please keep in mind that this has an opportunity to pass. It will real-ly solve the problem. It will not turn the clock back to an old way that has failed, that is faulty science, bad poli-tics, and even worse policy. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I demand a re-corded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 80, noes 332, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 178] AYES—80 
Amodei Bass Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Capuano Carson (IN) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Cleaver Correa Davis, Danny DeFazio DeSaulnier Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Huffman Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Lee Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. McCollum McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano O’Halleran O’Rourke Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pocan Polis Raskin Rosen Roybal-Allard Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Schakowsky Schiff Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Thompson (CA) Titus Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
NOES—332 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Clark (MA) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—16 
Black Budd Crowley DeLauro Deutch Gottheimer Granger Jenkins (WV) Jones Kuster (NH) Labrador Marchant Pittenger Rogers (KY) Rush Speier b1115 Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH, Ms. HER-RERA BEUTLER, Messrs. BIGGS, BISHOP of Michigan, SWALWELL of California, NEAL, and Ms. FUDGE changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. KHANNA, and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. F
RANCIS ROO-
NEYof Florida). The question is on the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3053) to amend the Nuclear Waste Pol-icy Act of 1982, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 879, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 340, noes 72, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 179] AYES—340 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.029 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3911 May 10, 2018 
Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—72 
Amash Amodei Bass Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Castro (TX) Cicilline Clarke (NY) Correa Crist Davis, Danny DeFazio DeSaulnier Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Green, Al Gutie´rrez Hastings Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Khanna Kihuen Lee Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lofgren Love Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie McGovern Meeks Meng Nadler Napolitano O’Rourke Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rosen Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Schakowsky Serrano Shea-Porter Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Vargas Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Black Budd Crowley DeLauro Deutch Gottheimer Granger Grijalva Jenkins (WV) Jones Kuster (NH) Labrador Marchant Pittenger Rogers (KY) Speier 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1124 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall Vote No. 179 on H.R. 3053, I mistakenly re-corded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Stated against: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, on May 10, on final passage of H.R. 3053, The Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, I inadvertently cast my vote contrary to my own intentions. I intended to vote ‘‘no’’ on that bill. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent in the House Chamber for rollcall vote 178. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Additionally, on rollcall No. 179, I was inadvertently recorded as voting ‘‘nay.’’ I sup-port H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, and my vote should be recorded as ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the question on agree-ing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 207, nays 179, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 40, as follows: [Roll No. 180] YEAS—207 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Clyburn Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Ellison Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Evans Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (NY) Kustoff (TN) Lamb Lamborn Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Roby Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Rush Russell Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Takano Thornberry Titus Trott Tsongas Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NAYS—179 
Adams Aguilar Amash Amodei Babin Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capuano 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.014 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3912 May 10, 2018 
Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Conaway Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crist Cuellar DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Emmer Espaillat Esty (CT) Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood Lance Langevin Latta Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marshall Mast McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Soto Stivers Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Rice (SC) Tonko 
NOT VOTING—40 
Black Budd Cheney Cohen Connolly Courtney Crowley DeLauro Deutch Duncan (TN) Dunn Gibbs Gottheimer Granger Griffith Harris Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Jenkins (WV) Jones Keating King (IA) Kuster (NH) Labrador LaMalfa Larson (CT) Marchant Massie McGovern O’Rourke Pascrell Pittenger Quigley Reichert Rice (NY) Rogers (KY) Smith (MO) Speier Suozzi Taylor 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1131 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on May 10, 2018, I was absent for recorded votes 178, 179, and 180. Had I been present, on rollcall 178 I would have voted ‘‘yes’’, on rollcall 179 I would have voted ‘‘no’’; and on rollcall 180 I would have voted ‘‘no’’. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, due to a per-sonal conflict, I unfortunately missed votes today. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 178 ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 179 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 180. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Gabrielle Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1468 Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor from H.R. 1468. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.RES. 774 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor from H. Res. 774. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 60 Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to remove myself as a co-sponsor from H.R. 60. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
f 
SUPPORTING ROBUST RELATIONS WITH THE STATE OF ISRAEL BI-LATERALLY AND IN MULTILAT-ERAL FORA UPON SEVENTY YEARS OF STATEHOOD Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 835) supporting robust relations with the State of Israel bilaterally and in multilateral fora upon seventy years of statehood, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 835 Whereas May 14, 2018, marks the 70th anni-versary of the establishment of the State of Israel; Whereas May 11, 2018, marks the 69th anni-versary of Israel’s membership in the United Nations; Whereas on May 14, 1948, the United States officially recognized Israel as a state; Whereas Israel offers invaluable contribu-tions to the international community, in-cluding to the fields of start-up economies, entrepreneurship, cyber security, military weaponry, counter-terrorism, intelligence gathering, airport security, agriculture, water management, arid-zone farming, med-ical advances, natural gas, and other tech-nologies; Whereas in 2000, with the support of the United States Government, Israel was ac-cepted into the Western European and Oth-ers Group (WEOG) at the United Nations headquarters in New York, and its member-ship became permanent in 2004; Whereas in 2013 Israel also became a mem-ber of WEOG at the United Nations bodies in Geneva; Whereas WEOG membership made possible the election for 2016–17 of Israel’s Ambas-sador as the chair of the Sixth (Legal) Com-mittee of the General Assembly, and in 2017, Israel’s election to the Executive Board of the United Nations Entity for Gender Equal-ity and the Empowerment of Women (UN Women); Whereas in May 2017, Israel was elected as one of the Vice-Presidents of the United Na-tions General Assembly; Whereas robust bilateral ties with Israel maximizes security, economic, and cultural benefits in the region, increases regional sta-bility and builds confidence with respect to peace negotiations; Whereas Israel maintains diplomatic rela-tions with 158 nations and retains 79 resident embassies, 22 consulates general, and 6 spe-cial missions globally; Whereas Israel maintains free trade agree-ments with the United States, members of the European Union, members of the Euro-pean Free Trade Association, Canada, Tur-key, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Slo-vakia, Poland, Hungary, Mexico, Romania, Bulgaria, and Jordan; Whereas in 1989, the United States Govern-ment designated Israel as a major non-NATO ally; Whereas in 2014, the United States Govern-ment designated Israel as a ‘‘major strategic partner’’; Whereas the United States and Israel have signed three 10-year memoranda of under-standing, in which the United States com-mitted to provide $26,700,000,000 between fis-cal year 1999 and fiscal year 2008, $30,000,000,000 between fiscal year 2009 and fiscal year 2018, and $38,000,000,000 between fiscal year 2019 and fiscal year 2028; Whereas Congress has appropriated amounts in accordance with such memo-randa of understanding, reflecting the two countries’ shared priorities in the region and the strength of United States support for maintaining Israel’s qualitative military edge; and Whereas Israel’s involvement as an active member of the community of nations bene-fits both Israel and the United States, and allies who share common values and promote democratic stability throughout the world: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) celebrates the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the State of Israel; (2) encourages equitable treatment of Israel in international fora; (3) urges United Nations member states to support Israel’s candidacy for the United Na-tions Security Council; (4) encourages the diplomatic recognition of the state of Israel and robust engagement with Israel from all United States allies and from governments across the globe; and (5) reiterates its support for a negotiated settlement leading to a sustainable two- state solution with the democratic, Jewish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.017 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3913 May 10, 2018 
state of Israel and a demilitarized, demo-cratic Palestinian state living side-by-side in peace and security. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Mr. ROYCE of California. I have an amendment to the text at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and in-sert the following: That the House of Representatives— (1) encourages equitable treatment of Israel in international fora; (2) urges United Nations member states to support Israel’s future candidacy for the United Nations Security Council; (3) encourages the diplomatic recognition of the state of Israel and robust engagement with Israel from all United States allies and from governments across the globe; and (4) reiterates its support for a negotiated settlement leading to a sustainable two- state solution with the democratic, Jewish state of Israel and a demilitarized, demo-cratic Palestinian state living side-by-side in peace and security. 
Mr. ROYCE of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT TO THE PREAMBLE OFFERED BY  
MR. ROYCE OF CALIFORNIA  
Mr. ROYCE of California. I have an amendment to the preamble at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike the preamble and insert the fol-lowing: Whereas May 14, 2018, marks the 70th anni-versary of the establishment of the State of Israel; Whereas May 11, 2018, marks the 69th anni-versary of Israel’s membership in the United Nations; Whereas on May 14, 1948, the United States officially recognized Israel as a state; Whereas Israel offers invaluable contribu-tions to the international community, in-cluding to the fields of start-up economies, entrepreneurship, cyber security, military weaponry, counter-terrorism, intelligence gathering, airport security, agriculture, water management, arid-zone farming, med-ical advances, natural gas, and other tech-nologies; Whereas in 2000, with the support of the United States Government, Israel was ac-cepted into the Western European and Oth-ers Group (WEOG) at the United Nations headquarters in New York, and its member-ship became permanent in 2004; Whereas in 2013 Israel also became a mem-ber of WEOG at the United Nations bodies in Geneva; Whereas WEOG membership made possible the election for 2016–17 of Israel’s Ambas-sador as the chair of the Sixth (Legal) Com-mittee of the General Assembly, and in 2017, Israel’s election to the Executive Board of the United Nations Entity for Gender Equal-ity and the Empowerment of Women (UN Women); Whereas in May 2017, Israel was elected as one of the Vice-Presidents of the United Na-tions General Assembly; Whereas robust bilateral ties with Israel maximizes security, economic, and cultural benefits in the region, increases regional sta-bility and builds confidence with respect to peace negotiations; Whereas Israel maintains diplomatic rela-tions with 158 nations and retains 79 resident embassies, 22 consulates general, and 6 spe-cial missions globally; Whereas Israel maintains free trade agree-ments with the United States, members of the European Union, members of the Euro-pean Free Trade Association, Canada, Tur-key, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Slo-vakia, Poland, Hungary, Mexico, Romania, Bulgaria, and Jordan; Whereas Israel has been designated by the United States Government as a major non- NATO ally; Whereas in 2014, the United States Govern-ment designated Israel as a ‘‘major strategic partner’’; Whereas the United States and Israel have signed three 10-year memoranda of under-standing, in which the United States com-mitted to provide $26,700,000,000 between fis-cal year 1999 and fiscal year 2008, $30,000,000,000 between fiscal year 2009 and fiscal year 2018, and $38,000,000,000 between fiscal year 2019 and fiscal year 2028; Whereas Congress has appropriated amounts in accordance with such memo-randa of understanding, reflecting the two countries’ shared priorities in the region and the strength of United States support for maintaining Israel’s qualitative military edge; and Whereas Israel’s involvement as an active member of the community of nations bene-fits both Israel and the United States, and allies who share common values and promote democratic stability throughout the world: Now, therefore, be it Mr. ROYCE of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment to the preamble was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REAPPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO COMMISSION ON INTER-NATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The Chair announces the Speaker’s reappointment, pursuant to section 201(b) of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431) and the order of the House of Jan-uary 3, 2017, of the following individual on the part of the House to the Com-mission on International Religious Freedom for a term effective May 14, 2018, and ending May 14, 2020: Dr. Tenzin Dorjee, Fullerton, Cali-fornia 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come. (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Wednes-day and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legisla-tive business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business tomorrow. Next week is National Police Week, so several bills will focus on supporting the work done each day by our men and women in law enforcement. That includes H.R. 5698, the Protect and Serve Act, sponsored by Representative J
OHN RUTHERFORD . This bill would make inflicting or attempting to in-flict serious bodily harm on any police officer a crime punishable by up to 10 years in prison. The House will also consider H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act, sponsored by Representative Mike Con-away. Ronald Reagan said, ‘‘American farmers are the backbone of our coun-try,’’ and both myself and the data would agree. Food and ag industries drive more than 43 million jobs, over a quarter of all American jobs, and U.S. farm ex-ports generate more than $300 billion in economic activity. This important bill will reauthorize farm and nutrition assistance pro-grams for 5 years, while making re-forms to modernize key programs and better support rural America. Since my friend often asks about items beyond the week to come, I would like to make this a bonus col-loquy for him, and preview several items that are possible during this work period. This includes H.R. 5674, the VA MIS-SION Act of 2018, sponsored by Rep-resentative Phil Roe. This bill would fundamentally transform the VA and the way American veterans receive care for the better. I want to applaud Chairman R
OEfor his hard work on this legislation, which recently passed his committee on a bipartisan vote of 20–2. Next, H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. At $15.4 billion, the bill represents the largest single rescissions request in history. More importantly, this bill allows Congress to give our Federal budget a much needed spring cleaning to the benefit of hardworking taxpayers. Third, H.R. 5515, the National De-fense Authorization Act, sponsored by Representative M
ACTHORNBERRY . This bill supports the historic investments we have made to rebuild America’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.016 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3914 May 10, 2018 
military and ensures our brave men and women have the resources they need to keep us safe. Finally, the House may take further action on Dodd-Frank reform, includ-ing potential action on the community bank regulatory relief bill passed by the U.S. Senate. I look forward to both Chambers tak-ing additional policy actions in this space in the coming weeks as we con-tinue to improve access to capital for American families and businesses. As soon as our schedule is finalized, I will be sure to inform all Members. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the information and for the bonus of a little longer-term view of what we might be considering on the floor of the House. One of the things I didn’t hear on that, and perhaps I asked the majority leader about this before, is whether the majority is expecting to offer on the floor or consider a budget resolution this year. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman has asked before and as we have worked time and time again, the committee is working on a budget, and as they get through, we will bring it to the floor. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, although it was not on this list, I wonder if we might expect a budget resolution to be offered at some point in time in the fu-ture. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Even though I gave him a bonus col-loquy beyond the week in front of us, that does not mean if I don’t mention something, that that item would not come forward. So as the Budget Com-mittee works, I will keep the gen-tleman apprised of where they are and when the timing is for us to bring it to the floor. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Of course, April 15 is the day set forth. Many times we did not meet April 15. Clearly, last year we didn’t meet April 15 by many, many months, but I appreciate the gentle-man’s answers. Let me say that I will be joining Sun-day night at the National Law Enforce-ment Memorial here in Washington, D.C., the ceremony to honor those who have given their life in service to our country as law enforcement officers. We ought to pause not just next week, but every week, to recognize the ex-traordinary service given to us by what I call our domestic defenders, both our police and firefighter personnel, and emergency medical response teams. It is appropriate that we say thank you. They obviously have a very, very tough job. They get a lot of flack from time to time, but without them, we could not maintain the system of order that we have in this country that al-lows democracy to proceed. So I want all of us to join, not just next week, but next week particularly, to recog-nize. We will have, of course, a cere-mony on the west front of the Capitol. We just had a ceremony the other day, which the Capitol Police con-ducted, remembering the loss of life that we experienced here in this Cap-itol to Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson in defending the Capitol and those who reside therein and who visit this Capitol. Mr. Speaker, on the farm bill and on rescissions, the farm bill, as I under-stand it, again, I think pursuant to what the Speaker said after we passed the tax bill in which we gave 83 percent of $1.5 trillion to the wealthiest in America, the farm bill is now trying to fill that $1.8 trillion hole that was con-structed by the tax bill by reducing benefits to those most in need in this country. I would not so much ask a question of the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, but simply to observe that I would hope we would not try to fill that very, very deep hole that we have dug by passing that tax bill by taking it from those who are most in need. b1145 I notice that, as well as the farm bill, the rescission bill was referred to by the leader as coming to the floor as well, and that seeks to cut a very sub-stantial amount from the contingency fund for child health insurance. The majority leader will make the point, well, that is money that is not necessarily expected to be spent. In fact, he wrote to CBO asking them a question. The CBO said they didn’t think any children would be dropped off because if the contingency is not re-alized, no children will be dropped off. If, however, the contingency is, and there are no contingency funds avail-able to do that, then, in fact, children will be at risk, unless we pass addi-tional legislation. I think it is unfortunate the majority is pursuing a policy now, both on the farm bill and on the rescission bill, that seeks to undermine the safety and security of those who are nutritionally underserved in this country. It is amazing, in the richest country on the face of the Earth, we have peo-ple—one out of five children is going, Mr. Speaker, to bed at night hungry. We ought to be moving in the other di-rection. This bill has, historically, been a very bipartisan bill. Mr. L
UCAS and Mr. P
ETERS on, in the last reauthorization, brought a bipartisan bill to the floor. Very frankly, it was turned into a par-tisan bill on the floor, Mr. Speaker, when an amendment was offered and voted on by much of the leadership on the majority side, which would have cut $40 billion from food stamps for those who are hungry Americans among us. This is less than that, but I under-stand that the Heritage Action, Club for Growth, and Americans for Pros-perity are opposed to the bill because it is not a deep enough cut, either in farm programs or in nutritional programs. I would say, Mr. Speaker, that we hope that these will not be policies that we will pursue as a House of Rep-resentatives, or as a Congress, and, very frankly, we think the farm bill has little chance of passing the Senate. I would say zero, but that perhaps is a little bit too strong, but certainly lit-tle—so that we will be spinning our wheels to send an ideological message to constituencies, I suppose, that want to undercut the ability to ensure that people have food that are hungry in our country. As to the rescission bill that the ma-jority leader mentioned, Mr. Speaker, rescissions are pretty common. Rescis-sions are common and mostly done by the Congress of the United States, and we do it annually. In almost every ap-propriation bill that we pass, or omni-bus that we pass, not so much CRs, but they have been present in CRs as well, that we have rescissions. The Congress has also gotten, as the majority leader will point out, rescis-sion requests from the executive de-partment. Largely, those have been not agreed to by the Congress. Only in one instance has one President had even a majority of his requests acceded to, and that was President Clinton. But the fact of the matter is, for the most part, rescissions have been pur-sued by the Congress of the United States, appropriately so, doing its job. And, of course, President Bush asked for no rescissions. President Reagan asked for a lot of rescissions, but Presi-dent Bush asked for no rescissions—I refer to the second President Bush— nor did President Obama, notwith-standing when the Republicans were largely in charge of the Congress of the United States. And we exercised our judgment and did, in fact, do rescis-sions in the appropriations process. Now, we have not had a budget. It is the middle of May. It is a month after the budget was to come forward. Our side does not see a budget moving, but perhaps the majority leader is correct, the committee is considering that, and that would be another place where the Congress could take initiatives and a decision to rescind various amounts of spending. Last week, Mr. Speaker, I said if there was spending that was neither necessary nor had been authorized over long periods of time, then I would have no objection, personally, to that rescis-sion, and would think that we could initiate that action. But I would hope that, in both of these instances, we would not take actions which would adversely affect those who are chal-lenged in America, either because of health reasons or nutritional reasons. I would secondly say, and lastly—the majority leader, I am sure, wants to make some comments—60 percent of the budget that we passed, which our Republican friends apparently think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.039 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3915 May 10, 2018 
was too much, was defense. Not a sin-gle red cent is included in the Presi-dent’s rescission from the defense side of the budget, only the nondefense dis-cretionary funding, the people part of the budget. Now, I am a strong supporter of na-tional security, Mr. Speaker, and I have been for the 37 years that I have been in this House. But I do not delude myself that every bit of money that has been appropriated—trillions of dol-lars over the last 4, 5, or 6 years—has either been spent or is not subject to, perhaps, the Congress saying, well, we put that money on the table but it hasn’t been spent. But apparently the President can’t find a single red cent for that, but he can find places where we can under-mine research for innovation, Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program. I understand the leader is going to say that CBO says not a single child will be dropped. That may be true; but if we drop the contingency fund, which has been available and has been used year after year, either directly for health insurance or for related pro-grams for children, then we will be at risk of hurting people whom I don’t think anybody in this body wants to hurt. So I would hope that, before those bills are brought to the floor, we would keep those matters in consider-ation. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those many questions. I have got good news for the gen-tleman. If his concern is the contin-gency fund for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, no need to fear. In the life of the entire program, the most that has ever been used, accumulated completely, is $300 million; that is why we set aside $500 million. Go beyond the long history of it. CBO tells us they don’t expect any of it to be used, but we want an insurance, just as we wanted this program to survive; that is why it got extended more than 10 years. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have to remind my friend he voted against that. But we care about the Children’s Health In-surance Program; we care about the taxpayers. The good news is, in this rescission program, none of that money can be spent. And if you are concerned about it and worried about maybe you would make that vote, Mr. Speaker, the lead-er of the other side, she voted to take that same amount from CHIP in the omnibus to spend somewhere else, be-cause you can’t use the money, and we have already extended it 10 years, and no child is going to be harmed by this. CBO says it, all the way through, and we keep the contingency fund there. But you won’t rescind the money that you now have the authority to even spend on the program to give back to the taxpayers? That is what is inter-esting to me because I listened to you closely, and we have had this discus-sion before about rescissions. It was just in our last colloquy. I remember when we talked about re-scissions because that used to be com-mon practice. President Bill Clinton did it 111 times. President Ronald Reagan did it 214 times. And both Presidents, Mr. Speaker, had Con-gresses that were from other parties some time during their administration. So when you and I talked about it, because you had voted for rescissions before, I wanted to make sure I got your input before ever talking to the administration because I would like to have your help on this. I think the American taxpayers would like to have everybody’s help on this. So I asked you in that colloquy, I was hoping that you would support this bill from our last one because you said, in our last colloquy: ‘‘I wouldn’t irration-ally oppose a rescission which said we’ve had money laying in an account that has not been spent for 1, 2, or 3 years. We shouldn’t just have it sitting in that account.’’ Because in our colloquy, Mr. Speak-er, the concern on the other side from my friend was we were going to break a trust; that we were going to take money from that omnibus that he felt a lot of people negotiated in, but, un-fortunately, that trust he couldn’t vote for. You even interrupted me to say you believe that rescinding those funds was a reasonable thing to do. I agree that it is a reasonable thing to do. So this administration, I think, may have listened to our colloquy, Mr. Speaker, because if you look at this re-scission package, the largest one ever done, common practice from President Ford up until Bill Clinton, you asked for funding that has sat for the last 1, 2, or 3 years. But even in this one, we identified programs that have sat there for 7 years. There has not been a loan in a pro-gram since 2011, and there is more than $4 billion sitting there. Taking you at your word, you would jump at this. I should have asked you to cosponsor it. Now, I hope all Members will put the politics aside and be able to support this because this is really what the taxpayer is looking for. This is really what this House has a history of doing. I know you have brought up a few other issues in there, and I know, when you talk about the Children’s Health Insurance Program, the CBO has said that ‘‘rescinding the unobligated bal-ances would . . . not affect outlays, or the number of individuals with insur-ance coverage.’’ There are so many times I hear CBO quoted here, so I hope we would quote it here as well. In other words, this will have no effect on the CHIP program. Mr. Speaker, as I noted earlier, in the omnibus, those who voted for it, and the leader on the other side did, it did the exact same thing with a higher number. So it was unobligated then and okay to do it. I am just not sure why it wouldn’t be now if you send it back to the taxpayers. Now, I do want to, also, Mr. Speaker, know because we have worked on this CHIP program for quite some time. Now, the Republicans passed the long-est and most generous CHIP extension in the program’s history. Now, for the record, my friend did vote against it, not once, not twice, but three times in this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to quote an AP article from Andy Taylor, because you just can’t make this stuff up. ‘‘Just weeks ago, Democrats sup-ported almost $7 billion in cuts to the Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP, eager to grab easy budget sav-ings to finance new spending at the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices. But some Democrats howled over the Trump proposal anyway.’’ Let me get this straight. Is it okay to rescind the CHIP program, Mr. Speaker, when NANCY PELOSI wants to spend more? But when President Trump wants to save the taxpayers money, with no effect on the CHIP pro-gram at all, is that what Armageddon is? Now, I don’t want to play politics, and I know you have mentioned a lot, and you did mention the tax bill, and you did mention April. There was more good news in America. It wasn’t just that unemployment is at 3.9 percent. You know the last time—the whole time I have been elected in Con-gress—— Mr. HOYER. 2000, as I recall, when Mr. Clinton was President. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Yes, 18 years ago. Do you know that the claims for unem-ployment are at the lowest point it has been in more than four decades? That is more than 40 years. Do you know, just in the last year, 2 million more people have jobs? Did you realize the millions of people who actu-ally got bonuses; or just in one com-pany, 1.2 million Americans have a longer maternity leave? b1200 And did you see the revenue into America’s Government last month? It was the largest surplus in the history. The most revenue coming in. So all of those colloquies we had of the fear of this tax bill, the one that al-lowed Americans to keep more of what they earned, the one that we promised would create more jobs, the one that would bring more prosperity, facts don’t lie. America is in a very good place, and I am thankful that we had that debate. Now, I know, Mr. Speaker, the others on the other side, there wasn’t one of them who could agree with us. But I think today they can agree with the numbers of what it says and what it means; that we know for any American who has a child that is 18 years old and ready to go away to college, they don’t have the fear that they are going to have to come back and live with their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.041 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3916 May 10, 2018 
parents. They are going to enter one of the strongest economies to find a job, of course, in their lifetime, but maybe almost in one of the best times we have seen in ours. So, yes, I am excited about this. I am also excited about the idea of bringing a tradition back that saves the tax-payers money, one that, Mr. Speaker, my friend has voted for before, one that protects the CHIP program by set-ting aside, on a contingency basis, more than what has ever been asked for in the history of it, $500 million when only $300 million it has, and even though they say not one dollar would be spared. So we have the reserve there for it. I am excited that the administration listened to our colloquy, took my friend’s wisdom and advice that he would look at any accounts that sat there 1, 2, and even 7 years that was unobligated, to be able to save the tax-payer money. And I look forward to when that is on the floor so that we can vote on it together and show the American public that we are serious about saving taxpayers money. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. He mentioned a number of facts. Economically, I think all of us can be happy that unemployment is down. The gentleman then mentioned that there are less unemployment requests being made. Is the gentleman aware that, in 2016, we created 400,000 more jobs than we created in 2017? Is the gentleman aware of that fact? That is a fact. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman re-alize that there are 2 million more peo-ple in the workforce in less than a year? Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman un-derstand that more than 5 million peo-ple got a bonus that, Mr. Speaker, some people on the other side thought was crumbs? Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman un-derstand that the 3.9 percent unem-ployment rate, many Americans have not seen that in almost two decades? Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman un-derstand that we just watched last night our President at Andrews Air Force Base bring back three Americans that were held in prison in North Korea, and for the first time since that conflict has gone on there is an oppor-tunity to end that war? So, yes, I think some of our best days are right now; but with the potential of what we have not only with our tax bill, but, if we get our farm bill moving where we help individuals to get into that workforce, because that unem-ployment is so low, I do believe the best days are in front of us. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I presume the answer is the gentleman did not know that there were 400,000 more jobs created in 2016 than were created in 2017. I didn’t get the answer to that question, Mr. Speaker. Let me ask, however, if the gen-tleman is convinced that there is not a single nickel that can be rescinded from the Defense Department budgets over the last 10 years, trillions of dol-lars of money, and that only the non-defense side of the budget is subject to rescissions, Mr. Speaker, is the gen-tleman of the opinion that there are no sums available from the defense budget to try to fill the $1.8 trillion hole cre-ated by the tax bill? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I remember what the gentleman said. The gentleman is very concerned about the trust that we would have because of the months that went into the omnibus, that we would break this trust, even though those who negotiated, still some did not vote for it. But in that omnibus, because de-fense had been cut more than 20 per-cent, because when I wake up this morning and I see rockets flying from Syria into Israel, when we watch the world become unsafe, it is not 20 per-cent safer. We made an investment into military. The gentleman does not want any cuts to go into that process, but my question to the gentleman, Mr. Speak-er, is there any cut in the rescission the gentleman supports, because I took him at his word. I said to the administration: I just had a great conversation in a colloquy that the gentleman on the other side said of course he would look at any-thing that was 1, 2, 3, or further years that was unobligated. That is the only thing that is in the rescission. The easiest way not to save taxpayers money is to find something that is not in the bill that you just really need. The gentleman laid out in a colloquy what he wanted in a rescission. It did not deal with the omnibus because the gentleman is worried about the trust. The gentleman said he would look at anything from 1, 2, 3, or further. That is the only thing in here. Mr. Speaker, I ask my friend: Is there anything in the rescission bill that he could support by giving the taxpayers more money back? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, of course the answer to that question is yes. Mr. Speaker, as I have explained to the majority leader, the Congress has rescinded billions of dollars through the years, and I have voted for rescis-sions that have been sent down by Presidents of the United States, and there may well be rescissions that are sent down that I could support. I do not intend to support rescis-sions, Mr. Speaker, that I view as un-dermining children’s health. I know what the majority leader says: nobody is going to be hurt. Now, interestingly enough, in that answer, he does not answer my ques-tion except we all want a strong de-fense. Nobody on this floor has longer supported Israel’s right to be safe and defended than I have. The issue is I asked the majority leader this does not include a single red cent of rescissions from the trillions of dollars to the Defense Department, not because I want to undermine the De-fense Department any more than he says he wants to undermine children’s health, but this is not about rescis-sions, per se. What it is about is the flack that the majority party is get-ting, that the President is getting from the Club for Growth, from Heritage Ac-tion, from Americans for Prosperity, saying: Your budget was too big. The omnibus was too big. We don’t like it. Show some fiscal discipline. So in an effort to show fiscal dis-cipline, who do they go after? The Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program. He can say it all he wants, but he well knows, and the appropriators will tell him, Mr. Speaker, that that money has been used on an ongoing basis by the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Sub-committee and by the Appropriations Committee to backfill in places where there were clearly shortages on serv-ices to children and families. The gentleman may want to say whether or not he believes—because outlays are not affected, he says—that, in fact, this rescission will lower the nondefense discretionary baseline in 2019. That is what I think the real pur-pose is, Mr. Speaker, and that is why the majority leader has not answered the question about whether there is a single cent to save the taxpayer money—we all want to save the tax-payer money—out of the Defense De-partment side of the budget or whether that is simply sacrosanct and not wor-thy of oversight by the Congress or by the President. That was my question. It was not an-swered, and I regret that. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, will the gentleman yield? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I certainly will yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman has any idea, because I know he has served on the Appropria-tions Committee, please offer up, like any Member can, what he would cut or what he wants to find as savings. I will look in any department anywhere to find a savings. Now, Mr. Speaker, can the gentleman show me where in the CHIP program— because, one, you cannot use these funds; two, the contingency base is more than what has ever been used in the history of it—show me where the Children’s Health Insurance Program, because no one is saying it. No one can show that it is. Please point it out to us. You do not have the authority to spend this money. We put a contin-gency fund, set aside, and looked at the history of the program. The most that was ever used was $300 million, so we keep $500 million in reserve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.043 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3917 May 10, 2018 
If the gentleman could explain to me why, then, for those who voted for the omnibus on your side of the aisle, would you make a larger, same amount, and the argument then to take that money in the omnibus but not now, why is it different? Why is it different when the tax-payers will save money into an account you cannot spend, you don’t have the legal authority to, and it is just sitting there, and it goes to the criteria of what you laid out, 1, 2, 3, or 4? The great thing about a rescission, this doesn’t have to be the only one. So if you want to work with us and you find areas that you want to find sav-ings to the taxpayers, I will make my-self available to have those meetings. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, is the ma-jority leader aware of the fact, when he says that the rescission was cut or the CHIP was cut, is the gentleman aware of where that money went when it was cut, or—I would say it in a different way—reprogrammed to other items in the omnibus or in the Labor-Health bill in previous appropriations? Is the gen-tleman aware of the difference between the cut and the reprogramming of money for a different objective related to the appropriation that was included? I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the answer is yes, because if you listened to what I said earlier, it went to HHS. But this is the point: Then the gen-tleman is acknowledging that you could not use that money for the CHIP program, so it is still sitting there. You do not have the authority for it. It is exactly what you said to me in a col-loquy, just our last, that you will look at any account that is sitting there 1, 2, 3, all the way to 7 years. Mr. Speaker, I don’t understand the argument, if no child could be harmed, if the Republicans put it for 10 years, the longest it has ever been, you can’t use the money, and we leave a contin-gency fund there. If the gentleman wants to find a rea-son to get to ‘‘no,’’ I understand that. But I am of the belief I want to find a way to save money, and I don’t know what points the gentleman tries to bring up and say it is political. No. The whole time I have been in this House, I have always held to the belief: It doesn’t matter; we can find in any program waste. But this rescission pro-gram is about money that is sitting in accounts that you laid out that you said you would be more than willing to look at, and that is what we have done, and I hope you would be able to keep your word and vote for it. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman has not answered either one of my questions, A, whether there was a single red cent available in the Defense Department for rescission, because that money has been laying there 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 years. Is there a sin-gle red cent there? B, he did not answer the question whether or not this rescis-sion will adversely impact the discre-tionary baseline for the 2019 budget. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry. Did the gentleman yield to me? On what point? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I did yield to the gentleman about the single red cent, because all of this deals on the nondefense side of the budget, which is, by the way, the smallest part of the budget. The gentleman keeps saying we need to make sure we do these cuts. He wasn’t as concerned, apparently, about balancing our budget when he cut $1.8 trillion, $1.5 trillion—$1.8 trillion when you include the interest. I know they say it is going to pay for itself. I have been here a long time. They have said that before. It never has paid for itself. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman will not answer those two questions: Is there not a single red cent in the Defense budget; are they looking at the Defense budget to see whether or not we put money on the table that is either no longer necessary or has not been used for a significant period of time—that seems to be his rationale—or, secondly, whether or not it is going to have an adverse effect on the budget deal that was reached in terms of where the non-defense discretionary spending base will be for the 2019 budget. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me, and I will answer any question he has or any other reason why he finds a way you can’t save taxpayers money, but let me answer your questions. Since we don’t touch FY18 funds, it does not affect FY19 baseline. Secondly, I said earlier, the gen-tleman is a Member of this Congress. Rescissions do not have to be a one- time offer. If you have any ability or any ideas, I am more than willing to work with you. I am more than willing to work in the future not just on that line, but others as well. b1215 Mr. HOYER. Is the gentleman aware that there are $95 billion of unobligated funds in the Department of Defense? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. That is great. Will the gentleman offer an amendment to the bill? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I would ask the majority leader—he wants to do these rescissions. Congress usually does these. They do them in the appro-priations process, and that is fine. Presidents have also done that. My question to him was: If you want to see rescissions, and—as he has quoted me over, and over, and over again—funds that are not necessary, not needed, not going to be spent, obvi-ously, we will consider rescissions for those. However, what I have asked the gen-tleman is, you make the assessment. Very frankly, the first time we make a rescission suggestion on defense, he will stand up, or others on his side will stand up, and say: See, they are against defense. I am strongly for our national secu-rity, and I always have been. But I think it is perverse in the farm bill to look at people who need nutritional help. This CHIP program, if there is $500 million as he claims, and he is probably accurate—I don’t want to as-sess the gentleman’s saying something inaccurate—but clearly, these funds have been used for other issues almost annually by the Appropriations Com-mittee. Mr. COLEwould say that. Mrs. L
OWEY would say that. I would expect, Mr. Speaker, for both the President and the majority to pro-pose where those $95 billion in unobli-gated funds might also add to his de-sire to make sure that taxpayers get some money back that is not being used. I yield to my friend and then we will conclude. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman used Congressman T
OM C
OLE’s name, saying that he would say something. Congressman T
OMCOLEis a cosponsor of the rescission bill. He is an appropriator, just as Con-gresswoman K
AYGRANGER , Congress-man T
OMGRAVES . They are all on the Appropriations Committee, and they are all cosponsors of this bill because they want to continue to look to ways that you can save taxpayers money. I know we have gone around and around here. The question really ends to a philosophy. Can we find a place that we can save the taxpayers money, or can we only find the time that we will take that money when you can’t spend it and spend it someplace else? I believe we could take money that you cannot spend and give it back to the taxpayer. The gentleman brings up other areas. My door is open. I don’t want this to be the only rescission. I look for any de-partment, any area in government that we could find savings that are left over, that are sitting there. Or let’s make it more accountable. Let’s find savings in the current process as well. I am all for that. But the one thing, Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to is voting ‘‘no.’’ That is the easiest thing to do on this floor. I can always find a reason why I am against a bill because something else was not in it. What is in this bill today is what my friend said in the last colloquy. His ar-gument against having a rescission package was all based upon the omni-bus. So he laid this out. Then we meet that criteria, and then he is going to lay another reason out. You cannot point to anywhere, CBO or any other place, where it states that the CHIP program is harmed. I am sure he was concerned about that, Mr. Speaker, when he voted against it three times, when he extended for 10 years. This isn’t about CHIP. It has nothing to do with it, because the CBO says it is all protected. We put a contingency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.044 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3918 May 10, 2018 
fund in there greater than what was ever used in the history of the pro-gram. Mr. Speaker, what the real story here is: Can you take money and give it back to the taxpayers and save money, or do you always have to spend more in Washington? I think when the bill comes to the floor, the American peo-ple will get that answer. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman has mentioned numerous times that I voted against some of the bills that were offered on this floor, and he is right. He tries to make it as if I voted against the CHIP program. He knows that is not an honest represen-tation, Mr. Speaker, any more than the chairman of the Armed Services Com-mittee voting against one of those bills with me being against defense. I was against it, frankly, because the Speaker and the majority leader made a representation in September that we are going to solve a problem we have yet to solve. And I am sorry about that. I think it is wrong not to have solved it, and we were told we were going to have a solution to it. But the fact of the matter is, what I am saying is, the Republicans talked and talked mightily about deficit re-duction and giving money back to the taxpayer. But if you break their bank, the money is going to be taken from our children. And so they passed a massive, $1.5 trillion tax bill, massive, and then they come here with nickel-and-dime pro-grams and say they are going to give money back to the taxpayer. I am for giving money back to the taxpayer. I am not for doing it by cre-ating additional debt for their children and their grandchildren. I think that is not only an intellectually bankrupt policy, but an immoral policy. But we are not going to resolve it today. I un-derstand that. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The gentleman just said nickel-and- dime programs. This will be the largest rescission in the history of this coun-try. It is not nickels and dimes. It is the taxpayers’ money. If it is nickels and dimes to the taxpayers, I want to save those, just the same. But this is billions. The gentleman tries to make an ar-gument that doesn’t hold. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman argues that CHIP could be in jeopardy. The CBO says that is not true. The press writes that it is not true. I cannot find anywhere that this program would be harmed. I listened to my friend on the other side explain why he voted against CHIP three times. His explanation is because he said there was a promise on the other side for some other bill to come to the floor. I can take him at his word, but my only question back to him would be: Then why does he vote for any bill? Shouldn’t he vote ‘‘no’’ on every bill that is on the floor then, if that is the protest? I don’t understand why he would take it out on the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program. I don’t understand why, when we had the opportunity and we were able to achieve it, he voted ‘‘no’’ to get the longest extension in a dec-ade. Mr. Speaker, I know the American public will see through what is politics and what is policy and what is oppor-tunity. Yes, we did pass a tax bill and, unfortunately, it was just one side that voted for it. Yes, our unemployment is the lowest it has been in more than 18 years. Our unemployment claims are the lowest they have been in 44 years. Two million more people are now in the workforce. If you go back, 9, 10 years, the par-ticipation rate in America was over 65 percent. Unfortunately, just a few years ago, it got all the way down to 62.7, the lowest it has been since 1978. But the good news is, it is on its way back up. The good news is, Mr. Speaker, mil-lions of Americans got bonuses where they could fix their car, maybe buy that new washing machine. The better news is, Mr. Speaker, that the revenues into government are even higher—part of what the argument was on passing the tax bill. Mr. Speaker, it was even an excite-ment to watch President Trump sitting at Andrews Air Force Base watching three Americans get off an airplane that have been in prison in North Korea, released on the hopes that the war and the battle of North Korea against South Korea can end, and that the President has announced that he has a location and time for that meet-ing. Yes, the world looks brighter. But there are still places around the world that are not safe. And, yes, we did make an investment into the military that I am very proud of. I actually voted for that bill. People will say a lot of people negotiated. Some that nego-tiated didn’t vote for it in the end. So, Mr. Speaker, I try to listen to the other side and I take what they say very seriously. When I heard in our last colloquy that a rescission bill had to be made on those funds that have sat there for 1, 2, 3, and even 7 years, that is what we did. And I look forward to working on further bills in any depart-ment that anyone in this body would like to work on. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, this ad-ministration will have the largest def-icit increase of any administration in history. They haven’t been here very long, so that is a prediction I make, and I am absolutely positive I am cor-rect. They are now trying to bring that down, as I have said, by going after in-vestments on the domestic side of the budget, both in the farm bill and in the rescission package. There are clearly rescissions that are justified and that the Appropriations Committee and ad-ministrations have made on a regular basis. When administrations have made them, almost invariably, the majority of the rescissions requested by the ad-ministrations—Democrat or Repub-lican—have been rejected by the Con-gress of the United States. But I am hopeful, as the majority leader says, that we can reach bipar-tisan agreement on rescissions that, in fact, make sense. I would also hope we could reach some bipartisan agreement on solving issues that confront this country. The farm bill is a perfect example where it historically has been a bipar-tisan bill, Mr. Speaker. It is a partisan bill this year, as they made it the last time when Chairman LUCAS reported out a bipartisan bill and pleaded with his party not to make it a partisan bill. They made it a partisan bill and, of course, it failed in the Senate. It wasn’t even brought up in the Senate. The Senate did its own bill. So I would hope that the words of the majority leader about wanting to work in a bipartisan fashion will be realized with respect to all of these issues, in-cluding rescissions. And I would hope that we could perhaps have some ra-tional policies to try to stem the ex-traordinary deficits that will inevi-tably be caused, as they have been in the past, by a tax cut bill that gave 83 percent of its benefits to the wealthiest in our Nation. Without further ado, Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LETTER CARRIERS’ STAMP OUT HUNGER FOOD DRIVE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today about an ex-cellent event that will take place Sat-urday in communities throughout the Nation. The 26th annual Letter Carriers’ Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive is the country’s largest single-day food drive. It is the brainchild of the National As-sociation of Letter Carriers in response to the need they saw every day on their routes. Letter carriers go into neighborhoods in every town at least 6 days a week, and they have a keen awareness of their neighbors in need. After receiving input from food banks and pantries, the letter carriers determined that late spring would be the best time for a food drive since by then most food banks in the country start running out of dona-tions received during the Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday periods. Known for its distinctive blue plastic bags, the Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive provides nonperishable food to local food banks, shelters, and meal programs across the United States. One bag of food may seem small, but it goes a long way to stamp out hunger. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.046 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3919 May 10, 2018 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN PHIPPEN (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of John Phippen. John attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. John was the father of six and grand-father to one. His life revolved around his friends, children, and grandkids. John showed his true character the night of the Route 91 festival when he died while shielding a stranger with his body from the gunfire. John was a kind and gentle man who enjoyed the simple things in life. His favorite thing to do was spend time with his family and friends in the sand dunes at Lake Havasu or camping at the beach. Everyone who knew John remembers him for being a wonderful, selfless, and sweet man. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my condolences to John Phippen’s fam-ily and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
b1230 A–29 SUPER TUCANO SUCCESS IN AFGHANISTAN (Mr. RUTHERFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the success of the A–29 Super Tucano light-attack combat aircraft in Afghanistan, a joint U.S. Air Force, NATO, and Afghan Air Force program. Starting in December of 2015, the 81st Fighter Squadron at Moody Air Force Base graduated the first class of Af-ghan A–29 pilots, and this April marked the 2-year anniversary of these pilots’ first combat mission in Afghanistan, a remarkable milestone. As one U.S. Armed Forces com-mander stated: The A–29 combat mis-sion in Afghanistan has been a game changer. The program’s success has drawn the attention of our allies with more than 14 air forces using the A–29 and over 320,000 flight hours and 40,000 combat hours. Even our own Air Force is currently conducting experimen-tation on adding this light-attack air-craft to the fleet. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of this con-tribution in part because, since 2011, the A–29 has been built in my district in Jacksonville, Florida, by a team of more than 1,000 U.S. employees, 60 per-cent of which, Mr. Speaker, are vet-erans. The A–29 is truly made in Amer-ica and includes the support of more than 100 suppliers and subcontractors across 20 States. 
f 
BIDDING FAREWELL TO CHARLIE DENT (Ms. SA´NCHEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, very shortly we will be losing a Member of the House of Representatives. CHARLIE  D
ENT, the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania, will be leaving this body. I would be remiss if I didn’t come to the floor and talk about his tremendous service to the House of Representa-tives. I had the honor and the privilege of serving with Mr. D
ENT on the Ethics Committee. Not that serving on the Ethics Committee is a great honor or a great privilege, but serving with him truly was. He is a man of integrity, a man who kept his word, a man who worked hard to get through the busi-ness at hand, somebody whom I could trust, and somebody with a really great sense of humor, which, in this body, is becoming a rarer and rarer thing. He is truly a likeable individual, somebody who took his job and his re-sponsibilities seriously. And I want to wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors, and I want him to know that he will be sorely missed in this body. 
f 
HONORING MAYOR JAMES FULLER (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember the life of Mr. James F. Fuller, Sr., the longtime mayor of Ludowici in the First Con-gressional District of Georgia. Mayor Fuller worked in every area possible to serve the people of Ludowici. He began working for Ludowici as a police officer, then po-lice chief, then finally water super-intendent. Forty-two years ago, Mayor Fuller was elected to his first term on city council. When he passed, he was completing his second term as the city’s mayor. Not only did he lend his hand to Ludowici but also to our Na-tion as a whole, serving in the Navy during the Korean war. A true public servant, Mayor Fuller was fulfilling his pledge as the city’s leading official up until the very last moments before his passing. Even in the hospital, he said he would never get tired of talking about Ludowici and doing what he can for the people there. Mayor Fuller passed away on April 27 at the age of 83. His family, friends, and the city of Ludowici are in my thoughts and prayers. 
f 
REMEMBERING PATTY BIRKHOLZ (Mr. HUIZENGA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember a friend and former colleague, former State Senator Patty Birkholz. I join my colleagues and friends in Lansing today by wearing purple in her honor, as she was affec-tionately known as Purple Patty. Lit-erally down to the ink pens that she used, everything was purple. Senator Birkholz was first elected to the State legislature in 1996, as the first woman from Allegan County in the western side of Michigan. Then she became the first female Republican speaker pro tempore. After that she was elected to the State senate, where she served two terms. Upon leaving the legislature, Senator Birkholz was appointed director of the Office of the Great Lakes by Governor Rick Snyder and as the Michigan rep-resentative to the Great Lakes Com-mission. President Barack Obama ap-pointed Senator Birkholz to the Na-tional Sea Grant Advisory Board, a po-sition she continued until she passed away. Senator Birkholz was a passionate advocate for Michigan’s natural re-sources and passed significant legisla-tion, creating the Great Lakes Interbasin Compact, water withdrawal assessment laws, and ballast water standards that have affected all of the Great Lakes region. In 2010, a 291-acre portion of the 1,000-acre Saugatuck Dunes State Park was renamed the ‘‘Patricia Birkholz Natural Area’’ by the Michigan Department of Natural Resources and Environment. She was a friend and a colleague who fought hard for her beliefs. She was tough, she was compassionate, and she was a great legislator. She will be deep-ly missed. Blessings to her family as we mourn her loss. f 
FREED AMERICANS IN NORTH KOREA (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer a big welcome home to the three Americans who arrived early this morning back in the United States, in their words, the greatest Nation in the world, following their captivity in North Korea. I commend Secretary of State Pompeo for his work to secure the re-lease of these Americans and to Presi-dent Trump for resetting the negoti-ating dynamic that led to this day. If we were following the prior administra-tion’s strategic patience, they would still be imprisoned. With the freeing of these Americans and the other recent developments on the Korean Peninsula, including what is reflected in this photo, both North and South Korea removing their re-spective propaganda speakers from the DMZ, one cannot help but recall the events of 1989, in Eastern Europe, and the thaw that resulted in the freeing of half a continent. Today’s homecoming is a positive step in achieving lasting peace, but we still have a long way to go. It is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.048 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3920 May 10, 2018 
shame that this could not have come to fruition in time for Otto Warmbier’s safe release. Let us hope that, with the forth-coming talks between the United States and North Korea, much more progress will be made. 
f 
GODSPEED, CHARLIE DENT (Mr. SHUSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today we say farewell to a colleague and good friend, C
HARLIE DENT, a dedicated pub-lic servant who served in the Pennsyl-vania House for 8 years, the Pennsyl-vania Senate for 6, and 14 years in the United States Congress. Again, a dedicated public servant. He is smart. He is tough. He is hard-working. He has a great sense of humor. But, most importantly, he has been a voice of reason here in the House of Representatives. He has worked extremely hard to represent the people of the 15th District over those past 14 years and done it with great honor and integrity. As Charlie leaves the House today, I say to my good friend: Chuck, we are going to miss you. Godspeed. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUB-LIC—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESI-DENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–123) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014, with respect to the Central African Republic, is to continue in effect beyond May 12, 2018. The situation in and in relation to the Central African Republic, which has been marked by a breakdown of law and order, intersectarian tension, widespread violence and atrocities, and the pervasive, often forced recruitment and use of child soldiers, threatens the peace, security, or stability of the Cen-tral African Republic and the neigh-boring states, and continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign pol-icy of the United States. Therefore, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to the Central African Republic declared in Executive Order 13667. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 10, 2018. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW AND ADJOURNMENT FROM FRI-DAY, MAY 11, 2018, TO TUESDAY, MAY 15, 2018 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet at 11 a.m. tomorrow; and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morning- hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS TO HAVE UNTIL 6 P.M. ON FRIDAY, MAY 11, 2018, TO FILE PRIVILEGED RE-PORTS Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that the Committee on Appropriations have until 6 p.m. on Friday, May 11, 2018, to file privileged reports to accompany measures mak-ing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
FAREWELL TO THE CONGRESS AND THANK YOU TO MY CON-STITUENTS IN THE 15TH DIS-TRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. D
ENT) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give notice of my intent to resign from the United States House of Rep-resentatives on May 12 and to share a few words with my fellow Members and the American people. It has truly been an honor and privi-lege to serve the people of Pennsylva-nia’s 15th District, and I am proud of my time in Congress. I believe that I have made a difference and improved the lives of the constituents whom I have served in Pennsylvania: from serving on the House Homeland Secu-rity Committee and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, which is being very ably led by my good friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HU-
STER )—and his term is also coming to its end. I want to commend him and congratulate him on his dedicated serv-ice all these years—and to my current role as a senior member of the House Appropriations Committee, chairing the Subcommittee on Military Con-struction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies; and as past chairman of the House Ethics Committee. And I was delighted for my good friend LINDA SA´NCHEZ , who just spoke a few moments ago, serving with her. She was a wonderful partner on that committee. So much of the staff, some of whom are here in the Chamber today, I was so thrilled to be able to have that opportunity to work with her and the staff, who are all so profes-sional. I also had the opportunity to serve as co-chair of the Tuesday Group Caucus. I was very pleased with what we were able to accomplish in that role. And as a senior member of the Appropriations Committee, I fought to fulfill the basic functions of government, like keeping the government funded and preventing default on our Nation’s obligations. At times, that has not been easy. I see my good friend Mr. C
OLEis here, too. He has been a great appropriator, a great leader, and a great mentor to me. Unfortunately, due to disruptive po-litical influences, increased polariza-tion has led the Congress to becoming more paralyzed and unable to perform even our most basic and fundamental tasks. This phenomenon manifested itself most clearly during the 2013 Fed-eral Government shutdown, but it con-tinues today. This political polarization has led to a disturbing trend where fringe ele-ments of both the far right and far left are emboldened and empowered. And while the bases of both political parties are well represented in Congress, the governing center has been under in-creased pressure. Too many Republicans expect un-questioning—blind, unquestioning— loyalty and obedience to President Trump, no matter how absurd or dis-ruptive the comment or behavior. Con-stitutional separation of powers is al-most an alien concept, after relent-lessly demanding Congress assert its Article I powers during the Obama years. On the other side, far too many Democrats offer unflinching resistance and opposition to President Trump, even if they agree with him on a given policy or position. Separation of political parties has re-placed separation of powers as a guid-ing, governing philosophy. This dy-namic is simply not sustainable, and it is already having troubling con-sequences. We have already seen a rise in the three-headed monster of isolationism, protectionism, and nativism. These are not qualities of a great nation. In fact, they dishonor the sacrifices and service of the Greatest Generation, who deliv-ered both victory during World War II 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.050 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3921 May 10, 2018 
and the farsighted, outward-looking, post-war, rules-based order that has brought unprecedented freedom and prosperity to America and its friends, allies, and partners. Furthermore, traditional democratic values—the rule of law, freedom of press, an independent judiciary—are under unprecedented attack through-out much of the world. b1245 It is incumbent upon all of us to stand up and defend our way of life and our institutions. In Congress, we need to reestablish a strong, bipartisan gov-erning center that will help restore order and stability to Washington and that will also help alleviate a lot of concerns throughout the country. To be sure, there are a number of Members working towards that goal: the members of the Tuesday Group, Re-publican Main Street Partnership, the Blue Dogs, New Democrats, Problem Solvers Caucus, and there are others. Many of these Members understand that consensus and compromise are not capitulation or surrender but, instead, are essential to a functioning republic. We need to pursue real fiscal reform, both on the mandatory side and the revenue side of the ledger. We need a Simpson-Bowles 2.0, with teeth; and re-forms must be bipartisan to ensure they are both durable and sustainable, which we know won’t happen on a par-tisan basis. Additionally, we need to address other challenges, such as how to in-crease access to and affordability for our Nation’s healthcare system, ex-panding educational opportunities for our children and our grandchildren, and making needed improvements to our infrastructure like so many around here are dedicated to, especially my friend Chairman S
HUSTER . The administration must realize that America has to honor its agreements if we ever hope to enter into new ones. We simply cannot walk away from American commitments, even ones we may have voted against or disagreed with, if we expect to continue to build new coalitions and enter into new agreements. Instead, we should double down on the multilateral rules-based order, whatever the flaws, that America worked so hard to establish after World War II by defending the institutions, alliances, and partnerships we estab-lished or helped establish: NATO, Euro-pean unity, and, yes, a global trade re-gime through which we have advanced America’s economic, security, and strategic interests. We should look at ways to open new markets and expand new opportunities that unleash the power and benefits of the American free enterprise system. All of us, Republicans and Democrats, need to work together to move Amer-ica forward as friends and partners who share values, ideals, and common inter-ests. Whether confronting a revanchist, aggressive Russia; a terrorist, theo-cratic Iranian regime; or China’s mer-cantilist policies, success can only be achieved by finding strength in unity. And while I may be leaving the Halls of Congress, I am not retreating from the battlefield. Some of you may regret that. I intend to continue aggressively advocating for people and the policies of the sensible center. I hope to provide an even larger voice in favor of respon-sible governance and hope to foster a strong center-right movement that em-braces traditional conservative virtues of order, discipline, stability, measured statements, and incremental change— not the incendiary rhetoric, chaos, and dysfunction that we have, unfortu-nately, grown accustomed to in recent years. Although my time in Congress is drawing to a close, I know that our Na-tion’s future is bright. Thank you, Mr. Speaker, and thanks to all my friends and colleagues, again, some of whom are here today. I thank them all, my friends and colleagues not only here in the House, but also in the Senate, for their support, their guid-ance, their wisdom, and their friend-ship over the years. It is truly very meaningful to me, and I have been es-pecially touched by some of the very nice things people have said and other tributes that have been paid to me. My wife said, after she heard a few of them, she is kind of waiting to meet this guy that they are all talking about. But seriously, I can’t thank you enough. I also want to give a special thank- you to all my staff, both past and present, for everything that they have done dutifully to serve our constitu-ents in Pennsylvania and to my legisla-tive and policy priorities. I should note, some of my staff are seated up in the gallery, past and present. I am not supposed to do that, but, hell, it is my last day, so I can do that. I just want to again thank the staff for their dedication and work, both my Washington and my district staff, who do a lot of work not just for me, but all of our staffs. They do a lot, and some-times they take a lot of grief, and we don’t say thank you enough to them. But the bottom line is we could have never achieved as much as we did with-out their dedication and their commit-ment. And above all, thank you to the peo-ple of Pennsylvania’s 15th Congres-sional District for the trust they have shown in me time and again. I have al-ways said I don’t know how many con-stituents would allow their Member the amount of latitude they have given me to be somewhat of an independent voice here and say what I felt needed to be said. I really appreciated my con-stituents allowing me to do that. I rec-ognize in some districts that might not be case, so to them I say thank you again. After my family, representing them and carrying their voice to Wash-ington has been the honor and joy of a lifetime. Mr. Speaker, I say thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time. A TRIBUTE TO SEAN PATRICK MURPHY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ESTES of Kansas). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE) for 30 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, the House is often described as a family, but it is a lot bigger than 435 Members. Our ex-tended family, of course, includes the staff of the House and the staff of each and every Member; the Capitol Police who do such an extraordinary job of protecting all of us; the maintenance crews that make sure the facilities function, are open to the public; and, frankly, all those others who make the House of Representatives a very special place. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to report what many of you already know, the loss of a member of that extended fam-ily, my longtime chief of staff, Sean Patrick Murphy. Sean has been a professional asso-ciate and friend of mine for 19 years. He was my chief of staff for 11 years, and, frankly, we both believed he would be the last chief of staff I would ever have. Sean Patrick Murphy left us, unex-pectedly, in February. He had based his life on three things: his faith, his fam-ily, and his friends. Those people who were privileged to know Sean know that he was a very de-vout Catholic, and his faith was not something that was casual to him. It was something that he lived each and every day and carried out in each and every relationship that he had. Nothing was more important after his faith than his family. Sean Murphy was the consummate husband and fa-ther. He loved his family, and he lived a life of total dedication to them. His wife, Johannah, and his sons, Patrick, Peter, and Charlie, were fix-tures that we all heard about in our of-fice each and every day, particularly the boys because there would always be a funny story about what they hap-pened to be doing at any given mo-ment. Sean worked hard so Johannah could stay home and actually homeschool those three children, so they were an extraordinarily close group. And, finally, there were Sean’s friends. No one had more, no one, frankly, held his friends longer, and no one treasured them more than Sean. Because of that, if you happened to at-tend his funeral, you saw over 2,000 family and friends show up to remem-ber this extraordinary man. As a person, Sean had all the wit, all the wisdom, all the decency of the Irish. He was a natural leader and a loyal colleague. People followed him because they trusted him. He was fair. He was decent. He was selfless. He al-ways put others first. And if you sent spent a day with Sean Murphy, you were going to laugh. He made people laugh partly by laugh-ing at himself. In all the years that I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.051 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3922 May 10, 2018 
knew him and all the many capacities we dealt in together, I never had one other person come and complain to me about Sean—no constituent, no fellow staff member, no lobbyist, no member of another office. All of them thought they were his best friend. Now, he was pretty good at that and would give you a pretty good opinion later about whether they were really a friend or not, but the point is every-body that knew him liked him, and ev-erybody believed that he liked them back. Sean’s lifelong profession, and, real-ly, it began when he was quite young, was his passion for politics. He took it first as a volunteer, and then it did be-come the manner in which he lived his life. Now, his gentle nature hid an ex-traordinarily competitive personal spirit. Politics, I like to say, is an adult team sport, and Sean played it exceptionally well. He was astute in his judgment about people and about poli-tics. In all the many issues we discussed over many years, both in terms of deal-ing with political campaigns and deal-ing with the politics of the House, itself, both on the floor and in our Con-ference, I never got a piece of bad ad-vice from Sean. But with Sean, politics always had a purpose, and that purpose was always to achieve some greater good, some more important goal. He wasn’t just good at winning; he was good at governing. He, frankly, never sold out. He had plenty of oppor-tunities to go and make a lot more money than I could have ever paid him, but he worked for principle. He always put his country and his party and peo-ple above anything that might benefit himself. And he believed in the things that he worked for, and he worked to make a difference in this country each and every day. Frankly, he cherished this institu-tion above all else. He enjoyed not only the politics, but those rare moments of drama when great things happen on the floor of the House; and he made sure that any Member he worked for—and I wasn’t the only one—had an oppor-tunity to impact those events thanks to his good advice, thanks to the won-derful staff that he built and created, and thanks to his shrewd strategy. All of us that knew him believed that he left us far too soon, but that is pret-ty presumptive, Mr. Speaker. Who are any of us to say something like that? God chooses the time that we come and the time that we go. How can you be bitter when your friend went to his bed, innocent and untroubled, and woke up in Heaven with our Lord and Savior? But God does allow us to miss him, and miss him we all will. He will be missed as a husband and a father and a friend. He blessed all of us with his life. And for me, in particular, Mr. Speaker, I will miss him for all my days. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1300 CALIFORNIA’S WATER SUPPLY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 30 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, we just heard a few moments ago a colleague of ours, Congressman C
HARLIE DENT, who has served with great distinction and honor, a classmate of mine. I simply want to say that he is a role model for all of us in terms of how to legislate in a thoughtful and delibera-tive fashion, and to reach across the aisle in a way that I think is conducive to getting things done. He certainly is a great example of how we should all reflect in terms of our work here every day. We will miss him, and we wish him the best of luck in his next endeavors. Mr. Speaker, I also want to talk about the challenges that we face in California as it relates to our water needs. The San Joaquin Valley, that I have the honor and privilege to represent, is one of the largest agriculture regions in the entire country, and, therefore, the world. We grow half of the Nation’s fruits and vegetables, 70 percent of the world’s almonds, 50 percent of the world’s pistachios, the number one dairy State in the Nation, and the number one citrus State in the Nation. The list goes on and on and on, over 300 commodities that we have the abil-ity to grow because of an incredible Mediterranean climate, and water, which is the crucible, because we like to say in the Valley that: Where water flows, food grows. Clearly, the ability to have water re-liability is so essential to ensuring that we can continue to maintain our agricultural production, which every night puts food on America’s dinner table and, therefore, allows American consumers to have the healthiest, the best, nutritious quality of varieties of food and food products at the most eco-nomical cost to them and their fami-lies anywhere in the world. We are so good at it, in producing food, not only in California, but around the country, American agriculture, that I think sometimes Americans take it for granted, because less than 3 percent of our Nation’s population—as in California, less than 3 percent of our State’s population—is directly in-volved in the production of food and fiber. I sometimes feel that the majority of Americans believe that their food comes from a grocery store. Well, it doesn’t. I mean, you get it at the gro-cery store, or you get it at your favor-ite restaurants, wherever that may be. But before that food gets to the gro-cery store, or before it gets to those restaurants, it comes from farmers and ranchers and dairymen and -women across this great land of ours, and cer-tainly California plays a key role. We have had difficult, difficult drought periods in California. We had a 6-year prolonged drought that re-minded us that the climate continues to change. What impacts we, as people, have on the change of that climate is debated. But clearly we know that we have an impact, and it continues to change. Therefore, to be responsible, we have to plan to ensure that we have ade-quate water supplies to maintain our agricultural production, for it is the sustenance of life: water. Where water flows, food grows. It is so important, obviously, throughout the country, but critical in maintaining our incredible cornucopia of agricultural production in Cali-fornia. You should understand that 99 percent of our agriculture in California is irrigated. I have, for over 30 years, worked to strengthen the water reliability, not only in the San Joaquin Valley, but throughout California. In a State like California, where we have so many resources and so many cutting-edge technologies, in terms of efficient irrigation methodologies, drip irrigation and conserving and trying to figure out ways in which we can re-charge our aquifers, we are using all of the water tools in the water toolbox. When I was in the California Legisla-ture, I authored legislation to create the Kern County Water Bank. I led two successful water bond measures that provided more than $2 billion to im-prove California’s water system and provide for safe, reliable water drink-ing. We have places in California, and other parts of the country, where our groundwater has gotten contaminated. Therefore, we need to make adjust-ments to make sure that every Amer-ican—every Californian—has clean drinking water. In Congress, I have secured approval for the Madera Irrigation District Water Bank, the San Luis Intertie, and the North Valley Regional Recycled Water Project, bringing hundreds and thousands of acre-feet to secure more water, a more reliable supply of water, for the San Joaquin Valley, but also for other parts of California, as well. If we cannot solve the water prob-lems in California, I really am very concerned about the future of our Na-tion and our planet. Again, we don’t think about it, but food is a national security issue. It truly is. We take it for granted. We not only have the ability throughout the country, and in Cali-fornia, to produce enough food for every American, but we produce more than we can consume and, therefore, we export many of our food products throughout the world. But again, with the impacts of cli-mate change, oceans rising, the planet that 2 years ago clicked 7 billion peo-ple, by the middle of the century will have 9 billion people. Guess what happens when you add 2 billion more people to the planet? You 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.053 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3923 May 10, 2018 
have to feed them. Therefore, food not only for America, but for the world, is a national security issue. But you can’t have that abundant supply of food, that reliable supply of food, unless you have a reliable supply of water. Let me give you some perspective. Two hundred years ago, we had 1.7 bil-lion people on the planet. So, in 200 years, we have gone from 1.7 billion to 7 billion, and by the middle of the cen-tury it is estimated that there will be 9 billion people on the planet that, yes, will need food. Only if we have reliable water supplies can we ensure that we have that reliable supply of food. If we can’t figure out ways in which to manage our water resources in Cali-fornia—the fifth-largest economy now in the world, a cutting-edge State in technology—if we can’t solve our water problems in California, I am truly con-cerned about other parts of the world that depend upon reliable water sup-plies to feed their population. Throughout the years that I have been both here and in Sacramento, I have worked on a bipartisan basis to pass water infrastructure improve-ments for our Nation. The WIIN Act, that we passed some 2 years ago, was signed into law in December of 2016. It was part of an overall effort to pro-vide solutions, using all the water tools in our water toolbox, that will make it more flexible to move water through California’s system of waterways—the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta System—in which we can have the flexibility, but still try to deal with the environmental concerns and main-tain water quality for our cities, but also provide water for our farmers. In addition to that, provide to the State over $355 million for water infra-structure projects, including matching Federal funds for new surface storage in California: for the Temperance Flat project, for raising the San Luis Res-ervoir, for creating the Sites Reservoir, and for other important funding pur-poses in which a Federal authorization will allow us to match both State and local dollars. In all of my time in working to im-prove the lives of the people of the Val-ley that I have the honor and privilege to represent, rarely have I been pre-sented with a project that has such ob-vious potential as the New Exchequer Dam that was built a number of years ago. The water that is currently im-pounded—actually, it is a dam that was built in the twenties and expanded in the late fifties—provides irrigation for an incredible amount of productive ag land in Merced County. It also allows for groundwater replenishment in many of the nearby communities, and it also provides environmental benefits for fisheries and wildlife refuges down-stream from the dam. Recently, the Merced Irrigation Dis-trict performed a detailed analysis of the hydrology of the watershed up-stream from Exchequer Dam, which is the mountains that California has been blessed with—the incredible Sierra Ne-vada mountain range, over 600 miles in length, 150 miles in width, and moun-tains that go from 12,000 feet to 14,000 feet—that provides the snowpack for California. It is Mother Nature’s icebox for California. For those of you who are not from California, you should understand that we get all of our moisture in California from November to March. Above 4,000 feet or 5,000 feet, that rain turns to snow. Then, in the springtime, it melts. It comes down, and it fills our rivers and the reservoirs that we have on our rivers, and it allows us to have a supply of water throughout the sum-mer. We don’t have any rain in the summer. Recently, this project, as an example, it was determined by the district, the Merced Irrigation District, that if we raised the spillway gates by 8 feet, that Lake McClure, behind this dam, could add an additional 57,000 acre-feet of water. Fifty-seven thousand acre-feet of water is a good additional supply, with-out impeding Merced’s wild and scenic river designation. We maintain that. But, at the same time, we add 57,000 acre-feet of water to the supply. That is important. However, to move forward with rais-ing these spillway gates, the flood con-trol and operations manual for Excheq-uer Dam must be updated, and that is the responsibility of the Army Corps of Engineers. You should understand that many of these water projects in California, and other States across the country, have multiple purposes. They not only sup-ply water for people, they not only try to benefit the environment, but they also provide water for farmers. At the same time, many of these projects pro-vide hydroelectric power, and they pro-vide flood control protection. So, in this case, when you increase the spillway gates 8 feet, the Army Corps of Engineers has to modify the flood control manual so that when we have heavy storms and rains, as we did a year ago in California, we are able to operate the facility in such a way that also provides flood control protection. Unfortunately, the current manual that is in place was from 1959, when the dam was expanded the second time. Army Corps of Engineers policy re-quires that flood control manuals be updated, therefore, to reflect the new data and the changes to a project that would occur as a result of raising these gates. In 2017, the Merced Irrigation Dis-trict wrote the Army Corps of Engi-neers, requesting a revision of the flood control manual. That is what this leg-islation that we are introducing will work on. The Army Corps indicated that they could not update the manual at the time, citing budgetary con-straints. The Merced Irrigation District pro-posed to pay for the public process to update the flood control manual, to in-corporate this new hydrological data, if, in fact, the gates were raised. The Army Corps responded by saying that it didn’t have the legal authority to accept funds for the purpose of a non-Federal Section 7 like this New Exchequer Dam, despite being able to do so for other Army Corps facilities. Thus, the Non-Federal Reservoir Op-erations Improvement Act legislation that I have introduced would resolve this disparity by allowing the owners of a non-Federal reservoir, in this case, the Merced Irrigation District, that are regulated by the Army Corps to pro-vide protection for flood control, to contribute the funds so that we can up-date the manual, so that we can, in fact, raise the gates 8 feet, which the Merced Irrigation District is going to pay for, along with their water users— that is how they pay for it—as well as paying the Army Corps of Engineers to update the flood control manual. b1315 Now, this sounds like a lot of com-mon sense, doesn’t it? I think so. So that is the purpose of this legislation. It is part of a long effort that I have been engaged in to improve the water supply, the water reliability, the water quality, the environmental benefits for the challenges that we face in Cali-fornia as it relates to maintaining the water needs for a State that has 40 mil-lion people, the fifth largest economy in the country, the number one agri-cultural State in the Nation. So we know that with the growing demands, the competing demands on water, that crucible, the critical, abso-lute must resource to ensure that we can survive as people, so that where water flows, food will grow, that we can maintain the ability as a national security issue to ensure that all Ameri-cans have the kind of sustainable, good, quality, nutritious food that is so critical to our diet and to our well- being, that is really what this is all about. This is a local project, but it is a part of a much larger effort that I have been engaged in with my colleagues on a bi-partisan basis to address the needs, the long-term needs of California’s water supply. That is what is at the heart here. So we will continue to work to-gether. I hope that this legislation will be enacted this year so that the Merced Irrigation District can be able to go ahead and plan and construct the in-crease of water supply for the needs of the people of Merced County and the surrounding area that will have a mul-titude of benefits. This is a part of an overall effort that I will continue to be engaged in in Merced County, in Madera County, and in Fresno County, throughout our val-ley and throughout our State to ensure that, in the long term, in the 21st cen-tury, we can count on the fact that we have a long-term water supply for all Californians that will allow us to con-tinue to maintain our agricultural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.054 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3924 May 10, 2018 
economy and, at the same time, pro-vide water for people who live in the cities, improve our water quality, and ensure, at the same time, that we pro-tect the environment. Those are the goals. It is com-plicated; it is complex; and it is never easy. Mark Twain supposedly was credited, over 100 years ago, with saying, having spent some time in the West, that it was clear to him that, when we talk about water and water resources and the incredible demands on those water resources, 100 years ago, supposedly Mark Twain said that, in the West, it was clear to him, ‘‘whiskey was made for drinking and water was made for fighting.’’ We hope that we won’t fight over our water resources but that we will work together on a bipartisan basis to solve these problems. That is what we are sent here to do: to work together on a bipartisan basis to solve a whole host of issues that we deal with. But it is very important that we focus, in this instance, on this legislation by passing a bill that makes a great deal of com-mon sense. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is an important day for people who knew and loved the three individuals who were being held improperly by North Korea. They have now been released due to the negotiations with our prior colleague Mike Pompeo—our, now, Secretary of State—and also President Trump. It is interesting, Mr. Speaker, for those who have not spent a lot of time studying American history, they have not realized what a benefit it can be to have an American President who is deemed to be a person who cannot be properly accounted for. His actions may be of interest to foreign leaders. Frankly, I enjoy hearing people in other countries say they are just not sure what to make of President Trump. They are not sure if he is crazy; they are not sure if he might push the but-ton to launch missiles; they are just— he is so unpredictable. But, actually, I think he is very predictable. The man knows how to negotiate. As I pointed out to him a couple of times, if you look through our history, people who were considered to be the most educated, some said the highest intellect, greatest intellectual abil-ity—you have people like John Quincy Adams, who is a hero of mine because of his dedication to bringing an end to slavery. It didn’t happen during his 4 years of being President. It didn’t hap-pen during his 16, 17 years in the House of Representatives, but he was so dedi-cated to his purpose that he materially affected the young freshmen who sat at the back of the room for 2 years, over-lapping about a year with Adams be-fore his fatal stroke on the House floor just down the hall. John Quincy Adams, when he was President, for all his education, intel-lectual ability, I mean, the man wrote books in German, loved the French lan-guage, read books in other languages like French and German, probably kept the best journal of anyone who was ever elected President, but he really didn’t accomplish much of anything at all when he was President. Some of that had to do with the election con-troversy surrounding that. Look at people like Woodrow Wilson, a former college president, supposedly high intellectual ability, but, yes, he did get us involved in World War I. He drug his feet. There were things that could have been done, but nobody had any concern worldwide for Woodrow Wilson. He was considered very predict-able, and it got us into some trouble because people didn’t think he had the nerve to stand up when it was needed. Jimmy Carter was touted as being some sort of nuclear engineer, went to the Naval Academy, but the fiascos in which he was involved as President showed a man who was a nice man but rather inept when it came to foreign affairs. Obviously, the Iranians had no fear of him. He had such poor judgment that he encouraged the removal of the Shah of Iran. Not a nice man, but he was an ally. And Carter didn’t have the foresight to see, kind of like President Obama when he was dealing with Qa-dhafi—Obama with Qadhafi, Carter with the Shah of Iran, they figure: Well, he is not a nice guy, so we will run him off. We will encourage him being run off. In the case of Qadhafi, if it weren’t for Obama’s planes and the missions to take out those defending Qadhafi, Qa-dhafi would probably still be in charge in Libya, and ISIS and al-Qaida ele-ments would not have gained the in-credible foothold they have had. There wouldn’t be the chaos there is today in Libya. President Obama was touted as being of high intellectual capacity, yet just one fiasco after another when it came to foreign affairs as we have seen in the news recently, President Obama’s ef-forts to get $100 billion to $150 billion, some of it on pallets with just cash, American dollars on pallets with fork-lifts, moving those from the United States into the hands of the Ayatollah Khamenei and his bloodthirsty reli-gious zealots in Iran, the biggest sup-porter of terrorism in the world. So deemed to be an intellectual President Obama was, and yet just incredible malfeasance when it came to foreign relations. People were not afraid of him. It was interesting to see polls, while President Obama was our Chief Execu-tive Officer, showing that, although na-tions where Muslims were the major-ity, they didn’t have much respect for President George W. Bush, but there were polls indicating that they had even less respect for President Obama. How could that be? They didn’t see him as being very de-cisive. Indicative of that was, when he drew a line in the sand, had a red line, and Syria crossed that line, he did nothing about it, in essence. So that encouraged our enemies. I know there are those who said that things that happened at Guantanamo Bay, Abu Ghraib, other places, actually hurt America badly because it in-flamed our enemies, whereas, actually, nothing inspires our enemies like the showing of weakness. As President Reagan once said: Of all the wars that occurred during my lifetime in which America was involved, none of them occurred because America was too strong. 
So when other nations perceive weakness, it is provocative, and that is what has happened in our 200-plus-year history. If we are perceived as being weak, it is provocative. President Obama oversaw a number of such weak, provacative incidents. Some weren’t weak, they were just foolish, like encouraging the taking out of Qadhafi. He was not a good man, had blood on his hands from back in the 1980s, and yet when President George W. Bush sent troops into Iraq, Qadhafi had an epiphany and invited us to come in and tell him what weapons he could keep and what he had to get rid of because he was afraid that he would be the next nation to be invaded. When it comes to North Korea, Presi-dent Clinton, educated in what are con-sidered by some to be quite elite schools, Ivy League schools, and yet he oversaw, as President, negotiations with North Korea. This is just a rather short summary, but basically Mad-eleine Albright as Secretary of State and President Clinton’s approach to North Korea was: Look, we will make sure that you get all the nuclear mate-rial you need to make nuclear weapons; we will make sure you get all the tech-nology you need to create nuclear weapons. b1330 We will get you in a better situation as far as the ability to have nukes than you could ever have possibly done on your own. And all we ask in return, in essence, is you sign a document saying that you won’t use the technology and the materials to make nuclear weap-ons. I can just envision the glee, the cele-brations behind the scenes in North Korea over how crazy and foolish American leaders are, during the Clin-ton administration, because they are going to give us everything we need to have nuclear weapons, and all we have got to do is put a signature on a docu-ment. Then we saw history repeat itself when John Kerry played the role of Madeleine Albright, this time with Iran; and, of course, we did have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.056 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3925 May 10, 2018 
Wendy, who was so helpful in getting North Korea what they needed to make nuclear weapons, had her as the lead negotiator, with John Kerry, with Iran, to make sure Iran had an agreement that would enable them to have nu-clear weapons. And if they lived up to every part of the agreement, this disastrous agree-ment, as President Trump described it repeatedly during the election and since, they would still have nuclear weapons in 10 years from when the agreement started. We know—and I went down to the SCIF and reviewed things there. It shouldn’t have been classified. It should have been available for the whole country to read. Eventually it was available. But it appeared very clear that the agreement that was en-abled by Senator C
ORKER , yes, he is a Republican, but just wasn’t familiar enough with the Constitution as he needed to be, because he thought you could take a treaty, which the Iran deal definitely was because it modified other treaty terms, and you can’t do that unless it is in a treaty. The Constitution requires that a treaty is not valid, a deal such as the Iran agreement, until it is confirmed by two-thirds of the Senate. And I am not saying anything that we didn’t say back at the time. I was trying to get the Senate to wake up; that you can’t ratify a treaty, which the Iran agree-ment is, unless you have two-thirds of the Senators voting to ratify, confirm the agreement. Without two-thirds voting in support of the agreement, there is no agree-ment. All you have is something on paper that might as well be a memo. But they acted like it was a deal, and that is why President Obama and John Kerry made sure that the Ayatollah, these radical Islamists that want to end America’s existence on the planet as a country in which there is self-rep-resentation through a Republican form of government—yet they sent $100 bil-lion to $150 billion in cash. And my friend S
TEVE KINGfrom Iowa, D ANA R
OHRABACHER , it may have been some-body else, but we went and met with the two lead inspectors in Iran from the International Atomic Energy Agen-cy, the IAEA people talk about so much. Oh, yeah, we can be comfortable that the Iran deal is a great deal be-cause those inspectors are carefully in-specting the facilities and any nuclear efforts in Iran. I even heard one of my friends, whom I have a great deal of respect for, on FOX News this week, saying that: Look, you can’t do anything with nu-clear material without being detected because there are isotopes that are eas-ily detectable, so the Iranians can’t do anything in the way of creating nu-clear weapons, moving nuclear mate-rial, without us knowing. I am not sure the source for those comments, but I am sure of the source of my comments. I was asking the two lead inspectors of Iran with the IAEA: Gee, we just sent $100 billion or more to Iran. If Iran were to take some of that money, or all of it, and buy ready- made nuclear weapons from Pakistan, which has them, from North Korea, can you guarantee us that they could not get those nuclear weapons into Iran without your knowing? And the answer was: Of course we cannot guarantee that. In fact, I was told that the IAEA could set up detection equipment in Iran, say, at an airport or wherever, but they could not set up the detection equipment anywhere without Iran knowing exactly where the detection equipment was; and unless Iran was foolish enough to either bring nuclear material or a nuclear weapon right be-side their detection equipment, then no, they would have no way to know whether Iran was bringing nuclear weapons or even nuclear material into Iran. So I am not sure where this other in-formation comes from, that you can’t do anything with nuclear material or weapons without the IAEA knowing, because that is news to the IAEA. They don’t know what they don’t know, but they know that they don’t know if somebody is trying to evade their de-tection equipment. It is that simple. So when you have an agreement with people who go out before, after, and during the negotiations and stir up crowds with chants like ‘‘Death to America,’’ and you tell people in your country that you want to see America gone, that it is the Great Satan, Israel is the Little Satan, you want them both wiped off the map, wiped off the face of the Earth, you want any evi-dence that we ever existed eliminated, then you are dealing with a country that cannot be trusted. Whether you call the radical Islamic leaders in Iran crazy, or just dogmatic jihadists, either way, they are a threat to America. And you send them money, they are likely going to spend it in a way that hurts America, kills Ameri-cans, kills Israelis, and makes Iran more dominant in the world. So all of us who took an oath to sup-port and defend the United States Con-stitution, if we are sending money to Iran, my opinion, we are grievously violating that oath because they are going to do all they can to subvert our Constitution and, they hope, be able to wipe us out. Of course, one of their points that was discussed in their Philadelphia meeting over 25 years ago—the FBI had evidence of the meeting and evidence of the things, their goals, what they wanted to accomplish. Well, one of their goals, over 25 years ago, these radical Islamists in America—one of their goals was to subvert the U.S. Constitution to sharia law. They believed the easiest way to sub-jugate the U.S. Constitution to their radicalized version of sharia law was to get—either through the courts, through the legislature, or through the U.N., and force countries to adopt what the U.N. passed as criminal laws in their own countries. There are people here who keep advocating for that. But get a law passed, one way or another, that, in essence, says you cannot say anything negative about radical Islam, and make that a crime, punishable by jail, prison, fine. So we have been moving that way; that is, in essence, what hate crimes are. Hate crimes, as I said back in 2007, ‘08, ‘09, when we were bringing this issue up, I said, really, you don’t need a hate crime statute. We were told: Oh, yes, you do, because look at what hap-pened outside of Jasper, Texas. Well, that is just south of my district. None of the people involved were constitu-ents. But when I heard about what hap-pened, three White men took an Afri-can American, had him drug behind their truck, tortured the poor man to death, I wouldn’t have a problem if Texas passed a law that said, in a situ-ation like that, somebody is found guilty; then the victim’s family, in that case, the Jasper victim, have their family select the manner that the de-fendant is to be drug and the terrain over which he is to be drug, and who will be dragging him across that ter-rain. If we passed a law like that, basi-cally, capital punishment, with a dif-ferent way of inflicting the capital punishment, I would not object. It is so outrageous what those three defend-ants did. But the ridiculous remedy that is proposed here in Congress was: We will fix that situation by providing punish-ment for hate in somebody’s heart, and we will be able to sentence you to life in prison. There is no death penalty for any Federal hate crime. Actually, this is how ludicrous the law was that was passed here in Con-gress. If someone were being tried for a hate crime because of the physical as-sault on someone else, the defendant would be totally, completely exoner-ated and held not guilty if he raises a reasonable doubt that, no, no, I didn’t choose somebody because of their race, gender, any type of group they were part of. No, I just wanted to arbitrarily kill somebody, abuse somebody. I didn’t care what group they were part of. Under the Federal law, that person would have to be acquitted of the Fed-eral hate crime because they chose their victim randomly, or at least raised reasonable doubt that they may have chosen the victim randomly so they are not guilty of this heinous crime. Whereas, under Texas law, if you harm somebody, it is not nearly as im-portant the feelings you have in your heart as what you did. And under Texas law, the two most culpable defendants in that case, in my opinion, properly got the death penalty, and the least culpable person got life in prison. So this case, which was heralded as the great poster case for why we need a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.058 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3926 May 10, 2018 
Federal hate crime, actually would di-minish the punishment that the de-fendants in a hate crime case would get. They couldn’t get the death pen-alty anymore. Oh, no; they will get life in a Federal prison instead of death under Texas law. We did not need that hate crime. And as I said years ago when this bill was being pushed, ultimately, what this hate crime bill will be used for is to punish Christians, Christian ministers, for reading verses directly out of the Bible, as has been done in Congress, in the House and Senate since the very beginning of this Nation. b1345 And now we are starting to see it being used as a threat against Chris-tians. We hear more and more people say the biggest hate group threat is Evangelical Christians. Well, if they are real Christians, they cannot have hate in their heart for oth-ers, and yet they are being called the biggest threat as potential hate crimi-nals. It needs to be changed. We need to punish people for what they do wrong, and not whether or not they had some improper thought in their head. But I am grateful that countries look at Donald Trump the way they looked at Ronald Reagan, because it is helpful historically. ‘‘Saturday Night Live,’’ seems like I recall Reagan’s character being por-trayed as walking around with a finger out wanting to push the red button so he could launch missiles with nuclear weapons on them, and the world said: Wow, this Reagan guy is really crazy. It is invaluable for foreign leaders to not be sure about the American Presi-dent, because that gives them more ne-gotiating power. It is kind of like a great poker play-er, except that Donald Trump indicates clearly he doesn’t bluff. And as he pointed out to North Korea, he is not bluffing. And though he would rather not take the actions that are required, he will take them, and I believe he will, and apparently Kim Jong-un be-lieved he would as well. So if you look historically, Teddy Roosevelt has his Navy go around the world. People are going: This guy is crazy. Look, he just sent his Navy around the world. You don’t know what this guy is going to do. Run up San Juan Hill? Who knows? This guy is a little bit crazy. And it always was help-ful in foreign relations. Now, Khrushchev took the measure of John F. Kennedy, very intelligent man, who wanted to protect America, but he was not decisive in his early days. Khrushchev scared him out of fol-lowing through on his promise to pro-vide air cover to those going into Cuba to try to eliminate Castro. Scared him off. Backed him off of his promise to provide him air support. So people were killed who were relying on President Kennedy’s promise. President Kennedy gave a speech and said, in essence: We are not going to let anybody build a wall and wall off part of Germany, Eastern Europe. And it was just, as I recall, a couple of weeks or so before Khrushchev ensured that the bricks were being laid and the wall was started. They had a meeting in Vienna, and President Kennedy told people he didn’t do well in the negotiating, that Khrushchev scared him and he didn’t represent America well. Well, that is not going to happen to Donald Trump. He is not going to go to into a negotiation with Kim Jong-un or the Ayatollah or anybody else and go in and come back out as President Ken-nedy did and confide: Wow, I really showed weakness. I didn’t do a good job. He scared me. That is not going to be our problem under President Donald Trump, and our country is going to be better off because of it. So I applaud President Trump for rightfully taking the step to discount and discontinue the farce that was the Iran treaty. It was not properly rati-fied. And even though I wish we had had President Trump in place to stop the hundred-plus billion dollars that Presi-dent Obama and John Kerry sent to the biggest suppliers of terrorism, no doubt that money will be used or has been used to kill Americans, but there is a new sheriff in town, and President Trump is going to make sure that doesn’t happen again. God bless him for stopping the Iranian farce. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY MATERIAL 
AGGREGATES , ALLOCATIONS , AND OTHER BUDG -
ETARY LEVELS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2019  
BUDGET RESOLUTION  
Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, section 30104 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, Public Law 115–123, requires the chairs of the House and Senate Budget Committees to sub-mit for printing in the Congressional Record committee allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels for fiscal year 2019. Pursuant to section 30104 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, I hereby submit for print-ing in the Congressional Record: (1) an alloca-tion for fiscal year 2019 for the House Com-mittee on Appropriations, (2) committee alloca-tions for fiscal year 2019 and for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028 for all commit-tees other than the Committee on Appropria-tions, and (3) aggregate spending levels for fiscal year 2019 and aggregate revenue levels for fiscal year 2019 and for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. In the case of allocations for committees other than the Committee on Appropriations and for the spending and revenue aggregates, the levels shall be consistent with the Con-gressional Budget Office’s most recent base-line, adjusted to account for any legislation en-acted since the date the most recent baseline was issued. This filing is made for technical purposes as required by section 30104 the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. Associated tables are at-tached. These committee allocations, aggre-gates, and other budgetary levels are made for the purposes of enforcing titles III and IV of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and other budgetary enforcement provisions. If there are any questions on these com-mittee allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels please contact Brad Watson or Mary Popadiuk of the Budget Committee staff. FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET TOTALS (On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars) Fiscal Year 2019 Fiscal Years 2019–2028 
Appropriate Level: Budget Authority ....................................... 3,747,016 n.a. Outlays ...................................................... 3,551,514 n.a. Revenues ................................................. 2,590,496 33,273,213 
n.a. = Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2020 through 2028 will not be considered until future sessions of Congress. 
ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 
(In millions of dollars) 2019 
Base Discretionary Action: ...................... BA 1,244,000 OT 1,296,937 Current Law Mandatory: ........................... BA 955,283 OT 949,351 
SPENDING AUTHORITY FOR HOUSE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES 
(On-budget amounts in millions of dollars) 2019 2019–2028 
Agriculture: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 79,138 798,019 OT 75,363 789,258 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 79,138 798,019 OT 75,363 789,258 Armed Services: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 168,445 1,726,658 OT 168,196 1,731,206 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 168,445 1,726,658 OT 168,196 1,731,206 Financial Services: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 10,945 93,416 OT 1,309 ¥15,600 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 10,945 93,416 OT 1,309 ¥15,600 Education & Workforce: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 5,533 101,151 OT ¥1,272 60,439 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 5,533 101,151 OT ¥1,272 60,439 Energy & Commerce: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 503,196 6,933,428 OT 491,423 6,843,460 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 503,196 6,933,428 OT 491,423 6,843,460 Foreign Affairs: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 43,383 380,040 OT 36,211 362,848 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 43,383 380,040 OT 36,211 362,848 Oversight & Government Reform: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 123,611 1,424,908 OT 121,472 1,386,092 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 123,611 1,424,908 OT 121,472 1,386,092 Homeland Security: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 2,325 26,861 OT 2,404 27,608 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 2,325 26,861 OT 2,404 27,608 House Administration: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 23 170 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10MY7.059 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3927 May 10, 2018 
SPENDING AUTHORITY FOR HOUSE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—Continued 
(On-budget amounts in millions of dollars) 2019 2019–2028 
OT ¥4 ¥41 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 23 170 OT ¥4 ¥41 Natural Resources: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 7,149 68,932 OT 6,286 67,606 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 7,149 68,932 OT 6,286 67,606 Judiciary: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 23,739 149,941 OT 16,123 160,588 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 23,739 149,941 OT 16,123 160,588 Transportation & Infrastructure: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 77,689 731,235 OT 17,366 180,979 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 77,689 731,235 OT 17,366 180,979 Science, Space & Technology: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 143 1,427 OT 126 1,383 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 143 1,427 OT 126 1,383 Small Business: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 0 0 OT 0 0 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 0 0 OT 0 0 Veterans Affairs: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 3,986 153,542 OT 5,681 156,605 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 3,986 153,542 OT 5,681 156,605 Ways & Means: April 2018 Baseline ......................... BA 1,192,661 16,896,406 OT 1,191,147 16,891,082 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
Total ............................................ BA 1,192,661 16,896,406 OT 1,191,147 16,891,082 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3210. An act to require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bu-reau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled joint resolution of the Senate of the following title: 
S.J. Res. 57. Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Fri-day, May 11, 2018, at 11 a.m. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4776. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Strategic and Critical Materials Operations Report To Congress: Operations under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Pil-ing Act during Fiscal Year 2017’’, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 98h-2(a); June 7, 1939, ch. 190, Sec. 11(a) (as amended by Public Law 103-35, Sec. 204(d)); (107 Stat. 103); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4777. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter stating that the report on defense contracting fraud, due no later than June 10, 2018, or 180 days after the enactment of the Act, will be submitted no later than the end of September 2018, pur-suant to Sec. 889 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for FY 2018; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 4778. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting the report presenting the specific amount of staff years of tech-nical effort (STE) to be allocated for each de-fense Federally Funded Research and Devel-opment Center (FFRDC) during the subse-quent FY 2019 and the associated budget esti-mates, pursuant to Sec. 8024(e) of H.R. 1625, Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018, Pub-lic Law 115-141; to the Committee on Armed Services. 4779. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter stating that in place of the Federally Funded Research and Development Center analysis, the Re-form Leader for Service Contracts and Cat-egory Management, welcomes the oppor-tunity to provide an update to Congress on the development of a budget request for the full Future Years Defense Program within the next six months, if desired, pursuant to House Report 115-404, Sec. 851, accompanying H.R. 2810, and the National Defense Author-ization Act for FY 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. 4780. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Special Operations/Low Intensity Conflict, Department of Defense, transmitting a re-port relating to ISIS captives, pursuant to House Report 115-404, the conference report accompanying H.R. 2810, and the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. 4781. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2016 Performance Report to Congress for the Of-fice of Combination Products, pursuant to the Medical Device User Fee and Moderniza-tion Act of 2002, Public Law 107-250; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4782. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 4783. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to significant narcotics traffickers centered in Colombia declared in Executive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, pur-suant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4784. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo that was declared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4785. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Sudan that was de-clared in Executive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4786. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s report on progress toward a negotiated solution of the Cyprus question covering the period of De-cember 1, 2016, through January 30, 2017, pur-suant to Sec. 620C(c) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, as amended, and in accord-ance with Sec. 1(a)(6) of Executive Order 13313; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4787. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report pursuant to Sec. 40(g)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4788. A letter from the Chief Justice, Su-preme Court of the United States, transmit-ting amendments to the Federal Rules of Ap-pellate Procedure that have been adopted by the Supreme Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 2072 (H. Doc. No. 115—121); to the Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed. 4789. A letter from the Chief Justice, Su-preme Court of the United States, transmit-ting amendments to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure that have been adopted by the Supreme Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 331 (H. Doc. No. 115—119); to the Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed. 4790. A letter from the Chief Justice, Su-preme Court of the United States, transmit-ting amendments to the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure that have been adopted by the Supreme Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 2072 (H. Doc. No. 115—120); to the Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed. 4791. A letter from the Chief Justice, Su-preme Court of the United States, transmit-ting amendments to the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure that have been adopt-ed by the Supreme Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 2075 (H. Doc. No. 115—122); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed. 4792. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Textron Aviation Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1120; Product Identi-fier 2017-CE-030-AD; Amendment 39-19244; AD 2018-07-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4793. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.036 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3928 May 10, 2018 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Textron Aviation Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0288; Product Identi-fier 2017-CE-007-AD; Amendment 39-19231; AD 2018-06-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4794. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0810; Product Identifier 2017- NM-045-AD; Amendment 39-19240; AD 2018-07- 09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4795. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0668; Product Identifier 2017-NE-17-AD; Amendment 39- 19236; AD 2018-07-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4796. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0805; Product Identifier 2017-NM-051-AD; Amendment 39-19235; AD 2018-07-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4797. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Embraer S.A. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1119; Product Identifier 2017-CE- 037-AD; Amendment 39-19241; AD 2018-07-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 23, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4798. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0170; Product Identifier 2017-SW- 091-AD; Amendment 39-19239; AD 2018-07-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 23, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4799. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Twin Falls, ID [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0969; Airspace Docket No.: 17- ANM-18] received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4800. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Re-stricted Areas R-2907C, R-2910B, R-2910C, and R2910E; Pinecastle, FL [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0103; Airspace Docket No.: 18-ASO-1] re-ceived April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4801. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31181; Amdt. No.: 3789] received April 23, 2018, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4802. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31182; Amdt. No.: 3790] received April 23, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4803. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of The President, transmitting a set of legisla-tive proposals to help streamline and im-prove the agility and efficiency of the Fed-eral acquisition processes; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Over-sight and Government Reform. 4804. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting additional legislative proposals that the Department of Defense requests be enacted during the second session of the 115th Congress; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services, Natural Resources, Over-sight and Government Reform, Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, Foreign Affairs, and Veterans’ Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1026. A bill to revise the authorized route of the North Country Na-tional Scenic Trail in northeastern Min-nesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–667). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 3746. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to clarify the authority of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection with respect to persons regulated by a State insurance regulator, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 668). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas): H.R. 5745. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 to direct Federal research in fossil energy and to promote the develop-ment and demonstration of environmentally responsible coal and natural gas tech-nologies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Transportation and In-frastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. AGUILAR (for himself, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. R USH, and Mr. C
ARBAJAL ): H.R. 5746. A bill to amend the Cyber Schol-arship Program of the Department of De-fense to require additional considerations in the award of scholarships and grants under the Program; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 5747. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come compensation of members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces who serve in support of certain oper-ations combating terrorism; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 5748. A bill to deauthorize portions of the project for raising and improving exist-ing levees on the Walluski River in Clatsop County, Oregon; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 5749. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to increase the risk-sensitivity of the capital treatment of certain centrally cleared options, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 5750. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to impose e-bonding re-quirements on certain nonimmigrant visa applicants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself, Mr. C
URTIS , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. S
TEWART ): H.R. 5751. A bill to redesignate Golden Spike National Historic Site and to establish the Transcontinental Railroad Network; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 5752. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the importation of certain drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C LAY, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M
CNERNEY , and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 5753. A bill to modify the require-ments applicable to locatable minerals on public domain lands, consistent with the principles of self-initiation of mining claims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. C
HABOT ): H.R. 5754. A bill to promote free and fair elections, political freedoms, and human rights in Cambodia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10MY7.000 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3929 May 10, 2018 
addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 5755. A bill to authorize community development block grants for providing tools, equipment, and other resources; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 5756. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to adjust certain resubmission thresholds for shareholder pro-posals; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-self and Mr. K
EATING ): H.R. 5757. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to expand the permissive exclusion from Federal health programs to include certain individuals with prior inter-est in sanctioned entities and entities affili-ated with sanctioned entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5758. A bill to direct the United States Postal Service to designate a single, unique ZIP Code for Fairlawn, Virginia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn-sylvania, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. H
UNTER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. C URTIS ): H.R. 5759. A bill to improve executive agen-cy digital services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. M
EEKS , and Mr. D ENT): H.R. 5760. A bill to provide for congres-sional review of the imposition of duties and other trade measures by the executive branch, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for him-self, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. H
ANABUSA ): H.R. 5761. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to submit to the Congress on a biennial basis a national plan to reduce the rate of maternal mortality; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and Mr. K
INGof New York): H.R. 5762. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize a Joint Task Force to enhance integration of the De-partment of Homeland Security’s border se-curity operations to detect, interdict, dis-rupt, and prevent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. N OR-
TON): H.R. 5763. A bill to implement the Agree-ment on the Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY  of New York, and Ms. P
INGREE ): H.R. 5764. A bill to amend the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 to require peer review for value-added agricultural product market development grants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER ): H.R. 5765. A bill to amend the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 to extend the avail-ability of identity protection coverage to in-dividuals whose personally identifiable infor-mation was compromised during recent data breaches at Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 5766. A bill to improve the security of public areas of transportation facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. M
ESSER ): H.R. 5767. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to award grants to establish teacher leader development programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. D
EGETTE ): H.R. 5768. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve access to dia-betes outpatient self-management training services, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 5769. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand access under the Medicare program to addiction treat-ment in Federally qualified health centers and rural health clinics; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5770. A bill to direct the Attorney General to amend certain regulations so that practitioners may administer not more than 3 days’ medication to a person at one time when administering narcotic drugs for the purpose of relieving acute withdrawal symp-toms; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self and Mr. C
UELLAR ): H.R. 5771. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow the deduction for charitable contributions as an above-the-line deduction; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 5772. A bill to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. G AL-
LAGHER , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. G
IANFORTE ): H.J. Res. 134. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of terms an individual may serve as a Member of Con-gress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H. Res. 886. A resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the Brooke rule is es-sential to ensuring affordable rent levels for families receiving Federal rental assistance; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. FASO (for himself and Mr. C
OURTNEY ): H. Res. 887. A resolution supporting the designation of May as ‘‘National Lyme Dis-ease Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. DEMINGS: H. Res. 888. A resolution reaffirming sup-port for increased media diversity, express-ing support for the recognition of the month of May as ‘‘Media Diversity Month’’, and en-couraging appreciation, awareness, and sup-port for small, independent, diverse, and local media entities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, Mr. C
ARSON of In-diana, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. S OTO, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia): H. Res. 889. A resolution recognizing the commencement of Ramadan, the Muslim holy month of fasting and spiritual renewal, and commending Muslims in the United States and throughout the world for their faith; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio (for himself, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. K
APTUR ): H. Res. 890. A resolution recognizing the National Association of Letter Carriers’ one- day food drive; to the Committee on Agri-culture. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
196. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Hawaii, rel-ative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 220, urging Congress and the Federal Com-munications Commission to codify a defini-tion of the ‘‘Public Interest Standard’’ for the broadcasting industry; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 197. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Hawaii, relative to House Con-current Resolution No. 109, urging the Presi-dent of the United States and the United States Congress to grant full veterans bene-fits to Filipino veterans who fought in World War II but were subsequently denied the ben-efits to which they were entitled; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10MY7.100 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3930 May 10, 2018 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5745. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 5746. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 5747. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Amendment.l6. ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without ap-portionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumera-tion’’ By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 5748. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 5749. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 5750. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 5 of Article I Section 8. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 5751. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3 By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 5752. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section. 8, Clause 3—‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power . . . To regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 5753. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3 By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 5754. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 5755. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. DUFFY: H .R. 5756. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 5757. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5758. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KHANNA: H.R. 5759. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section IX, clause VII, of the United States By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5760. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—‘‘the United States Congress shall have power ‘‘To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations’’ By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: H.R. 5761. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 5762. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VII, Clause 3 By Mr. LOWENTHAL: H.R. 5763. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5764. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5765. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. PAYNE: 
H.R. 5766. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3—Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 5767. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. REED: H.R. 5768. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 5769. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5770. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 5771. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 5772. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 9 (To constitute Tribunals in-ferior to the Supreme Court) By Mr. ARRINGTON: H.J. Res. 134. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V (Article 5—Mode of Amendment) The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Pur-poses, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Ar-ticle; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 3: Mr. S CALISE . H.R. 35: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 173: Mr. H
URDand Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 203: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 233: Ms. L
OFGREN and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 237: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 548: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 869: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 980: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 1046: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 1048: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 1078: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1142: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H.R. 1205: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 1212: Mr. K
INDand Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 1270: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 1276: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1305: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 1318: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY . H.R. 1322: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama and Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 1358: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 1409: Mr. R
USHand Mr. G OWDY . H.R. 1622: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1683: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1772: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 1828: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1881: Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1972: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 2076: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 2147: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 2234: Mr. S
CHIFF . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.022 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3931 May 10, 2018 
H.R. 2369: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2570: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 2591: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 2623: Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 2640: Mr. T
AKANO and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2803: Mr. L
ANCE and Mr. N ORMAN . H.R. 2845: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 2856: Mr. R
ENACCI and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 3030: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. L EE, and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 3032: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3160: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3331: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mrs. H AN-
DEL. H.R. 3409: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 3528: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 3605: Mr. K
IND, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. W
ELCH , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3613: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 3832: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 3931: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 3940: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 4114: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4253: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 4256: Mr. L
AMBORN and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4275: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 4284: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 4345: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 4391: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4472: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 4571: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4606: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4680: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4682: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 4684: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 4691: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 4760: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 4841: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 4881: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4897: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. P
ETERSON , and Ms. S HEA-PORTER . H.R. 4941: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4953: Mr. G
OMEZ and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4983: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 5001: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 5038: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 5060: Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. F ASO, and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 5102: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 5105: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 5132: Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. H UNTER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 5138: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 5153: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 5171: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 5223: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 5251: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 5353: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5358: Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 5385: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 5424: Ms. C
HENEY . H.R. 5435: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 5460: Mr. L
ANCE and Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5467: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 5524: Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 5531: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5573: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5600: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5634: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5640: Mr. COMER . H.R. 5674: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. R UTHER -
FORD , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida, Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. D
UNN, Mr. A RRINGTON , Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. B
OST, and Mr. C OFF-
MAN. H.R. 5677: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 5681: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 5684: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5693: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 5698: Mr. D
UNNand Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5710: Mr. J
EFFRIES and Mr. T HOMPSON  of Mississippi. H.R. 5728: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5736: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.J. Res. 129: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H. Res. 401: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H. Res. 785: Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. B ACON , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H. Res. 835: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H. Res. 861: Mr. K
HANNA . H. Res. 881: Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. K INGof Iowa. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 60: Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 1468: Ms. M
CSALLY . H. Res. 774: Mr. C
RAWFORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY7.028 H10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2599 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 10, 2018 No. 76 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. God of hope and love, through all the length of changing years, Your good-ness never fails. Help us to know that to embrace Your counsel is the way to find the road to abundant life. Sustain our Senators. Empower them to walk blamelessly and honor You by doing what is right. Lord, prosper the works of their hands, and use them to help our Nation and world reflect the greatness of Your Kingdom. May their mouths speak wis-dom and their hearts possess a knowl-edge of Your holiness, as You sanctify them through Your truth. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
RELEASE OF AMERICAN PRIS-ONERS IN NORTH KOREA AND NOMINATION OF GINA HASPEL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, let me begin this morning with grati-tude to Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. Overnight, he completed a sensitive diplomatic mission and re-turned home from North Korea with three freed American prisoners. The families of these three men, and the en-tire country, are so grateful. This episode offers just one more ex-ample of the complex, relentless for-eign policy challenges that confront our country. Clearly, America was for-tunate that our new Secretary of State was prepared to execute his respon-sibilities from day one. Leadership and expertise matter. Yesterday, our colleagues on the In-telligence Committee heard from an-other well-prepared leader, Gina Haspel—President Trump’s selection to head the Central Intelligence Agency. Ms. Haspel’s testimony showcased the judgment and poise that have defined her 33-year career of selfless service with the Agency. Her testimony con-firmed what her gold standard resume and her bipartisan support from sea-soned national security leaders had ac-tually already told us: Gina Haspel has the experience, the talent, and the unique skill set to excel in this impor-tant job at this important moment. Since 1985, she served the Nation in clandestine operations around the globe and rose to the highest levels of Agency leadership. True to the best traditions of intelligence professionals, numerous former Directors have lauded her qualifications, notwithstanding whether their service was for Demo-cratic or Republican administrations. Her nomination carries the full- throated endorsement of 53 of our Na-tion’s most respected national security leaders. Today, more than ever, the value of Ms. Haspel’s insights and experiences cannot be understated. Her career has encompassed both the Cold War and the ongoing Global War on Terror. In a moment when our national security de-mands excellence in each of these areas—great power competition and counterterrorism alike—Ms. Haspel stands uniquely ready to assume the responsibilities of CIA Director as per-haps its most qualified candidate in the Agency’s history. As the Intelligence Committee continues its consideration, I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-port this fine nominee. We will all sleep better at night knowing Gina Haspel is on the job. f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on another matter, today the Senate continues our work to confirm Presi-dent Trump’s well-qualified judicial nominees. Yesterday, we confirmed Kurt Engelhardt to the Fifth Circuit by a significant bipartisan margin. The nominee now before us, Michael Brennan, is similarly qualified. His nomination carries bipartisan support from the people who know him best, in-cluding the endorsement of more than 30 current and former peers in Wis-consin. In the words of one such col-league, Mr. Brennan possesses ‘‘the mind, heart, and soul of a great jurist.’’ It is not too surprising, then, that the American Bar Association has awarded Mr. Brennan its highest rating, unani-mously—unanimously—‘‘well-quali-fied.’’ I look forward to voting to confirm Mr. Brennan later today. Later, we will be voting to advance two more circuit court nominees: Joel Carson and John Nalbandian. Each possesses their own set of sterling qualifications, each comes recommended widely by those who have worked closely with them, and each deserves to be confirmed by this body and take their place on the Federal bench. Our friends across the aisle aren’t making it easy, but despite the historic obstruction, this Senate will continue to do what it takes to process and con-firm the President’s fine nominees for these important posts. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on one final matter, later today, Presi-dent Trump is visiting the great State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.000 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2600 May 10, 2018 
of Indiana. He is joining Hoosiers to celebrate the new jobs and prosperity our Republican agenda is delivering to communities in Indiana and all over the country. After years of Democratic policies that made life harder for job creators, the United States of America is officially open for business once again. Surveys show that since President Trump and this Republican Congress were elected, the percentage of small and independent employers feeling con-fident about expanding their businesses has nearly tripled. The amount that employers spend on wages, salaries, and benefits for American workers grew more in 2017 than in any calendar year of the Obama administration. The number of Americans receiving unem-ployment benefits is the lowest—the lowest—since 1973. Let me say that again. The number of Americans re-ceiving unemployment benefits is the lowest it has been since 1973. Richard Nixon was in the White House back then. Republicans have focused like a laser on getting Washington out of the way. More job opportunities, higher pay, and greater prosperity are already reaching middle-class Americans. My colleague Senator Y
OUNG has been sharing some of the great news that awaits the President when he gets to Indiana. He has heard from constitu-ents like Donald from Noblesville. Don-ald said: 
I don’t consider myself rich, but applying next year’s tax changes to this year’s in-come, I’ll pay over $1,000 less in taxes next year. Everyone benefits with the new tax cuts. 
A Bloomington resident named Cathy said this about her husband’s tax re-form bonus: 
We have never had this happen. It was much appreciated. 
First Farmers Bank & Trust is rais-ing wages, writing employee bonus checks, and investing more in develop-ment for the communities it serves, with 34 branches all across Indiana. There are stories like these being written all over the country—largely because Republicans rolled back job- killing regulations and cut taxes sig-nificantly for working families and for small businesses. Oddly, our Democratic colleagues can’t bring themselves to admit this is a good thing. Even when the facts show our growing economy is making life better for middle-class Americans, they try to shrug off the facts and fall back on the same old class warfare rhetoric. Even when people like Donald and Cathy explain how tax reform is helping them, Democrats scoff at their household finances, saying multi-thou-sand-dollar tax cuts are just ‘‘crumbs.’’ Crumbs? Maybe in New York or San Francisco, but in Kentucky, where I come from, working families don’t see their tax cuts, bonuses, and pay raises as crumbs. I have a hunch it is the same in Indiana. It is curious that only one of Indi-ana’s Senators voted to give Hoosiers these tax cuts and these new job oppor-tunities. Indiana’s senior Senator voted in lockstep with Democratic leaders to block tax reform from ever taking effect. Instead of working with Republicans and the President to keep the new prosperity coming, he and his colleagues have chosen to obstruct and resist on nearly every subject. Just the other day, the Democratic leader in the House declared she plans to campaign on repealing the tax re-form—that is, the Democratic leader in the U.S. House—campaign on repealing the tax reform. Tax cuts versus tax hikes, that is about as clear a contrast as you can imagine. Fortunately, for Hoosiers, Kentuckians, and all the other communities that are finally growing again after years of atrophy, Republicans will defend the American people’s tax cuts and defend their new jobs. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Michael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, later today the Senate will vote on the confirmation of Michael Brennan to the Seventh Circuit over the objections of one of his home-State Senators, Ms. B
ALDWIN , who has not returned a blue slip on his nomination. It is an abject breach of senatorial courtesy that both parties have long respected. In fact, the seat Mr. Bren-nan will fill on the Seventh Circuit has been held open for 6 years by the senior Senator from Wisconsin, Mr. J
OHNSON , via the same process, the blue slip. When Barack Obama was President and when PATRICK LEAHY was chairman of the Judiciary Committee, we Demo-crats obeyed the blue slip, and it led that seat to be vacant for 6 years. Now that the shoe is on the other foot, the Republican majority will ignore the blue-slip rights of the Democratic Sen-ator even though it fervently believes that we ought to listen to the rights of the Republican Senator from Wis-consin. The actions of the Republican leader erode one of the few remaining customs in the Senate that forces con-sultation and consensus on judicial nominations. In the grand scheme of things, the vote may seem to some of my col-leagues on the other side like a small one—one judge for one circuit court. But in truth, the vote on Mr. Brennan is a death by a thousand cuts of the grand tradition of bipartisanship and comity in the U.S. Senate. I know all too well that there is plenty of blame to go around on both sides of the aisle, but if we don’t take a step back now, the Senate will soon become a rubberstamp or graveyard for Presi-dential nominees, rendering our advice and consent nearly meaningless. I understand the pressure on the leader from the hard right. They want judges who are not bipartisan. They wanted a judge in this case who did not go through a bipartisan judicial panel, composed of both Democrats and Re-publicans, who have always sent us judges from Wisconsin. Two were sent, but, instead, Brennan, who couldn’t get through the panel, was sent. This is so wrong. This goes beyond what we have seen done before. When Leader M
CCONNELL changed the rules on the Supreme Court—which we didn’t—many on the other side, I un-derstand, said: Well, that is tit for tat because Democrats changed the rules on the lower courts. But the blue-slip tradition has always been obeyed. We didn’t change that. We could have. We could have stuffed through our nomi-nees with no Republican support, but we didn’t. I hope for the sake of comity that one or two of my Republican colleagues will stand up and vote against Mr. Brennan’s nomination, not because of his beliefs—which they may agree with, for all I know—but for the sake of the Senate, for the grand tradition of the Senate, for the right afforded to every Senator to consult on judges from their State, minority or majority, and most of all, for the traditions that have held this body together for more than two centuries and separated it from the more partisan Chamber on the other end of the Capitol. 
RELEASE OF AMERICAN HOSTAGES IN NORTH  
KOREA  
Madam President, on another mat-ter—North Korea—early this morning, the three American hostages who were being held in North Korea were re-turned home. It was great to see them come home, back in America, back with their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.002 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2601 May 10, 2018 
It is a wonderful thing, but the exul-tation by the President and others of the greatness of North Korea doing this evades me. We can’t be fooled into giv-ing the North Korean regime credit for returning Americans who never should have been detained in the first place. American citizens are not diplomatic bargaining chips. While we celebrate the return of the three Americans, for the sake of their freedom and their families, we should not feel as if we need to give Kim Jong Un anything in return. It is troubling to hear President Trump say that Kim Jong Un treated the Americans excellently. Kim Jong Un is a dictator. He capriciously de-tained American citizens, robbed them of their freedom, and didn’t let them go home to their families. Their release should not be exalted; it should be ex-pected. It is no great accomplishment of Kim Jong Un to do this. When the President does this, he weakens American foreign policy and puts Americans at risk around the world. If our adversaries look at what the President has said in reaction to Kim Jong Un, why shouldn’t they de-tain American citizens and get a huge pat on the back when they release them? It is like so many of the President’s foreign policy actions—quick, not thought through, related to show and to ego. If our adversaries from Iran to China who already wrongfully hold Americans think they can get some-thing—praise, standing, diplomatic concessions—by unlawfully detaining Americans in their country, you can bet they will try. These are bad people, the leaders of these dictatorships like Iran. So I caution the administration. We are all rooting for diplomacy to suc-ceed on the Korean Peninsula, but we cannot sacrifice the safety of American citizens around the world in exchange for an illusory veneer of peace. I worry that this President, in his eagerness to get acclaim and a photo op, will strike a quick and bad deal, not a strong and lasting one. President Trump and Sec-retary Pompeo must seek strong, verifiable, enduring commitments from North Korea to disarm. 
NUCLEAR DEAL WITH IRAN  
Madam President, now on oil prices and Iran, earlier this week the Presi-dent exited the Iran deal. We all know that. Even as someone who opposed the deal—which I did because I thought it was flawed; I thought President Obama and Secretary Kerry should have wait-ed longer and given more time for the sanctions to bite, and we would have gotten a stronger and better deal. I still believe that. But once the deal is in place, it seems to me that we should not be focused on undoing this deal. We don’t want a nuclear Iran. That is one of the reasons I opposed the deal. But there is no report from anybody, in-cluding our own intelligence, that Iran is violating that part of the deal. In the meantime, Iran is doing some very bad things. It is not a country we should admire or respect in any way— the leadership, anyway. They are try-ing to develop an ICBM. They are cre-ating havoc with the Houthis in Yemen. Worst of all, in my opinion, the greatest immediate danger is that there are Iranian Revolutionary Guard troops in Syria, right near Israel’s bor-der, and hundreds, if not thousands, of deadly rockets that Iran gives to Hezbollah, a militant terrorist organi-zation. They placed them in Lebanon where they have hegemony in certain areas. That is the greatest danger to Israel. That is the greatest danger to peace in the Middle East. Down the road, it will be the greatest danger to the United States, at least in the next several years. What we should be doing is not undoing this deal right now but cre-ating new sanctions and telling Iran that if they continue giving missiles to Hezbollah, if they continue sending troops to Iran, if they continue their activities with the Houthis and the placing of additional missiles, we will put on additional sanctions. That is the smartest thing to do, and that is what is most in need now, given Amer-ica’s and the world’s security needs. But we need our allies to do it. Sanctions don’t work when they are unilateral. We learned that in South Africa years ago with apartheid. Only when the sanctions became broad and enacted by many nations did they have an effect. It is the same situation here. The United States, by pulling out of the agreement and getting our Euro-pean allies’ noses way out of joint, makes it far harder to enact new sanc-tions on what I perceive to be the greatest dangers we face. There is one other thing Americans should realize about pulling out of the Iran deal, and that is it affects gasoline prices across the country. According to the U.S. Energy Information Adminis-tration, gas prices will rise over the summer, and the average American family can expect to pay $200 more this driving season than last. The Iran deal is certainly some part of that. For mid-dle-class families, $200 this summer is more than the tax break they will get, if they get one at all. When President Trump makes rash decisions without consideration of the consequences and no coherent strategy, which is what has happened with Iran, the American people pay the price in many different ways: security, the de-clining ability to find and go after the greatest dangers we face with Iran, and money out of our own pocketbooks with an increase in gasoline prices. One of the ways Americans will pay for President Trump’s unthought-out deci-sion to exit the Iran deal will be at the gas pump this summer. So again, to repeat, I didn’t think the deal was a good deal; still, I am proud I voted no. But at this time, in this place, and for so many reasons, pulling out precipitously without our allies in-volved does not achieve anything, does not achieve the goals we need to achieve, and hurts Americans in dif-ferent ways. PRESCRIPTION DRUG PRICES  
Madam President, finally, on pre-scription drugs, tomorrow the Presi-dent will give a speech on another im-portant topic in American healthcare: the high cost of prescription drug prices. He is right to give that speech. Americans suffer from the highest pre-scription drug costs in the developed world. On average, Americans pay over $850 a year on prescription drugs, com-pared to an average of $400 across 19 other industrialized nations. Remem-ber, that is on average. If you are sick and need one specific new drug on the market for your condi-tion, you could be paying in the tens of thousands of dollars per month for that drug. Sometimes that new drug isn’t much different from one already on the market and hasn’t been proven to be more effective. Sometimes pharma-ceutical companies intentionally cor-ner the market on the drug and raise prices by absurd percentages. We saw that with Mr. Shkreli, and there is no cop on the beat to stop the Shkrelis of the world. It is outrageous, venal, and hurts seniors, the infirm, and regular middle-class families every day. We ought to do something about it. That is why Democrats make lowering the cost of prescription drugs a central pillar of our Better Deal agenda. We propose that there should be greater transparency from companies when they are proposing to increase the prices of their drugs. We propose allow-ing the government to negotiate for lower drug prices and to establish an office that would go after the most egregious companies and actors who are raising prices on drugs for no rea-son—price-gouging enforcement. If we were in the majority, these policies would be our top priorities. Hopefully, President Trump will get on board. In fact, I agree with a lot of what President Trump has already said on the issue. He said that the drug companies are ‘‘getting away with murder’’ and in the State of the Union Address he said: 
One of my greatest priorities is to reduce the price of prescription drugs. Prices will come down. 
President Trump’s rhetoric focuses on a problem that we have to address, and we hope sincerely that tomorrow he will follow through on that rhetoric with a tough and detailed plan to achieve what we both wish to achieve. But so far, President Trump has taken little action to downgrade the price of prescription drugs. He installed a former top executive of a pharma-ceutical company, Alex Azar, to be the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices. Now, 6 months before the election, without consulting Democrats or Re-publicans on the Hill, he will give a speech tomorrow on his plan to bring down the cost of prescription drugs. We welcome the newfound attention. We sincerely hope the President out-lines a clear, strong plan in detail 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.004 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2602 May 10, 2018 
about how to tackle this incredible problem. Another ‘‘all hat and no cat-tle’’ speech will not get the job done. More rhetoric, more half measures will not move the needle. We need to do something bold and ef-fective to bring down the outrageous cost of prescription drugs, and we Democrats have a good, strong pro-posal. We hope he will embrace it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, let me just say, as a personal matter, this is the first time I have seen you presiding in the Senate. It is a nice sight, and I welcome you. I am here today to talk about the eroding and perhaps even vanishing tradition that we refer to in the Senate as the blue slip. People don’t nec-essarily know what a blue slip is, but there has been a tradition with respect to U.S. attorneys, local U.S. district judges, U.S. marshals, and the seats on the U.S. circuit courts of appeals that are by tradition associated with a par-ticular State. With respect to all of those nominations, there has been a tradition that they require the ap-proval of the home State Senators. The mechanism for that approval is called a blue slip, and there actually is a blue slip. The tradition in the Senate Judiciary Committee that was very rigorously enforced most recently by Chairman L
EAHY , when he was chairman, is that a nominee for one of those offices does not get a hearing and cannot proceed without the blue slip of the home State Senators. I commend the ranking member on the Judiciary Committee, Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , on the great work she has done on the minor-ity report she led that describes the history of the blue slip and the extent to which what we are doing today is a break with that tradition. What provokes this is the nomina-tion of Michael Brennan to proceed without a blue slip having been re-turned by his home State Senator, Ms. B
ALDWIN . Obviously this signals a dis-respect to the local Senators with re-spect to the office for which they here-tofore had a blue slip. It also rep-resents a very significant shift of power in Washington from this body, from this Chamber, to the Oval Office, which is a little bit unusual. Politics come and politics go, but it is rare for a political body like the Senate to will-ingly and willfully emasculate itself to some degree and transfer all of that power down to the executive branch and to the Oval Office. I think there is a quite significant price to be paid for this choice. Representing Rhode Island, we are on the First Circuit Court of Appeals. There is one seat—we are not a very big State; we have just one seat—on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, more properly, that is denomi-nated as the Rhode Island seat. It is now occupied by a terrific judge, the Honorable Rogeriee Thompson, whom Senator REEDand I had a very signifi-cant role in getting appointed to that position. Should she step down, that vacancy would ordinarily be seen as the Rhode Island seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, and we would expect that we would be con-sulted and that our blue slips would be honored with respect to a nominee the President—whichever President— wished to push through. Without divulging too many con-fidences, I will say that there was some considerable back-and-forth with the Obama administration in order for Sen-ator R
EEDand me to get the assurances we needed that judges we approved of would be appointed. What I can’t figure out is how the tradition of circuit courts of appeals seats having an affiliation with a par-ticular State survives this decision to stop honoring blue slips for circuit courts of appeals. Every single Senator in this Chamber represents a State that lays claim to a certain seat—or a certain number of seats for the big States—on our circuit courts of ap-peals, but the only thing that undergirds that is the blue slip. The notion that there is a Rhode Island seat on the First Circuit or a Texas seat on the Fifth Circuit or New York seats on the Second Circuit or Cali-fornia seats on the Ninth Circuit or an Alaska seat on the Ninth Circuit doesn’t exist in the Constitution. It doesn’t exist in law. It exists by virtue of traditions of the Senate, and the only tool that gives that tradition any teeth at all is the blue slip. So what happens if we, on a categor-ical basis, decide that circuit court of appeals nominees are no longer subject to the home State blue slip? (Mr. SULLIVAN assumed the Chair.) At that point, there is no method for assuring that there is any home State affiliation for that seat whatsoever. A future President could choose to put a New York judge, a Tennessee judge, or an Alaska judge into the so-called Rhode Island seat on the First Circuit. Contrarily, if a so-called Alaska seat on the Ninth Circuit opened up, a fu-ture President could put a Rhode Is-lander into that seat because the only mechanism preventing that from hap-pening is the fact that we honor each other’s blue slip. That is the only mechanism that protects this long tra-dition that the seats on the U.S. cir-cuit courts of appeals are associated with particular home States. So in this mad rush to get circuit judges confirmed—a rush that has com-pletely overwhelmed this body and that has just completely stampeded the tradition of the blue slip—one of the prices that we will pay is that there is no longer any mechanism to enforce that any seat on any circuit court of appeals in this country has any asso-ciation with any State. I have been joined by my distin-guished colleague from Massachusetts on the floor. Massachusetts is a bigger State than Rhode Island. Massachu-setts has several seats that the Massa-chusetts delegation would claim as the Massachusetts seats on the First Cir-cuit if and when an opening should occur in those seats. But with no blue slip, how does that stay a Massachu-setts seat? How do we have any voice in this whatsoever if there is no blue slip? We could easily end up in a situation in which all of the circuit courts of ap-peals have essentially been national-ized. I think there are a great number of lawyers who would more than hap-pily pull up stakes and travel to an-other location. The distinguished Pre-siding Officer from Alaska and I have had conversations about the enormous reach of the Ninth Circuit. That al-ready takes quite a lot of traveling. For a lawyer to have the distinction of being able to be a U.S. court of appeals judge—let’s say that I have to pull up stakes and move from Texas to Rhode Island—there are plenty of lawyers who would do that. I urge my colleagues—as we undo this blue slip—to think about where this road ends, because a few years from now, if there is a President of a different party and there are circuit court nominees who come up, our Re-publican colleagues who have sup-ported the abandonment of the blue slip will have no objection and no com-plaint—no legitimate objection and no legitimate complaint—if seats that are nominally the Alaska seat, the Massa-chusetts seat, the Rhode Island seat on the circuit get simply given to some-body else. There is no mechanism to prevent that if we don’t honor the blue slip. That entire tradition falls right behind the collapse of the blue slip for the circuit courts of appeals. Of course, it is a massive transfer of power from this body to the Oval Of-fice, which is obviously fine with our Republican friends now, given the iden-tity of the person who is in the Oval Office, but that is not forever. Changes like this are forever. So we need to think this through. I will close by saying this. Why is it that we would behave in such a pecu-liar way with respect to the institution that we love and serve, as to basically disable ourselves with respect to local control over circuit court of appeals nominees and transfer that entire power down to the Oval Office? Why would we do that? That is peculiar be-havior. When you look to the heavens and you see peculiar behavior from heav-enly bodies, you look for an expla-nation. One of the reasons we know that dark stars and black holes exist is because they create peculiar behavior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.005 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2603 May 10, 2018 
in the heavenly bodies around them. What might be the dark star that is causing the peculiar behavior of the Senate in willfully disabling its own power and authority with respect to nominations for circuit courts of ap-peals? What could explain the other-wise inexplicable dismantling of our own tradition and our own authority in this area? I submit that there is a $17.9 million donation that was brought to bear on the nomination of Judge Garland—the obstruction of that nomination—and the subsequent nomination of Judge Gorsuch from one donor. One anony-mous donor put nearly $18 million into an effort to manipulate that process. That is not what has gone wrong with the Courts of Appeals, but it is a signal of powerful political interests out there seeking control over judicial nominees. For what other reason would an indi-vidual donor anonymously spend near-ly $18 million? That is just one donor. There is plenty of anonymous money flowing into operations that seek to get specific types of people into robes. My concern is that it is the power of special interests that is the dark star that is causing the Senate to undergo this deformation of its traditions—this relinquishment of our individual power as Senators and our group power as a branch of government. It is special interest power that is driving this. There are special inter-ests, such as the gun lobby, that would like to be able to go into a court and know that they have a judge who is predisposed in their favor. There are special interests, such as anti-choice groups, that would like to go into court and know that they have a judge who is predisposed in their favor. The actual very dark money forces that are meddling in our politics are desperate to show up in court when the question of dark money is litigated and have a judge who they know is predisposed in their favor. There are business interests that seek to disable, diminish, and hobble courts and juries, and provide people home cooking arbitration alternatives to their constitutional right to go to court and to face a jury of their peers. They are very interested in seeing to it that when they appear in court on those issues, they have a judge who they believe is predisposed in their in-terests. I cannot think of another reason why the Senate, as an institution, after all this time, would unilaterally disable itself, would unilaterally emasculate itself with respect to the role of the se-lection of our circuit court of appeals nominees. I think this is a day that we will come to regret because that first step to get Judge Brennan confirmed may seem very attractive and appealing to a great many of my colleagues, but once you have crossed that Rubicon with that first step, there is no path that I can see that protects the right of individual Senators to assert an inter-est in a specific seat or a number of seats on the circuit courts of appeals. I think we have more or less taken an irrevocable step toward national-izing the appointments of all circuit court of appeals nominees, and we will look back on this day and say: What fools we were. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I want to start by thanking my colleague from Rhode Island for both his power-ful analysis of the influence of money on the selection of our judicial nomi-nees and also for his point about the blue slip and the implications of what this means for an independent judici-ary. He has been a strong voice on this for a long time, and I think his speech on it was extraordinary and something that I hope everyone listens to and pays attention to. We are facing an unprecedented at-tack on our courts. This week, once again, Senator M
CCONNELL has sched-uled confirmation votes on a slate of extremist judicial court nominees— nominees who have demonstrated that they are not committed to the prin-ciples of equal justice under law. In this administration, Senate Repub-licans have been working at breakneck speed to jam our courts with pro-cor-porate, narrowminded elitists who will tilt the scales of justice in favor of the rich and powerful and against everyone else. They are willing to bend and break and change every rule in the book to do it. Their latest strategy is to ignore the blue slip. For over a century, home- State Senators have played a critical role in the judicial confirmation proc-ess by using something called a blue slip to determine whether a judicial nomination should move forward. The Senate Judiciary Committee has his-torically refused to move forward on a nomination without a blue slip from both home-State Senators. In fact, dur-ing the Obama administration, Senate Republicans insisted on maintaining that rule, refusing to move forward on any judicial nominee who did not se-cure blue slips from both home State Senators. They even stretched the rule beyond all reasonable bounds to stop fairminded, mainstream nominees from being confirmed. But now that Donald Trump is in the White House, Repub-licans have changed their tune. In order to force extremist nominees onto our courts, they are willing to toss the blue slip right out the window. Michael Brennan, President Trump’s nominee to serve on the Seventh Cir-cuit Court of Appeals, is just the latest example. Even though Mr. Brennan did not receive a blue slip from both home- State Senators, Senate Republicans moved forward on his nomination. Per-haps the ultimate irony is that when President Obama nominated another candidate to fill this very same seat, Mr. Brennan penned a strong defense of Senator JOHNSON ’s decision to withhold his blue slip. Now that the shoe is on the other foot, those principles have magically disappeared. Let’s be clear here. There are plenty of reasons for any Senator to be con-cerned about Mr. Brennan’s fitness to serve on the Federal bench. I will just mention a few. Mr. Brennan has mocked millions of hard-working women who have faced sexism and obstacles to advancement. He has dismissed the idea of a glass ceiling. Mr. Brennan has defended a Wis-consin law that added unnecessary bar-riers to women who were seeking ac-cess to abortion, even in the case of rape or incest. Mr. Brennan supports criminal sen-tencing policies that slap low-level of-fenders with long jail sentences and ex-acerbate the problem of mass incarcer-ation in America. And it gets worse. Mr. Brennan be-lieves that it is A-OK for judges to refuse to follow binding court prece-dent when the judge just thinks it is incorrect. Now, that is extreme. But Senate Republicans have shown that they just don’t care. They are willing to do whatever it takes to hand over our courts to moneyed interests. 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
There are many other radical nomi-nees who are also in line. I want to take some time to talk about one of them, but I think it is important to ex-plain just what is at stake here. In 2015, I was honored to join thou-sands of marchers to commemorate the anniversary of Bloody Sunday. On that chilly March morning 53 years ago, hundreds of nonviolent voting rights advocates, including many poor and rural African Americans who had been systemically shut out of the political process, joined together to march 54 miles from Selma to Montgomery to demand equal access to their constitu-tional right to vote. As they crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge, the march-ers, including my friend Congressman J
OHN LEWIS, came face-to-face with a wall of State troopers armed with billy clubs. The troopers had one message for the marchers: Turn back. Don’t fight this fight. It is not worth it. Fully aware that they were putting their lives on the line, the protesters decided it was worth it. They held their ground. As the protesters fell to their knees to pray, they were brutally at-tacked by the State troopers. As television footage and pictures of the brutality that day ricocheted across America, the country was forced to grapple with an ugly truth: In a country that is supposed to be a beacon of democracy, many citizens had sys-tematically been stripped of the funda-mental right to vote. The march set in motion the signing of the Voting Rights Act of 1965—a landmark law that banned racially dis-criminatory voting practices. I wish I could say the fight for voting rights ended that day—the day President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.007 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2604 May 10, 2018 
Johnson signed that law—but it didn’t. Even today, powerful forces combine to strip Americans of their lawful right to vote. States have passed restrictive voter ID laws, purged voting rolls, lim-ited opportunities to register, and erected other barriers to the political process, all with the same goal—to make sure that people who wouldn’t vote for them wouldn’t get a chance to vote at all. Federal courts have been on the frontlines of that battle. Citizens have sought justice by asking the courts to strike down laws that make it harder for people of color, low-income people, the elderly, disabled, or others to vote. The judges who sit on those courts have one duty—to uphold equal justice under law. The Senate must determine whether Federal judicial nominees are prepared to meet that obligation. Thomas Farr, the nominee for the Eastern District of North Carolina, clearly fails that test. Instead of standing up for the rights of all people to vote, Mr. Farr has been the go-to lawyer for powerful interests who have worked to stop people of color and marginalized groups from ex-ercising their right to vote. Among the most appalling parts of Mr. Farr’s resume is his work for Jesse Helms, the former U.S. Senator and shameless bigot. Helms made his views on civil rights and equal treatment clear. He opposed renewal of the Voting Rights Act. He led opposition to com-memorate the birthday of Martin Lu-ther King, Jr., as a holiday. He called LGBTQ individuals ‘‘disgusting, weak, and morally sick wretches.’’ He sup-ported the apartheid regime in South Africa. Senator Helms led some of the most blatantly racist political campaigns in modern history. For example, to drive down Black turnout, his campaign mailed over 100,000 postcards to homes in predominantly Black neighborhoods threatening that those individuals could be criminally prosecuted if they voted. Helms’s most infamous cam-paign ad was a television spot that showed White hands crumpling up a job application, with an announcer saying that the person needed that job, but it was taken by a minority. These ugly appeals to racism were a core part of Helms’s campaign, and Mr. Farr was right by his side, serving as Helms’s campaign lawyer. But Mr. Farr’s troubling record doesn’t end there. In recent years, he has played a central role in resisting anti-discrimi-nation efforts in North Carolina. In 2013, the Supreme Court disman-tled a key part of the 1965 Voting Rights Act in its Shelby County v. Holder ruling, making it easier for States to enact discriminatory voter laws. After Shelby County, North Caro-lina’s Republican-led legislature wast-ed no time in restricting voting rights, searching for ways to make it harder for African Americans in the State to vote. North Carolina legislators requested data about voting practices broken down by race, identified laws that helped African Americans vote, and went about gutting each one of them. In just 3 legislative days, the State leg-islature rammed through an omnibus voter suppression bill. The bill in-cluded a voter ID provision that spe-cifically excluded IDs that African Americans disproportionately used. It eliminated the first week of early vot-ing. It ended same-day registration. It eliminated out-of-precinct voting. It stopped preregistration for 16- and 17- years-olds. These were all—every one of them—practices that helped boost African-American voter turnout. The bill was challenged in court by faith groups, by civil rights groups, and by the U.S. Government. Where was Thomas Farr? Where was he? He was on the other side, defending the discrimi-natory law. The Federal appeals court rejected Mr. Farr’s argument. It con-cluded that the North Carolina Legisla-ture had intentionally discriminated in passing its voting laws, targeting Afri-can Americans with ‘‘surgical preci-sion.’’ That case represents just one of many times Mr. Farr has defended pow-erful interests who discriminate against and harass those who are less powerful. I will mention a few more. When North Carolina redrew its dis-trict lines in a way that diluted the votes of African Americans, Mr. Farr defended it. When Avis, a car rental company, was sued for discriminating against African-American customers, Mr. Farr was there once again defend-ing discrimination. Time after time, Mr. Farr has de-fended racial discrimination. He has also defended discrimination against workers, discrimination against women, and discrimination against LGBTQ individuals. For example, Mr. Farr defended an employer who created a toxic work environment for female employees, instructing them to wear skirts to attract clients, commenting that women belonged in the home in-stead of the workplace, and telling one woman that he would help her pick up her panties from the floor. He defended the discriminatory North Carolina law that prevents transgender men and women from using the bathrooms that reflect their gender identity. Anyone paying attention to judicial nominations knows that powerful in-terests are working to capture our courts. They have been having a field day in this administration. I have come before this Chamber on many occasions to oppose radical, pro-corporate nomi-nees handpicked by those powerful in-terests. Thomas Farr is one of those radical, pro-corporate nominees. He is one of them, but he has set himself apart even from the many terrible nominees the Trump administration has forced through the Senate because Mr. Farr has directly worked to dis-mantle one of the most precious and fundamental rights of our democracy— the right to vote. In a State that is over one-fifth Afri-can American, the Eastern District of North Carolina has never had an Afri-can-American Federal district judge— not a single one. The Senate held up two thoroughly qualified African- American women for this same seat— two women who would have sailed through the Senate if they had gotten a vote, but they were held up so that a Republican President could fill the va-cancy. And now President Trump has nominated someone who has spent much of his career defending discrimi-nation against African Americans. Talk about rubbing salt in the wound. Equal justice under the law is a cor-nerstone of American democracy, but that promise cannot be fully realized if we allow individuals like Mr. Farr to secure lifetime positions on our courts. Someone who thinks that States should be able to make it harder for Americans to vote based on the color of their skin or the likelihood that they will vote for a particular political party should be automatically dis-qualified from a Federal judgeship. I urge my colleagues to vote no on Mr. Farr’s nomination. The integrity of our courts is at stake. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 1551 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise today to fulfill a promise to continue to advocate for a solution that will ad-dress the critical issues of securing the border and protecting young immi-grants impacted by an uncertain fu-ture—those who are part of the DACA Program. Last month, I again offered legisla-tion to extend the DACA Program for 3 years and to provide 3 years of in-creased funding for border security—a so-called 3-for-3 program. I think this is a way we can reach a compromise on this issue that will do two important things—one, provide much needed fund-ing to secure the border. Being from a border State like Arizona, I can cer-tainly understand that. We need a more secure border. We need additional resources, including barriers, tech-nology, and manpower, and this legis-lation would provide that. At the same time, it would provide protection for those kids—numbering about 800,000 and many more eligible as well—who face an uncertain future because we haven’t been able to extend or to make permanent this program. By the way, these are kids who were brought across the border through no fault of their own when their average median age, I think, was about 6 years old. It is not their fault that they were brought here this way. For all intents and purposes, they are American—ev-erything without the papers. Many of them have now graduated from college and face an uncertain future in the job market. Many of them are in school looking to continue that education. Many of them serve in our military. We have to do right by them and do what is good for the country, as well, and I think this legislation would do that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.009 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2605 May 10, 2018 
Unfortunately, some of my col-leagues have repeatedly chosen to block the measure. I am the first to admit that this solution is far from perfect. We need to do a lot of other things with immigration reform. We need to address long-term labor needs, as well as a more permanent solution for those who are here illegally who weren’t brought across the border as children. But this is a compromise that can pass. Given the action over the last couple of days in the House, where there was a group of House Members—Repub-licans and Democrats—looking to force that body to finally take action on this, it is again time to have the Sen-ate make another attempt. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 300, H.R. 1551. I further ask that the Flake substitute amendment at the desk be considered agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF PASTOR ANDREW  
BRUNSON  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, a couple of weeks ago, I started the first of what will be a weekly speech to bring atten-tion to what I think is a travesty of justice occurring in Turkey. I wish to speak about a pastor, a Presbyterian minister from North Carolina, who has lived in Turkey for about 20 years and who has done his very best to respect the laws of Turkey and to bring the Word to people who want to hear it. Unfortunately, he has been swept up in a coup. He has been swept up in the emergency powers of Turkey. He has been in prison for 580 days. I went to Turkey about 6 weeks ago to visit Pastor Brunson in prison be-cause I heard that after being in prison for about a year and a half—and for much of that time in a cell that is de-signed for 8 people and had 21 people in it—he was then indicted. I heard he was afraid the American people were going to read that 62-page bogus indict-ment, with some of the flimsiest charges we could imagine—charges that wouldn’t keep someone overnight in an American jail—that have kept him in prison for 580 days. About 2 months ago, he was indicted, but he said to his wife and friends, he was afraid the American people would read that indictment and turn their backs on him. So it was important for me to travel over there and tell him face-to-face in that Turkish prison that is the last thing that is going to happen. We are going to continue to work every day he is in prison. I am going to come to the Senate floor, and other Members are, every week for as long as he is illegally in prison, and we are going to make sure the American people and the Turkish people know what is going on and send a very clear message to the leaders of Turkey that this is an unac-ceptable way to deal with a NATO ally. It is a horrible way to deal with some-body who is only guilty of standing up for a church in Izmir. It is a small church. Actually, the seating area down below, maybe if it was packed, could hold 150 people. It opens up to a street. It is in a residen-tial area. They let anybody come in. They open their windows. They actu-ally talk with the police about security matters so they know what is going on, but it is just a small church, and all he was trying to do is provide aid and comfort for those who want to seek it. Every once in a while, he would go to Syria or other parts of Turkey to try to provide aid and comfort to those who need it, Syrian refugees or anyone else. Part of the charges are actually related to that. If you provide aid and comfort, food, to a Kurdish person, in Turkey today, you may be considered a terrorist or a coup plotter. That is what he has been charged with. In my second trip, I spent 12 hours in a Turkish courtroom to hear every word of the testimony from secret wit-nesses—whom Pastor Brunson didn’t get to face—about the horrible things he did. One of the charges was that one night a witness saw for 4 hours a light on in one of the rooms in the church. Here is the problem with that charge: That is the room. It doesn’t have a window. So unless they had x-ray vi-sion, there is no possible way they could have observed that, but it be-came weighty testimony in the court-room. It is a kangaroo court. I want to con-tinue to say, if you don’t know ‘‘kan-garoo court,’’ there is the definition. It is just a trumped-up theater that bears no resemblance to anything you would ever see in American jurisprudence. Let me give another idea of the level of absurdity of the charges. Pastor Brunson’s daughter posted how much she enjoyed a meal with friends. It turns out the prosecutor thought this particular meal was something that was enjoyed by people who participated in the Gulen movement, and therefore her father must somehow be associated with the coup attempt. These are actu-ally serious discussions going on in a Turkish courtroom. I wasn’t able to make it back to Tur-key on Monday. I understand that basi-cally the same thing happened, but it got worse. On Monday, when Pastor Brunson and his defense attorney had asked that 10 other witnesses testify on his behalf, they weren’t allowed to tes-tify because they were suspects. They weren’t convicted. They apparently have been charged or considered to be charged, but in Turkish jurisprudence standards, to be suspect is enough to prevent you from actually helping de-fend someone who is on trial for a 35- year sentence. He has been in prison for 580 days. He has lost 50 pounds. He is struggling to keep his wits about him, and he and his wife are doing an extraordinary job. This is a miscarriage of justice. I believe, today, as I said in a speech 2 weeks ago, and I will say it again: Don’t travel to Turkey right now. If you are thinking about making a trip to Turkey, make sure you don’t eat this meal—and, for goodness’ sake, if you do, don’t post how much you en-joyed it because you may be considered a Gulenist. Don’t take a picture with friendly people on the street whose eth-nic origins you don’t know because they may have you associated with somebody who is suspected of plotting a coup. That is the reality of Turkey today. I can’t guarantee the safety of North Carolinians because I have yet to actu-ally speak with people in their state department and their foreign ministry who actually understand the absurdity of what is going on in Turkey today. I hope we can get back to a better po-sition, but until this man is released, and others who have been falsely charged are treated fairly, I am going to have to come to the Senate floor each and every week we are in session to make sure the American people know what is going on in Turkey and to make absolutely certain that people like Pastor Brunson who are in prison know they have people in the U.S. Sen-ate. In fact, 66 Senate Members have signed a letter—that is a big lift in the U.S. Senate to get any 66 Members to agree on something—to send a very clear message that we are watching, and there will be consequences if this man is wrongfully imprisoned and could potentially spend the rest of his life in Turkey. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to enter into a colloquy with my friend and colleague from Oklahoma. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, with that approval, I will pass it over and thank Senator L
ANKFORD for his hard work— he has been aware of this issue from day one—and collaboration on it. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I thank Senator T
ILLIS and the Pre-siding Officer for acknowledging our time to have this conversation. This is a serious conversation because this is a NATO ally. Dr. Andrew Brunson has been in Tur-key 24 years. For 23 of these years, he served as a pastor in humanitarian work. He took care of providing food and clothing and pastoral ministry for anyone who would come, just like any-one does. That has not been an issue in Turkey for decades because Turkey has been very open to all faiths, all religions, and they have prided themselves on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 May 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.011 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2606 May 10, 2018 
being a nation that recognizes all faiths, all backgrounds, and all reli-gions and ethnicity. At least that was the old Turkey. Literally, under Dr. Brunson’s feet, Turkey shifted from where they were to where we don’t rec-ognize them anymore as a NATO ally. In October of 2016, Dr. Brunson was called by the police department there. Assuming it was an immigration issue, he and his wife went because they had gone multiple times to the police de-partment to renew their visa and keep everything up to date. They had a great relationship with the local police department, with local individuals, and with all the authorities in the area be-cause they had been there for two dec-ades and had developed great friend-ships. So they went to check in, but this time, instead just checking in again for an immigration issue, they took them into custody, without any charges, and held them for a year—with no charges—then, eventually, presented these trumped-up charges which they have laid out that are absolutely ab-surd. How a Christian minister is somehow cooperating with a Muslim in a coup in Turkey is absurd on its face. All of the crazy accusations from secret wit-nesses who would appear by video with their faces blurred out, making accusa-tions that they had seen or they had heard—allowing no one to actually ask them questions is absurd. Just as ab-surd is not allowing Dr. Brunson to bring any witnesses in his defense. There have now been two hearings that have been just this style: Dr. Brunson not allowed to bring anyone to speak on his behalf; all of these trumped-up witnesses who come with blurred-out faces—this secret testi-mony that they can present—to come back and present something they would consider evidence that we would never allow in any court, and, quite frankly, no one would take seriously these accusations. In 2016, after Dr. Brunson had been in jail for a few weeks, I went to Turkey and visited with the Minister of Justice there. The Minister of Justice at that time said: We have some information. We are going to work this out. We are going to allow the process to go through the court system, but we will rapidly go through this process. Now, a year and a half later, we are finding out there never was any evidence, there never was any issue—and we are still dealing with an American being held hostage by a NATO ally. I thought I would never say this sen-tence, but I would like to see Turkey follow the example of North Korea and release the American hostages they are holding. Now, when Turkey—a NATO ally—is behind North Korea in how they are handling humanitarian issues, Turkey has moved to a very bad spot. It is not a place they need to stay. Turkey has been a friend and an ally—we work together against ter-rorism; we work together on econom-ics—but I join Senator T ILLIS in the statement he just made: I discourage anyone I speak to, to do any business in Turkey or to travel to Turkey at this point. If you are doing business in Turkey, you cannot guarantee the safe-ty of your employees any longer; if you are traveling to Turkey, you cannot be guaranteed safety anymore. Because of the emergency powers that are cur-rently being used in their legal system, they can sweep up anyone for any accu-sation and hold them for any length of time. That is not just theory; that is being proven by a pastor being held for a year and a half in Turkey with false charges. I highly recommend no one does business in Turkey at this mo-ment, just for the safety of your em-ployees and the people you would work with. Now, Turkey has not just done this. They have also turned toward Russia, pursuing Russia for their air defense systems. As a NATO ally, that is un-heard of, to say they are going to have NATO equipment, but then they are also going to go to Russia. That shows the turning of President Erdogan and the leadership of the country. Congress is not going to just sit back on this and should not. Senator S
HA-
HEEN and I have already put language out for the foreign ops bill in Appro-priations which would specifically identify those individuals—the judges in the court, the officials who are hold-ing Pastor Brunson, the officials in the city jail and in their national govern-ment who are specifically holding those individuals—to apply sanctions directly to the individuals who are holding an American pastor hostage. Senator S
HAHEEN , Senator T ILLIS , and I have already put forward a piece of legislation blocking Turkey from maintaining or purchasing the F–35. They are a NATO ally, and they should have access to that, but they are not acting like a NATO ally. We don’t know where they are going, and it would be a mistake for the United States to give our best technology— somewhere that we don’t know where it is going to go and how it is going to be used in the future. Just this week, the House released their National Defense Authorization Act. In the base text of the NDAA com-ing from the House is a provision which would block all defense sales to Turkey until we get more information about what is happening in the future and what direction Turkey is going. That is a reasonable precaution to take in a nation that is rapidly shifting away from democracy, a free court, free speech, and freedom of religion. They are losing humanitarian values. We should address that and respond to that, and we are. It is not just what we might do; it is what we are doing currently to try to respond to this issue. The State De-partment continues to apply diplo-matic pressure, but we have moved past the time when diplomatic pressure needs to be applied. It is time to apply economic pressure and pressure on how our partnership will work long term. We want our ally back—the Turkey we used to know, that we cooperated with, and maintained a long-term friendship with. We would love to maintain that long-term friendship with an ally that has strongly stood with us, and we have stood with them, but we do not recognize what Turkey is anymore. A good first step with them would be to follow the lead of North Korea and release our hostages out of their jails. Mr. President, I yield back. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I thank Senator LANKFORD . I went to Turkey when I was speaker of the house in North Carolina and led a delegation there about 7 years ago, spent 9 days, met with business lead-ers, and met with President Erdogan. I came away with a great deal of opti-mism—as a matter of fact, so much op-timism, I hosted a delegation from the mayor of Kayseri, who is now a Min-ister in the Turkish Government, to talk about how North Carolina and Turkey could build stronger economic ties. We both have textile and furniture industries. It looked like a great oppor-tunity, but, as Senator L
ANKFORD said, the Turkey of today bears no resem-blance to the Turkey I visited about 7 years ago, to the Turkey I visited just a few weeks ago. I would like to be talking about how we help Turkey take the fight to ter-rorist organizations threatening their homeland. I would like to work more with Turkey, as we have this week, to identify ISIS leaders, detain them, and make that region safer. I would like to be a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee— and sit right next to Senator S
UL-
LIVAN —fighting for additional NDAA provisions that underscore our com-mitment to our NATO ally in Turkey, but now I am at a fork in the road, and right now I only have one position to take; that is, to put Turkey on notice for their bad actions as a NATO ally and for their bad actions toward Amer-ican nationals in the country of Tur-key. So I am with Senator L
ANKFORD , Senator S
HAHEEN , and other Senators. When we do our markup on the na-tional defense authorization, instead of talking about how we strengthen our relationship for their part in manufac-turing the Joint Strike Fighter and what is the timeline to actually have our NATO ally have Joint Strike Fighters, F–35s, within their military base, now I have to start talking about whether they should have it at all. I have to start talking about what are the implications of a Russian missile defense system in a NATO country, with all the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance assets that come with it. I have to start talking about what the future of our relationship is with a nation that is, for the first time in NATO history, holding American hostages—a NATO ally. I have to take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.013 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2607 May 10, 2018 
things in a different direction. It is my responsibility, as the co-lead of the Senate NATO observer group, as the Senator of a State who has had a cit-izen in prison for 580 days. I have no choice. I thank the Presiding Officer for the time today. I will be back next week, and I will be back every week until we see justice served for Pastor Brunson. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Brennan nomi-nation? Mr. WYDEN. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 49, nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 89 Ex.] YEAS—49 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Booker Coons Duckworth Graham McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, Johnny Isakson, James Lankford, Steve Daines, Ben Sasse, Mike Crapo, John Kennedy, John Barrasso, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, James M. Inhofe, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Shelley Moore Capito, Tom Cotton, Cory Gard-ner. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 71, nays 24, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 90 Ex.] YEAS—71 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Wicker Young NAYS—24 
Baldwin Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Cortez Masto Gillibrand Harris Hirono Klobuchar Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Peters Reed Sanders Smith Stabenow Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Booker Coons Duckworth Graham McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 71, the nays are 24. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
NOMINATION OF GINA HASPEL  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I wish to return to a theme that I have been addressing the last few days, and that is the nomination of Ms. Gina Haspel to be Director of the CIA. Yesterday, the entire country—in-deed, the entire world—saw Ms. Haspel’s performance before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Speaking for myself, I could not have been more impressed, and taking an in-formal poll among others, I think many people felt the same way. It is a tough requirement of her con-firmation process for somebody who has spent 33 years working for the CIA in some of the most obscure—and un-known to the rest of us—spots around the world to have to come and answer questions about her career, much of which happens to be classified informa-tion. We had an open session and then a classified hearing where she and we on the committee could protect the sources and methods and alliances we have around the world that help us col-lect intelligence for our policymakers and help to keep our country safe. As expected, she faced intense rounds of questioning, as I said, both in an open session and behind closed doors. I be-lieve she did so with patience, cour-tesy, and poise. She articulated her view on a number of topics, of course. She defended her record against a series of false accusa-tions and said repeatedly what those of us who have supported her already knew. She believes that U.S. Govern-ment actions must be held to a strict moral standard. If confirmed, she would not obey an order she believed to be unlawful, and in her new role, she would not restart interrogation pro-grams inside the CIA. I want to highlight three develop-ments that I believe lend credence to many of Ms. Haspel’s statements dur-ing yesterday’s hearing. First are the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.015 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2608 May 10, 2018 
comparisons that have been drawn with John Brennan, former CIA Direc-tor under President Obama. As many others have pointed out, Mr. Brennan served as the No. 4 official at the CIA—much higher up the food chain, so to speak, than Ms. Haspel, who was a GS–15. Yesterday, I asked someone to tell me, as a civilian intel-ligence officer, how that rank would compare to the military. I was told that would be the equivalent of rough-ly a major or maybe a lieutenant colo-nel in the military. I think that is sig-nificant when you think that Mr. Bren-nan was the No. 4 official at the CIA, and at relevant times Ms. Haspel was an intelligence officer in a mid-level position to be sure. Getting back to Mr. Brennan, he had direct personal knowledge of the inter-rogation program many have ques-tioned Ms. Haspel about. She told us she was not a part of it, had not been read into the program, and did not in-terrogate anyone. Mr. Brennan was confirmed by a vote of 63 to 34, with only 2 Democrats and 1 Independent voting against him. If Mr. Brennan was confirmed, despite his history at the CIA at a time when this program was being implemented, Ms. Haspel should be confirmed as well. It is worth noting that Mr. Brennan himself agrees. He has called Ms. Haspel ‘‘an exceptionally well-re-spected professional within the CIA,’’ one ‘‘who has held a number of senior- level positions over the years, and has acquitted herself very competently.’’ He said she will be able to provide ‘‘un-varnished, apolitical, objective intel-ligence . . . to [President] Trump and to others.’’ Given this body’s past support of Mr. Brennan’s nomination and our Demo-cratic colleagues’ current opposition to Ms. Haspel, it strikes me that she and our current President are being held to a standard to which Mr. Brennan and President Obama were not held. In other words, it is a double standard. I think that is highly regrettable and in-defensible. The truth is that all the Senate Democrats currently on the Intel-ligence Committee who were Senators at the time of John Brennan’s con-firmation voted to confirm him, so I believe they have no good reason not to vote to confirm Ms. Haspel as well. I also remember when President Obama declassified certain Office of Legal Counsel memos in 2009. He prom-ised the men and women of the CIA: 
We will protect all who acted reasonably and relied upon legal advice from the De-partment of Justice that their actions were lawful. 
They need to be fully confident that as they defend the Nation, I will defend them. I hope we will hear from President Obama as he keeps the promise he made back in 2009 to defend those who acted on legal advice from the Depart-ment of Justice in good faith. I think we all need to remember those words by President Obama and apply them when considering Ms. Haspel’s nomina-tion. The second thing I want to mention is a letter dated just yesterday that was sent to Chairman BURR and Vice Chairman W
ARNER of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. It was signed by more than 30 former sen-ior government officials with national security experience in administrations of different parties or on Capitol Hill. They called Ms. Haspel ‘‘an excellent choice to lead the CIA at a time when our intelligence community is under significant pressure at home and abroad.’’ They praised her as a leader with ‘‘discipline and guts to take the CIA into the future,’’ saying that she is highly regarded in the storied halls of Langley. That letter was signed by former CIA and National Security Agency Director Michael Hayden, former NSA Director GEN Keith Alex-ander, former Attorney General Mi-chael Mukasey, and many others. I have said it before, but I will say it again. Those people who know Ms. Haspel best, who have worked along-side her on a daily basis, who have been in meetings with her and have wit-nessed her decision making like this woman. They respect her, and they think she is the best of the best, so enough already. I think we should lis-ten to the people who know her the best. The third item related to Ms. Haspel that I will mention was a telling ex-change she had with our colleague and friend, the senior Senator from Cali-fornia, Ms. F
EINSTEIN . Senator F EIN-
STEIN asked about a certain book that at least one journalist has claimed proves Ms. Haspel ‘‘ran’’ an interroga-tion program in the days after 9/11. In graciously responding to our col-league’s question, Ms. Haspel pointed out something important: The author of the book in question has said defini-tively that he ‘‘never intended to sug-gest in [the] book that Gina Haspel was in charge of the CIA’s interrogation program. She was not.’’ In other words, he corrected a misimpression that was created by the way the book was written and made clear she was not in charge of the CIA interrogation program. The author went on to say that he fully supports Ms. Haspel’s nomination. I think that short episode establishes how careful we need to be in evaluating what is known about Ms. Haspel’s dis-tinguished record of service. There are a lot of things being said that simply are not true. As many have mentioned this week, when it comes to interrogation pro-grams following the devastating attack of 9/11, where 3,000 Americans lost their lives, she in fact was exonerated by both internal reviews at the CIA, as well as two Justice Departments, which determined that she had com-plied with appropriate legal guidance in place at the time she acted. Toward the end of the open session, Ms. Haspel spoke about the sacrifices made by the men and women with whom she had served. I think we need to keep in mind how difficult intel-ligence work can be, especially when it requires one to leave family and friends and take up hardship assign-ments in far-off corners of the globe. They are not like our men and women in the military, who perform such dedi-cated and patriotic service; intel-ligence officers have the additional burden of not even being able to tell their own family and friends where they are and exactly what they are doing because of the sensitivity of their work. Ms. Haspel told us about a CIA al- Qaida expert who gave birth to her third child in the days leading up to September 11. This analyst, because of her expertise, was deployed to Afghani-stan shortly after the terrible events of 9/11, leaving her family and three chil-dren behind. Later, she and six of her colleagues were murdered while serv-ing in that combat zone in the service of the Central Intelligence Agency and the U.S. Government. This is exactly the kind of dangerous and selfless work that intelligence professionals embark upon day after day. They do it because they feel a deep, abiding sense of duty and loyalty to a country that has given us freedoms many parts of the world do not enjoy, and it is that loyalty, it is that sense of duty that propels them to put it all on the line. They pour their blood, sweat, and tears into detecting and helping to stop threats posed against this country by nations and actors intent on doing us enormous harm. As we heard yesterday from Ms. Haspel, there are more than 100 stars on the CIA Memorial Wall, and 7 more were added just last year. Those are a reminder of the U.S. men and women who have lost their lives while engaged in the service of the intelligence com-munity and our country. Having served for 33 years with dis-tinction, Ms. Haspel is acutely aware of the sacrifices that have been made by so many with whom she will be work-ing in her new capacity as Director of the CIA, and I know she is mindful of the colleagues and friends she has lost. Yet she believes so firmly in the Agen-cy’s mission that she is willing to take on one more challenge, one that may be her greatest challenge yet; that is, leading the entire CIA into an uncer-tain future. I want to close by saying that I ap-preciate her willingness and desire to serve in this new and never easy capac-ity. I hope we can confirm her in short order so that she can get back to work and continue to do what she loves and help keep our Nation safe. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the remarks made by the Senator from Texas. Indeed, I think we have a career intelligence officer who, over three decades, has performed com-mendable service for this country. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.021 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2609 May 10, 2018 
will be meeting with her next week. I have a number of questions, and after meeting with her, I will make my deci-sion. I thank the Senator from Texas, as I have thanked many on the Intelligence Committee from whom I have sought opinions while reading all the relevant documents. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, I rise today because the State of Florida has again proposed to harm thousands of seniors and folks with disabilities who rely on Medicaid for their healthcare, as well as for their financial security. Under current law, critical protec-tions in Medicaid allow those who rely on the program for their healthcare to get up to 3 months of retroactive cov-erage after they apply for Medicaid and after they have enrolled in the pro-gram. To put that in another way, a person who has had healthcare prob-lems and who is eligible under Med-icaid, once they apply, under current law, there is a look-back period of 3 months in which those healthcare ex-penses they incurred would be reim-bursed to their healthcare providers— the doctors, the nurses, whatever the service is—and paid by Medicaid be-cause they have been deemed to be eli-gible—certain people with disabilities and certain people because of their in-come level and their status. What the State of Florida is pro-posing—and this is what is so dam-aging—is to cut those 3 months of re-imbursement for Medicaid down to 1 month. The current law is 3 months, so why should the State of Florida penal-ize its citizens who are eligible under Florida’s law for healthcare through Medicaid by saying: We are going to make you eligible only for 30 days in-stead of 3 months. It defies under-standing. The State proposed to CMS just a week or so ago to eliminate this crit-ical protection, and in the process, it jeopardizes many people in Florida right now—39,000 of the most vulner-able Floridians and the countless med-ical providers who treat them. If they constrict this period, that means a lot of providers will not get compensated by Medicaid, such as a hospital. The hospital can’t eat all of those uncom-pensated expenses, so what happens? Ultimately, it finds its way to the rest of us taxpayers who have private health insurance, and it runs up the price of health insurance. If what the State of Florida is doing is not enough of an outrage to these 39,000 people, this maneuver will also cut up to $100 million from an already underfunded Medicaid Program that is suffering because the State of Florida has decided over the last several years that it is not going to expand Medicaid up to 138 percent of the poverty level. Do you know how much money the State of Florida has passed up that, otherwise, 800,000 people in Florida would be getting healthcare through Medicaid? They passed up $66 billion in Federal funds that is sitting there on the shelf ready to be used for healthcare through Medicaid for Flor-ida by refusing to expand Medicaid that is allowed under the law up to 138 percent of poverty. It is unacceptable. This provision was designed to pro-tect seniors and veterans and pregnant women and individuals with disabil-ities and parents and their families with high medical bills and the costs associated with long-term care. So not only are we jeopardizing the pay of the hospitals and the doctors and the nurses and all of the medical providers, for which they are eligible under cur-rent law, we are also putting into fi-nancial jeopardy the poor people who are sick and need to be treated, and they don’t have the money because of their income level. They don’t have the money. Then they start getting all of these dunning statements saying: We are going to come after you finan-cially, and we are going to put you into the poor house. That is why I joined with my col-league in the House, Congresswoman C
ASTOR . We have a letter signed by half of the Florida delegation calling on CMS to reject this heinous provision that the State of Florida is asking for. I ask unanimous consent that this letter be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, May 10, 2018. Re Oppose Florida’s 1115 Medicaid Waiver Amendment to Eliminate Retroactive Eligibility Due to Potential Extreme Harm to Older and Disabled Floridians Hon. S
EEMA VERMA , Administrator, Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, Baltimore, MD. D
EARADMINISTRATOR VERMA : As members of the Florida Congressional Delegation, we write to urge you to oppose provisions of the State of Florida’s 1115 Medicaid MMA Waiver Amendment that would directly harm thou-sands of seniors and neighbors with disabil-ities in Florida. Today, critical protections in Medicaid mean beneficiaries can get up to three months of retroactive coverage from the date they apply to enroll in the program as long as these individuals were eligible for Medicaid when they received care. In March, the state proposed eliminating this policy of retroactive eligibility by amending its ongo-ing Section 1115 demonstration. If approved, this decision could jeopardize the financial security of at least 39,000 of the most vulner-able Floridians and countless providers who treat them. It will also cut at least $100 mil-lion from an already underfunded Medicaid program that is suffering from the state’s continued choice to pass up more than $66 billion in federal funds by refusing to expand its Medicaid program. Retroactive eligibility is designed to pro-tect Medicaid beneficiaries—including sen-iors, pregnant women, individuals with dis-abilities, and parents—and their families from the steep costs of medical services and long-term care. Importantly, this protection was also designed to minimize uncompen-sated care costs faced by hospitals and other health care providers who take care of our neighbors and are already challenged by the state’s low reimbursement rates. Also impor-tant to remember is, even though retro-active, folks who end up covered are unques-tionably eligible for Medicaid and this exist-ing policy and time frame protects those who are unaware—through no fault of their own— that they qualify. Applying for Medicaid coverage can be a complicated and sometimes burdensome process, particularly when an individual or family member is dealing with securing ad-mission to a nursing home, addressing a medical emergency, or seeking care for a worsening illness or injury. Leaving Med-icaid-eligible applicants without financial protection simply because they have not en-rolled is cruel and in direct conflict with the goals of the Medicaid program. This proposal will directly hurt Floridians with disabilities and seniors in nursing homes, If CMS ap-proves this proposal in its current form, it would likely prevent vulnerable populations, especially seniors in nursing homes, from getting the care they need. It is our duty to ensure eligible individuals have access to care without going into debt to obtain it, which is why retroactive eligi-bility is so vital. This proposal would not only wipe out many families’ pocketbooks, but it would also place a financial burden on health care providers, the state and indeed all Florida taxpayers through increased un-compensated care costs. We fail to see how this proposal will ‘‘enhance fiscal predict-ability’’ as the state claims when it will in-crease costs across the board. If the state were serious about securing greater financial security, they should expand Medicaid and accept the $66 billion in federal funds that Floridians have already paid for with their tax dollars and provide health care to about 700,000 Floridians. Instead of building barriers to coverage, we need to focus on getting our uninsured and underinsured neighbors quality and afford-able health coverage and reducing uncom-pensated care costs that hurt health care providers’ ability to provide needed care and strain Florida’s economy. That is why we urge you to reject the State of Florida’s pro-posal to eliminate retroactive eligibility. Thank you for considering our request. Sincerely, Bill Nelson, U.S. Senator; Frederica S. Wilson, U.S. Representative; Charlie Crist, U.S. Representative; Kathy Cas, U.S. Representative; Lois Frankel, U.S. Representative; Kathy Castor, U.S. Representative; Ted Deutch, U.S. Rep-resentative; Al Lawson, Jr., U.S. Rep-resentative; Stephanie Murphy, U.S. Representative; Debbie Wasserman Schultz, U.S. Representative; Alcee L. Hastings, U.S. Representative; Darren Soto, U.S. Representative; Val Butler Demings, U.S. Representative. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, it is our duty to ensure that folks—our folks, the people in our States—have access to care without having to go into debt to obtain that care. The State of Flor-ida is attempting to take that away. In doing so, it is attempting to wipe out many families’ pocketbooks and in-crease the strain on the healthcare pro-viders—the doctors, the nurses, the hospitals—and all Florida taxpayers, who ultimately, on uncompensated care, are the ones who pick up the bill. The State of Florida claims that this proposal will ‘‘enhance fiscal predict-ability.’’ That begs the question: For whom? If the State really wanted to se-cure greater financial security, it would expand Medicaid and accept the $66 billion of our Florida financial tax-payer money sitting on the shelf, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.022 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2610 May 10, 2018 
which Floridians have already paid for with their tax dollars, and provide healthcare for up to 800,000 Floridians who don’t have it now. Perhaps what is even more troubling is that the letter accompanying the State of Florida’s request stated that the agency—get this—‘‘was not aware of any concern or opposition raised by any member of either party regarding this provision during extensive budget debate.’’ So now not only is the State of Florida trying to harm thousands of Floridians, including many of our sen-iors and veterans—by the way, vet-erans are on the Medicaid Program as well. Don’t forget that. All veterans are not taken care of under only the Veterans’ Administration; there are a lot of veterans on Medicaid. So the State is trying to harm these people, and I wonder now, in that letter that I just quoted from, if the State is misleading the Federal agency CMS in trying to get their waiver approved to cut the 90 days down to 30 days. Indeed, members of the Florida State Senate, the legislature, raised innumerable concerns and objections to the provi-sion. Most recently, the Florida Senate minority leader called out the Gov-ernor’s administration for the mis-leading claims. Instead of making it harder to gain coverage, we ought to be focusing on getting our uninsured neighbors qual-ity and affordable health coverage and reducing uninsured, uncompensated costs. We need to do what is good for the people of Florida. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. 
YUCCA MOUNTAIN  
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I rise today to reiterate my strong opposi-tion to the House of Representatives’ effort to restart licensing activities at Yucca Mountain and in particular the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act, which passed the House just a few hours ago. This bill, which is a complete and total waste of taxpayer dollars, is dead on arrival in the U.S. Senate. Not only will I place a hold on the bill now that it has passed the House, I will also ob-ject to the motion to proceed to the bill. This vote today proves my point that I am the only person in Wash-ington, DC, standing between a pris-tine, beautiful Nevada or a Nevada dripping with nuclear waste. As I have said in the past, I will continue to serve as a roadblock to every effort to make Nevada our Nation’s nuclear waste dump. Despite the House of Representa-tives’ repeated attempts to revive a failed project, I have been able to en-sure that not a single dollar has been appropriated to restart licensing ac-tivities at Yucca Mountain. This vote is nothing but a failed exercise because as long as I am in the Senate, Yucca Mountain is dead. It is as simple as that. As I have previously said, under my watch, I will not let one more hard- earned taxpayer dollar go toward the failed Yucca Mountain project. My State refuses to serve as our Nation’s nuclear waste dump. That is why I am proud to say that because of my leader-ship, the Senate has repeatedly refused to pass a law funding the high-level nu-clear waste repository—a position that was most recently confirmed in the most recent omnibus spending meas-ure. Because of my current work as Ne-vada’s senior Senator and my bipar-tisan work with the former Senate ma-jority leader, Yucca Mountain remains dead. I repeat, it is simple as that. But despite Yucca’s clear and unquestion-able death long ago, some of my friends on the other side of the Capitol con-tinue to waste their time attempting to bring back life to this ill-conceived and fiscally irresponsible plan. Their efforts keep alive a longstanding fight over States’ rights and distract us from the real task at hand, which is finding a viable, long-term nuclear waste stor-age solution that meets the needs of all Americans. I will be the first person to recognize the important role nuclear power plays in a stable and secure ‘‘all of the above’’ energy strategy and that with nuclear energy comes the need to prop-erly store spent nuclear fuel, but I firmly believe that our Nation cannot progress towards achieving viable and sustainable storage solutions for spent nuclear fuel and defense high-level waste without first abandoning Yucca Mountain. I am not saying that we shouldn’t come to the table to discuss our Na-tion’s nuclear waste storage needs. We should, and I would. But I also believe States should have a say in the matter. That is why, in my opinion, consent- based siting presents the only viable path forward on this issue. Consent- based siting offers a means of address-ing our Nation’s high-level nuclear waste problem while at the same time respecting the sovereignty of States to object to becoming nuclear waste dumps. The Yucca Mountain proposal, however, represents the exact opposite of consent; it is a unilaterally imposed Federal mandate that goes against the will of the people it directly affects. My colleagues have heard me raise the question many times that I and Ne-vadans are thinking: Why should a State without a single nuclear power-plant of its own be forced against its will to house all of our Nation’s nu-clear waste? Let me repeat that. Why should a State without a single nuclear power-plant of its own be forced against its will to house all of our Nation’s nu-clear waste? This is a question that has never been answered—not from the Presiding Officer’s seat, not from the Speaker of the House, nor from the au-thor of this bill. And I think if we want an intellectually honest answer, it would be that it shouldn’t have to. Beyond the violation of the State sovereignty and the disregard for the will of the local population, the Yucca Mountain proposal poses significant health and safety risks and potentially catastrophic financial risks that must be addressed before, not after, the pro-posal moves forward, should it move forward at all. What are these risks? Well, for one, Yucca Mountain is located just 90 miles from the world’s premier tourist and convention and entertainment des-tination of Las Vegas, NV. Last year, Las Vegas welcomed nearly 43 million visitors. Over the past decade, the greater Las Vegas area has been one of the fastest growing in the United States, with a population that now ex-ceeds 2.1 million people, according to the latest U.S. Census Bureau numbers. Any issues with the transportation of nuclear waste to that site or issues with storage there would bring dev-astating consequences to the Las Vegas, NV, and national economies— issues that would inevitably result from shipping 9,500 rail casks in 2,800 trains and 2,650 trucks hauling 1 cask each to Yucca Mountain over the next 50 years. These shipments would use 22,000 miles of railways and 7,000 miles of highways and cross over 44 States. To date, however, Nevadans have not received sufficient assurance from the Department of Energy or the Nuclear Regulatory Commission that their con-cerns about these risks will receive the procedural due process and thoughtful consideration they are owed under ex-isting law. In fact, in my recent cor-respondence with the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, I continue to stress to the Commission the importance of procedural safeguards, such as local hearings and local adjudication, to en-sure that parties directly affected by the proposal have the opportunity to air their concerns and have them con-sidered in an open and reasonably close forum. It is because of these and other unre-solved concerns that I continue to stand with the State of Nevada in its strong opposition to restarting licens-ing activities at the Yucca Mountain repository. Rather than forcing the State of Ne-vada to accept nuclear waste at a sci-entifically unsound site, taxpayer dol-lars would be better spent identifying viable alternatives for the long-term storage of nuclear waste in areas that are willing to house it. Finding alter-natives is the commonsense path for-ward, as well as the fiscally responsible decision. The Federal Government should not waste another taxpayer dollar on Yucca Mountain—waste that already amounts to nearly $15 billion. Accord-ing to Department of Energy esti-mates, an additional $82 billion would be needed to license, construct, and op-erate Yucca Mountain through closure, bringing the total system life cycle cost for the project to around $100 bil-lion—an amount that would be prob-ably 15 to 20 percent higher in today’s dollars. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.024 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2611 May 10, 2018 
So it is clear that instead of throw-ing more taxpayer dollars at a failed proposal, which is exactly what the House of Representatives’ Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act does, we should be working on a real, long- term solution rooted in consent-based siting. With that, I urge my colleagues, as we continue the budget and appropria-tions process for the 2019 fiscal year, to focus on further implementation of the Department of Energy’s consent-based siting process. I stand ready to partner with my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle on this issue, and I am confident that to-gether we can find a solution to this problem once and for all. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the clo-ture motions with respect to the Scudder and St. Eve nominations be withdrawn and that the Senate vote on the nominations in the order listed at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, May 14. I further ask that, if confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion. I further ask that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the Senate vote on confirmation of the Carson nomination at 12 noon on Tues-day, May 15; that if cloture is invoked on the Nalbandian nomination, that confirmation vote occur immediately following the disposition of the Carson nomination; and that if either are con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, Johnny Isakson, James Lankford, Steve Daines, Ben Sasse, Mike Crapo, John Kennedy, John Barrasso, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, James M. Inhofe, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Shelley Moore Capito, Tom Cotton, Cory Gard-ner. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. MCCAIN) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 91 Ex.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Booker Coons Duckworth McCain Moran 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 43. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Cir-cuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Florida. (The remarks of Mr. R
UBIO pertaining to the introduction of S. 2826 are print-ed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘State-ments on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. RUBIO. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. FUEL EFFICIENCY STANDARDS  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I was filling up my Chrysler Town & Country minivan with gas last weekend, and I noticed the price in Delaware is up to about $2.80 a gallon for regular gas. That is up by close to $1 above what it was not that long ago. I remember that the first time I bought gasoline in Delaware, I was right out of the Navy. I served in the Vietnam war as a naval flight officer, and I moved from California to Dela-ware. I drove my car to a gas station right in the middle of a gas war. I actually benefited from the gas war in 1969 in Texas. I was driving from Pensacola, FL, to the San Diego Naval Station. I filled up my Volkswagen Commandeer for less than $2 during the gas war in some little town in Texas. Fast forward to, I think, 1970 through 1974, and we are having a different kind of war. It is with OPEC. They are put-ting the squeeze on us and much of the rest of the world by reducing the amount of oil they are bringing out of the ground and driving up prices. Then we had an oil blockade, and things really got interesting for a while. I am not sure who was President then, whether it was Gerald Ford, who was succeeded by Jimmy Carter. But somebody—maybe it was Democrats and Republicans—finally said: You know, we have to be smarter than this. We continue to be dependent on foreign oil. They can put a blockade in place and essentially make it difficult for us to get oil and pay the prices that they want. So Democrats, Republicans, the President, and Congress, working to-gether, decided we should increase the fuel efficiency of our cars in this coun-try. We hadn’t done that for quite a while. They put in place fuel efficiency standards for cars. We stepped up the mileage requirements for a period of years, and after several years, that tar-get level stopped. We reached a ceiling; I think it was like 27 miles per gallon, as I recall. But after that, the CAFE standards stayed right there for years, maybe for a couple of decades. We kind of revisited the issue, I want to say in 2007, and said: You know, that doesn’t make much sense. Why don’t we begin to increase fuel efficiency again? We did so with bipartisan legis-lation. Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , Ted Stevens, and I, along with others, worked on it and passed legislation to increase—not dramatically, but for a while, for a number of years—fuel effi-ciency standards for cars, light trucks, and SUVs. When we fell into the great recession in 2007, 2008, 2009, we saw the auto com-panies—a couple of them, Chrysler and I believe GM—going into bankruptcy. They got a huge bailout from our tax-payers, from the government. I was one of the people who sponsored and sup-ported that. But in return for their get-ting that kind of help, they agreed to a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.025 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2612 May 10, 2018 
more rigorous increase in fuel effi-ciency standards going forward. There is going to be talk tomorrow in the White House about whether we should continue to raise fuel efficiency standards for cars and light trucks and SUVs. Interestingly enough, the CEOs from a number of American auto companies and those that have plants here but are actually maybe foreign-based, foreign- headquartered auto companies are going to meet with the President to-morrow, and they are going to be talk-ing about what should be done with these fuel efficiency standards. Should we continue to ramp them up? Under current law, they are going to continue to be ramped up until about 2024, 2025, and then after that, there is really nothing in the law that says what should happen after 2025. There are some in the White House— maybe the President but maybe some others in the White House—who think that we ought to basically hold them in place where they are and not con-tinue to increase fuel efficiency stand-ards for cars and light trucks and SUVs. The administration has been ba-sically suggesting a message or a path forward that says: Let’s just sort of hold it in place—kind of like we did for 20 years on the heels of the Arab oil embargo. So the White House will be meeting tomorrow with these auto executives, and it will be an interesting conversa-tion. I expect the President is going to say: Look, we are going to give you a break. We don’t think you ought to be building cars, trucks, and vans that no-body wants to buy. People want to buy big vehicles, fuel-inefficient vehicles. It doesn’t matter; they are basically going to stop increasing fuel efficiency standards. That should help the idea of the White House and the auto compa-nies to say: That should be what you want. That should be what you need. The message that I think the Presi-dent will hear from the auto industry is going to probably be a surprising one for him because that is not what they are going to be asking for. I don’t know if our Presiding Officer makes customer calls. I do. I was doing it when I was Governor and as a Con-gressman and a treasurer before that. I visit businesses large and small, year in and year out. At one time, Delaware built more cars, trucks, and vans per capita than any other State in the United States. We had a plant in Newark, DE, near the University of Delaware, and 4,000 people worked there for Chrysler. We had another 4,000 who worked at the GM plant not far from here, between Wilmington and Newark. We lost them both during the great recession. We lost them both, 8,000 jobs, just like that. So I like to stay close to the auto industry. I think it is important to have a vibrant and strong auto indus-try in this country. I have done a lot of customer calls over the years to auto manufacturers, including Chrysler and GM, for reasons that are important for Delaware, but I have visited a bunch of other companies as well. When I do customer calls, I ask three questions of whomever I am visiting. I ask: How are you doing? How are we doing—‘‘we’’ being the State of Dela-ware, whether as the Governor of Dela-ware or from the Federal Government. How are we doing, and what can we do to help? How are you doing? How are we doing? What can we do to help? I hope that during this conversation that will take place about 25 hours from now—I hope the President is in a listening mood. I hope he will say: Well, what do you need? Because here is what he is likely to hear from them: They are not asking for relief and to not have to comply with fuel efficiency standards. Here is what they are asking for: They are asking for some flexi-bility in the near years, between 2021 and 2025, and in return for some flexi-bility in the targets for fuel efficiency during those years, they are willing to agree to more aggressive targets in the outyears, between 2025 and 2030. The auto industry knows that by then—I don’t know if the majority of vehicles being built in this country will be electric-powered, battery-powered, maybe powered with fuel cells, but we are going to see a revolution here in this country and, frankly, around the world. In the rest of the world, they are going to be building vehicles—cars, trucks, vans, SUVs—that are much more fuel efficient and, frankly, far less polluting. We in this country will get to compete in a world marketplace against those competitors. How do we better ensure that we are able to com-pete? So what the auto industry is going to say is, give us some flexibility in the near term—2021 to 2025—and we are willing to work with more rigorous standards thereafter. Give us some cer-tainty. Currently, the folks in California and about 10 other States who support Cali-fornia have the ability to, under the law, have their own separate standards, fuel efficiency standards, compared to the rest of the country. When this was first envisioned, the auto companies al-most had a heart attack. They said that the idea of having to build one set of models—say for a Ford—or having to build one version of that model for California and 10 or 11 other States and then something different for the other maybe 40 States—they didn’t want to worry about that. They didn’t want to have to do that. They know we need to be more energy efficient and less pol-luting. They were concerned about hav-ing to do that—two versions of every model. So it has been worked out that California can continue to have its own standards, but the auto industry—and, frankly, other countries, too, that build vehicles—will build one version of one model for each of the models that are sold in this country. Tomorrow, the auto companies are going to say: We need to be able to con-tinue to do that. We don’t need to be building two versions of the same auto-mobile for every car and truck and SUV that is sold in this country. The automobile industry is going to say to the President that there is no need to kick California to the curb, or these other States that support that position; what we do need is what I said earlier—some flexibility in the fuel efficiency targets in the near term, up to 2025, and after that, more rigorous standards going forward. One of the things I learned a long time before I was Governor was that among the things that businesses need are certainty and predictability. They need certainty. They need predict-ability. That is especially true in the auto industry, where the lead time building a new car or truck or SUV or van can be 5, 6, 7 years. That is why this is an important conversation to have tomorrow. I learned long before I was Governor that Governors don’t create jobs, Presi-dents don’t create jobs, Senators don’t create jobs, and mayors don’t create jobs. What we do is we help create a nurturing environment for job cre-ation. Among the things that help pro-vide that nurturing environment are predictability and certainty with re-spect to our laws, with respect to our regulations. It is also helpful to have the Federal Government and maybe colleges and universities provide some money for research and development. Some of the R&D that has enabled our auto fleet—our trucks, our light trucks and SUVs—to be more energy effi-cient—some of the R&D provided, ap-propriated here by this body, has been used to make us more competitive in world markets. Our tax policy is designed to encour-age people to buy more energy-efficient vehicles. We use the government’s pur-chasing power to buy more energy-effi-cient vehicles so they will be making a market, so they will be more likely to be able to sell them and build them in quantity. I would just conclude by saying: Mr. President, when you meet with these folks tomorrow, carmakers from across the country and around the world, I hope that you won’t just tell them what you think they want to hear but that you will ask them: What do you need? What do you need? I think the message he will hear will be quite different from the message he is prepared to give them. If we really want to help the domes-tic auto industry, we can do that. It is not by rolling back or freezing in place fuel efficiency standards; it is by help-ing us to get to the next level using the kind of technology in our vehicles that we can sell around the world and com-pete against the best in the rest of the world. I think that is it for me. I don’t see anybody else on the floor asking to speak, so I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.034 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2613 May 10, 2018 
The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF GINA HASPEL  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise to talk about an extremely qualified person who has been nominated to be the next Director of the Central Intel-ligence Agency. I just left a meeting with Gina Haspel, who is a woman who has spent her entire career at the Central Intel-ligence Agency protecting our country. Over the decades, she has been in the field a number of times and has been in a number of dangerous situations. She has been an analyst. She has been in leadership. She is currently the Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. By the way, she is the first woman who has ever been the Deputy Director of this Agency. Of course, she would be the first woman Director if she is to be confirmed. I had an opportunity to talk to her about a lot of issues, including the mo-rale at the CIA and how people feel about her being the Director. As you can imagine, folks over there are ex-tremely excited about this—one of their own, someone they know and trust. They understand she has their interests at heart. I think it would be terrific for that Agency to have some-one with her capability. She would be only the second Director in the history of that Agency who came up through the ranks. I also went down to what is called the SCIF, which is a place where you can look at classified information. This week, I had the opportunity to review her background, not just what is avail-able publicly but also what is in a clas-sified form. Suffice it to say, I was very impressed. I spent my time looking at her record, looking at her background, talking to her personally, talking to other people in the intelligence com-munity to understand the impact she would have on the men and women of that Agency. I can state that I truly believe she is not only qualified, but she may be the most qualified person you could think of to run this Agency, and she will be good for the Agency. I have the opportunity, when I go around the world to make visits on be-half of the Foreign Relations Com-mittee—I am a member of the Foreign Relations Committee—to meet with CIA personnel. I was in Ukraine, in the Czech Republic, in Germany over the Easter break, with our troops on Easter, and had the opportunity to meet with some of the CIA employees overseas. I can just state, you would be so proud if you had the opportunity, as I have had, to meet with some of these people and talk to them about what they are doing every day to help pro-tect us and the risks they take every day to help protect us on behalf of our national security. Who better to provide the President of the United States with the sort of intelligence analysis needed to deal with so many challenges we face around the world than someone who has been in the trenches, who has been one of those people out in the field like the folks I met with as recently as last month? She is someone who has a deep understanding of intelligence oper-ations. By the way, she is not political at all—not a Republican, not a Democrat. She is a career professional. What bet-ter Agency than the Central Intel-ligence Agency to have someone who is a consummate professional? I believe that is one reason she has such strong support from former CIA Directors. You probably have seen this, but former Secretaries of State and former CIA Directors have come forward to support her, including Republicans and Democrats. The list includes Leon Pa-netta, John Brennan, and James Clap-per, who were all intelligence leaders in the Obama administration. They have come out in support of Gina Haspel. It is easy to see why she is so widely supported. Let me share one quick account I have read about. She is probably too modest to talk about it. One of her as-signments was in a difficult part of the world, a dangerous part of the world. She was a station chief there. She got news that there were two senior al- Qaida associates linked to the Embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania. You may remember those horrible bomb-ings. They were on their way to the country where she was stationed. With that little bit of information, she went to work. As a result of her swift ac-tions and her dedication and intensity, she actually went full time, 24/7—they say she slept on the office floor to the extent she slept at all—and she was able to determine that these terrorists had gone to a particular hotel. Intel-ligence tracked them there, and after a firefight, they were apprehended. These two evil men who had killed so many people in Africa through terrorist at-tacks were stopped, but just as impor-tant, their computers were seized, and their computers revealed the next ter-ror plot they were planning. Lives were saved, and Gina Haspel was awarded by George H.W. Bush the Award for Excel-lence in Counterterrorism. So she has received a lot of honors like that throughout her career. I tell you that story just to give you a sense of who this woman is because I think when we hear debate in this Chamber and talking back and forth, sometimes we forget the fact that these people do work in dangerous situations to pro-tect us. She has been in situations where gunshots have been fired upon her vehi-cle, as an example. She is one of those people who all of these years has been out there serving us, and now for us not to support her, I think would be the wrong thing to do. I look forward to the confirmation. It will be another first for her, the first woman Deputy Director, the first woman Director, but that is not why she is doing it. She is doing it, as she told me today, because she is a patriot. She is from Kentucky, right across the river from where I live in Cin-cinnati, OH. She grew up as a kid who believed in patriotism and service and protecting our country, and she has de-voted her life to this. One final point I hope some of my colleagues who might be listening or who are undecided might think about. This is an incredibly dangerous world we live in right now. Unfortunately, we face a lot of dangers. I just had the chance to talk to Gina Haspel about what is happening with regard to Iran, Syria, and the latest news with regard to the conflict between Israel and Syria. We had a chance to talk at some length about what is happening with regard to the Russian influence in Eastern Europe and particularly what is going on on the eastern border of Ukraine—the line of contact where I was a month ago, learning some of the challenges we now have with getting good intelligence with regard to what is happening in that part of the world. We talked about issues relating to North Korea and the recent return of the three hostages. I can just state, without going into detail, this woman knows the world. There would be no on-the-job training. She has been Dep-uty Director for 18 months, but long before that she had a grasp of what is going on around the world. She knows the people around the world, and she knows her senior leadership team as well. She is a woman who is prepared to step forward at a time when we can-not afford mistakes, when we need to have somebody who has that experi-ence. I would just say to the families we all represent, we are charged with voting up here, but ultimately we are charged with representing millions of Ameri-cans, each of us in our respective States. Think about their safety and think about whom you would want— whom you would want in that position. I would challenge my colleagues to think of somebody who is better quali-fied. I know there are some concerns that have been raised by some of my col-leagues about actions that were taken by the CIA immediately after 9/11. One, we have to put ourselves in that mindset after 9/11 and the great dan-gers we faced. Certain decisions were made that were considered absolutely legal. In fact, the congressional leader-ship, the so-called Big Eight, including the Intelligence Committee, Democrats and Republicans, were all read into it and knew what was going on and were approving of it. In fact, some would say that some Members of Congress even pushed the CIA to do even more in terms of interrogating people and get-ting more information to reveal thoughts that were being planned to save lives. I understand there is new thinking about that, and Gina Haspel herself 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.036 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2614 May 10, 2018 
said in her testimony yesterday that she has evolved her thinking about that, but I would ask those same Mem-bers who were talking about what hap-pened in the early 1990s to think about what is happening today and to wonder who could be more qualified. By the way, if she is not qualified, that means a number of other people, such as anybody in a senior leadership role at the CIA who happened to have been there at that time, would not be qualified, including John Brennan would not be qualified, who got a large bipartisan vote in this body to be the Director of the CIA, even though he was in a higher leadership role at that time at the CIA. So, again, I hope she will be con-firmed. I think she will be confirmed, but I do hope that any colleagues who are wondering which way to go will think about where we are today. It is a dangerous and volatile world. We do need somebody who has that experi-ence, knowledge, background, and wis-dom that comes with years of experi-ence borne of actual experience in the field. And to have this smart, decent, well-qualified woman not be confirmed would be not just bad for the CIA but bad for our country and indeed bad for what all of us hope for, which is a more peaceful world and one where we do have the kind of intelligence we need to be able to keep that peace. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the en bloc consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 740, 830, and 831. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Patrick Hovakimian, of California, to be a Member of the Foreign Claims Settle-ment Commission of the United States for a term expiring September 30, 2020; Gregory Allyn Forest, of North Caro-lina, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of North Carolina for the term of four years; and Bradley A. Maxwell, of Illinois, to be United States Marshal for the Southern Dis-trict of Illinois for the term of four years. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nominations with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nominations be printed in the RECORD , all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Hovakimian, Forest, and Maxwell nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-sume legislative session for a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD ,) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the votes on the confirmation of Executive Calendar No. 690, the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 729, and the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 777. On vote No. 89, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the confirma-tion of Executive Calendar No. 690. On vote No. 90, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 729. On vote No. 91, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 777.∑ 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, yes-terday, May 9, 2018, I was in Terre Haute, IN, to attend the funeral serv-ices for police officer, Rob Pitts, a vet-eran of the Terre Haute Police Depart-ment and a Hoosier hero who was killed in the line of duty while serving his community. As a result, I was un-able to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted in support of the confirmation of Kurt Engelhardt to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, and I would have opposed cloture on the nomination of Michael Brennan to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. 
f 
NOMINATION OBJECTION Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I must regretfully object to the Senate pro-ceeding to the nomination of Chris-topher C. Krebs of Virginia to be Under Secretary of the National Protection and Programs Directorate at the De-partment of Homeland Security, DHS. Since November of 2017, I have urged the Department, and Mr. Krebs specifi-cally, to be more open with the Amer-ican people about the threat posed by foreign governments using cellular sur-veillance technology to target phones in the United States, including those used by senior government officials. In a March 26, 2018, letter, Mr. Krebs revealed to me that DHS ‘‘has observed anomalous activity in the National Capital Region (NCR) that appears to be consistent with International Mo-bile Subscriber Identity (IMSI) catch-ers.’’ However, as I noted in an April 18, 2018, follow-up letter to Mr. Krebs, which was also signed by my colleagues Senator PAUL, Senator G ARDNER , and Senator M
ARKEY , DHS has in recent months shared additional information about these and other incidents with Federal agencies. Specifically, an offi-cial from the DHS National Coordi-nating Center for Communications, NCC, gave a detailed presentation to an audience of Federal Government em-ployees on February 6, 2018. That pres-entation included important informa-tion that I believe the American people have a right to know. My colleagues and I asked Mr. Krebs to remove the ‘‘For Official Use Only,’’ FOUO des-ignation from the slides used at this presentation and make them available for public release. I remain hopeful that this is an issue we can work through and resolve soon. However, until the FOUO designation is removed from those slides and they are made available for public release, I will object to the Senate proceeding with the Krebs nomination. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
INTERNATIONAL FRANCHISE ASSOCIATION ∑Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask that my remarks to the Inter-national Franchise Association be printed in the R
ECORD . The material follows: 
INTERNATIONAL FRANCHISE ASSOCIATION  Mr. ALEXANDER. What I have discovered is that those who like a center-right admin-istration, which I do, have a hard time ac-cepting success. I could probably do the ac-complishments and achievements over the last 15 or 16 months in a 60 second version, which would be a better economy, lower taxes, fewer regulations, more conservative judges, repeal of the part of Dodd Frank that hamstrung small financial institutions in mortgage lending, Alaskan energy, a new NLRB, the local control of schools—that ac-tually happened before President Trump came in because of a Republican majority in the Senate—and the repeal of the individual mandate. That’s a pretty good list. In fact, if you only did economy, taxes, regulations and judges, at the end of four years, most admin-istrations would be pretty happy with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.038 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2615 May 10, 2018 
different direction. So if you cut through all the tweets and the chaos and confusion and the noise and the cable television in Wash-ington, D.C. and look at the direction of the country, I think it’s significantly different. I’ll give a couple of examples of that: roll-ing back regulations—only once before this administration and this Republican majority in Congress, we’ve used a provision in the law that allows us to overturn a regulation with 51 votes. We’ve done it 15 times in the last 15 months, including the blacklisting rule, including the OSHA record keeping rule. Most of you know about all these things in detail so I won’t go into detail, but those are important. They’re unusual and they’re a completely different direction. We passed the first major tax reform for 31 years. In Tennessee, I hear a lot about that, not just from individuals whose taxes are lower but I hear it from corporations who are now paying 21 percent on their income tax. But I’m hearing especially about being able to deduct capital investments in the first year, and I think we can see the results in the economy. We have been able to confirm experienced and qualified nominees in a whole range of areas and I would suggest that in no area has the shift in policy been more marked than in the Labor area. For example, there’s a new labor secretary, Acosta. A new deputy labor secretary, Pizzella. There’s a new NLRB chairman Ring, NLRB member Kaplan, NLRB member Emanuel, NLRB general counsel. Those are big changes in the policy direction of this country. Then we’ve been examining, or these new appointees have been examining policies that are harmful that you work on a regular basis. Let’s start with joint employer guidance. At least Sec-retary Acosta was able to pull back that guidance as it bled over from the NLRB to the department. The problem with the joint-employer deci-sion for me is that we live in a time when it’s harder to find a good middle class job close to home. People are always flying here, flying there in what I would call the Internet economy. The hundreds of thousands of franchisees we have in America are an oppor-tunity for mom or mom and dad or a family to work 12 hours a day, work several days a week, build their own business in their own home, contribute to their own community and be a part of the American middle class. And the joint employer decision during the last administration was a direct assault on that route for the middle class. And I’m glad to see this administration heading in a dif-ferent direction on that as well as the Micro Union decision, as well as beginning to re-view the Ambush Election Rule. These are all major, major decisions. Where are we likely to go on joint employer? Well, the House has done its job, but in the Senate to get legislative results, you need 60 votes, and that’s going to be hard to do—im-possible to do—without Democratic support. We don’t have any Democratic support in the Senate right now. Your association has been working hard to try and develop that. I hear Democrats privately talking about it, but when it comes to co-sponsor a bill or vote for a bill, they don’t want to do that. So I think I would suggest to keep pushing, but a more likely solution is when the NLRB revisits the rule, because that’s after all how it was changed in the first place, and by a new ad-ministration with new appointees from a center-right administration and a center- right Senate that keeps things headed in that direction. Last thing I want to mention to you has to do with what I believe is a prominent Labor Department proposed rule involving health insurance called association health plans. I worked for the last seven months to try to at least temporarily fix the individual market. President Trump asked me to do it. He did a very good job of working with us. In the end, we had a proposal which he called Senator McConnell and Speaker Ryan and asked him to put it in the omnibus spending bill a month ago. They agreed to do it but the Democrats blocked it because Democrats didn’t want to vote for the so called Hyde compromise language that they’d been vot-ing for on elective abortion since 1976 and that they voted for in a hundred other provi-sions in the same bill. The shame of that is that we have millions of Americans who don’t get any government subsidy. A con-tractor, for example, may be earning $60,000 and paying 15 or $20,000 for their insurance. We had a proposal and Oliver Wyman—the experts in health consulting—said over these next three years would reduce those pre-miums up to 40 percent. If you’re paying $20,000 for your health insurance and you get an $8,000 reduction, those are real bucks. So we have to turn to the administration to get changes in the Affordable Care Act. One of the most promising potential administrative changes is Secretary Acosta’s proposed rule, and I hope you’ve followed it. It basically would allow uninsured people who are self- employed and more small business people to enjoy some of the same health insurance benefits that people who work for large com-panies do. Most Americans get a subsidy of some sort from the government for their health insurance. More than half of Ameri-cans get their insurance on the job, they get in effect about a $5,000 subsidy because of the way the tax code interacts with the em-ployer deductions and the income that goes to the employee on large group insurance. So, if you’re a small business person, you get the same kind of insurance that somebody who works for IBM might have. It would be cheaper. I just mentioned the amount of the deduction, and it wouldn’t have the same protections that the large group plans have where you couldn’t be charged because of a pre-existing condition, you couldn’t be denied insurance or be de-nied coverage. You’d have to have coverage offered for your kids up to the age 26. You couldn’t have lifetime limits and you would have of course, the lower costs. That could affect 9,000,000 Americans like the contractor I described who are getting hammered by Obamacare because they get no subsidies when they buy their insurance, and could af-fect the 11,000,000 other people who are self- employed or work for small businesses that don’t provide health insurance. So that rule is not yet final. It’s been published by the Department of Labor for everybody to con-sider. I expect it to soon become final. And I ex-pect that when it is, it’s likely to be the sin-gle greatest development in the near term for individuals who are either uninsured or who worked for small businesses and who can’t afford the insurance that is offered. So thanks for all that you do. We’ll keep our eye on joint employer. At the very least, our committee can continue to focus on it. My hope is that the NLRB revisits the issue soon. And I hope you remember when you think about this administration and you look through the chaos and the tweets and all that goes on here, that if you stripped that all away, there’s a picture of a country head-ing in a significantly different direction with a better economy, lower taxes, fewer regula-tions, more conservative judges, a repeal of a significant part of Dodd Frank, an energy bill in Alaska that we’ve been trying for 40 years to do, a different NLRB, more local control of schools and a repeal the individual mandate. In a big democratic, messy government, that’s a significant shift of direction. I hope we can add joint employer to it before very long.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING THE BUSY BEE CAFE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Mary Ann and Mark Petree for their contributions to Musselshell County as owners of Roundup’s Busy Bee Cafe for almost 50 years. For folks across Musselshell County, the Busy Bee Cafe is iconic. It is a place for the community to gather, have a great meal, and enjoy the best pie in Montana. The Busy Bee Cafe has grown to be a staple in the community, and that comes as a result of their owners, Mary Ann and Mark Petree. Mary Ann and Mark bought the Busy Bee Cafe 49 years ago. When they pur-chased the Busy Bee Cafe, they saw the restaurant’s potential. Business quick-ly grew, and they began expanding the size of the restaurant. Business today remains booming, while still holding onto the personal touches that drew them to the cafe in the first place. With both of their children now grown, Mary Ann and Mark are able to dedicate their time to keeping the business running smoothly. They pride themselves on the local touch of all their food, with 95 percent of it being homemade. Every morning, Mary Ann and Mark start their day by serving coffee to the Busy Bee Cafe regulars. I congratulate Mary Ann and Mark Petree on their 49 years of dedication to the Busy Bee Cafe. As a result of their hard work and attention to detail in every aspect of the business, the Busy Bee Cafe is a local favorite that brings together the greater Musselshell County.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. T. BERRY BRAZELTON ∑Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, today, it is my privilege to honor the work and achievements of Dr. T. Berry Brazelton, who dedicated his life to un-derstanding the development of infants and young children and improving their lives, on what would have been his 100th birthday. Dr. Brazelton passed away on March 13, 2018, in Barnstable, MA. Known as America’s pediatrician, Dr. Brazelton’s pioneering work in child development changed earlier concepts that parenting needed to be a rigid process. In addition to the clinical as-pects of his work as a practicing pedia-trician, he was also a scientist who ob-served, analyzed, and learned about the nature of babies and children and their interactions with their parents. His ob-servations led to newfound under-standings of how infants develop, in-cluding the importance of the parent- child relationship during the first stages of life. Dr. Brazelton also devel-oped strong connections to the parents of the children with whom he worked. He was among the first researchers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.044 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2616 May 10, 2018 
who used video to observe parent-in-fant interactions, and his teachings provided parents with the security and skills they needed to understand their babies. Throughout his career, Dr. Brazelton worked with tens of thou-sands of parents and children, pub-lished more than 30 books on pediatrics and child development, and founded the Brazelton Touchpoints Center at Bos-ton Children’s Hospital. Dr. Brazelton’s work and influence extended past the research lab and his pediatric practice. He created Touchpoints, professional training pro-grams that equip family-facing pro-viders with the skills they need to em-power parents and families through re-search-informed family engagement practice. Dr. Brazelton and I shared a commitment to advancing the health and safety of children, and his ap-proach to child wellness helped to in-spire much of my work on this critical issue. Dr. Brazelton was credited for putting the practice of natural child-birth and breastfeeding back at the forefront of childrearing practices. His research contributed to the removal of lead from gasoline in the United States, the enactment of the Family and Medical Leave Act, and many more policies aimed at expanding the rights of children. Dr. Brazelton was more than just a clinician and scientist. His constant curiosity and charisma allowed him to cross many disciplines. He was a writ-er, a mentor, and a lover of the arts. He was loved by his wife, the late Chris-tina Lowell Brazelton, and is survived by his children, Christina, Catherine, Pauline, and Thomas III, and his seven grandchildren. Dr. Brazelton’s research and findings garnered him many accolades and awards, including the Presidential Citi-zens Medal in 2013. However, the ad-vances he made in science’s under-standing of the importance of the first years of life; the improvements in clin-ical care of infants, young children, and their parents; and the policies based on his scientific contributions to promote healthy child and family de-velopment will leave the biggest mark. We have lost a champion and visionary, but his legacy will live on in the hearts of many, and his work will continue to influence advancements in child devel-opment.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KERRY ADAMS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Kerry Adams, the Wakulla County Teacher of the Year from Shadeville Elementary School in Crawfordville, FL. Kerry says the most important life lesson she teaches her students is that, even though things can be challenging, through struggle and desire they can achieve their goals. The growth her students achieve is especially notable because she works primarily with stu-dents whose previous year’s test scores indicate they are struggling in math and/or reading. Kerry recently had a student who en-tered her class and struggled with new math concepts. She worked with this student as a dedicated teacher who is committed to their student’s success. At the beginning of the school year, he would grow frustrated and not want to correct his work. He settled for failure or less than his fullest potential. Kerry, however, would not settle for anything less than what she knew he could achieve. Later that year, she gave him an as-signment and told him she knew this was hard work, but 1 day, he will think back to this moment and appreciate her actions. This student left her class-room scoring on grade level and ready for success in the future. Kerry graduated summa cum laude from Flagler College, earning a bach-elor’s degree in elementary education and holds the English for Speakers of Other Languages endorsement. She currently teaches math to fifth-grade inclusion classes and has taught all subjects in her 11 years of working with fifth graders. I extend my best wishes to Kerry for her dedication to ensuring her students achieve their full potential. I look for-ward to hearing of her continued suc-cess in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIAN ANDREWS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I am pleased to honor Brian Andrews, the Florida Principal of the Year from Lawton Chiles Middle Academy in Lakeland, FL. Brian’s colleagues commend him for the innovative ways he has led their school to incorporate innovation and technology into everyday learning. In one of the school’s lab classrooms, stu-dents use 3D printers to make their computer-created designs come to life. They are then able to use a large spin-dle device to cut those designs into ply-wood. Elsewhere on campus, students work on and maintain a hydroponic garden. Brian supports these new ideas for students and gives teachers flexibility in implementing the ideas in their classrooms. Brian instills his trust in his teachers to develop lesson plans and implement technology that bene-fits all students. Brian firmly believes that, if some-thing is good for the students, and his teachers focus on those needs that, de-spite the myriad of challenges faced in education, their students will be suc-cessful in life. He teaches his students to believe they can do anything and to believe in themselves. Brian received his bachelor of arts degree in English literature and his master of science in education from Hofstra University in New York. He has worked in public education for 22 years and has served as an English teacher and administrator. I would like to thank Brian for his dedication in providing students with a successful learning environment and for the support he gives to the teach-ers. I extend my best wishes to Brian, and his family, and all of Lawton Chiles Middle Academy and look for-ward to hearing of his continued suc-cess in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO TRACI ATHANASON ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I am pleased to honor Traci Athanason, the Henderson County Teacher of the Year from Spring Hill Elementary School in Spring Hill, FL. Traci believes the most challenging thing about teaching is motivating stu-dents who have no desire to be at school. She tackles this challenge by providing fun, engaging lessons and being her student’s biggest cheerleader. It has been her belief that, when a teacher builds trust and rapport with their students, every student can achieve success. As a teacher, Traci finds the most fulfilling aspect of her profession is empowering her students to take con-trol of their own learning. Though teaching has its challenges, she is a firm believer in knowing every day is a chance for her to make a difference in the lives of her students. The principal of her school attests that Traci is a problem-solver, an inno-vator, and a dynamic mentor to mul-tiple first-year teachers on her team. She helps them build their lesson plans and develop their practice. Traci is currently a fourth grade teacher at Spring Hill Elementary School. She earned her bachelor of arts degree in elementary education, along with her master’s degree in curriculum and instruction from the University of Central Florida. She has taught for 29 years, the last 7 in Hernando County. Her favorite subject to teach is writ-ing. I thank Traci for her devotion to edu-cating students throughout her dis-trict. I extend my best wishes to her and look forward to hearing of her con-tinued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KAYLA BAILEY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Kayla Bailey, the Gulf County Teacher of the Year from Wewahitchka Elementary School in Wewahitchka, FL. Kayla possesses a very positive atti-tude in the classroom and engages her students at a high level. These traits undoubtedly helped contribute to her receiving the Teacher of the Year award. Her colleagues attest that Kayla works hard to learn the needs of every student in order to reach them at their instructional level. Kayla’s desire to teach to the best of her ability and treat every available moment as teach-able for her students distinguishes her among her peers. Kayla is a fifth-grade English lan-guage arts teacher and, although rel-atively new to teaching and to the dis-trict, has quickly gained a reputation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.041 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2617 May 10, 2018 
for her respect to students, parents, staff, and the administration. I am pleased to congratulate Kayla for receiving this important award and her commitment to teaching her stu-dents. I extend my best wishes to her and look forward to hearing of her con-tinued success.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LINDSEY BORCHERDING ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Lindsey Borcherding, the Okeechobee County Teacher of the Year from Yearling Middle School in Okeechobee, FL. Lindsey teaches seventh grade math at Yearling Middle School and said her students were really excited and sup-portive of her nomination. While ac-cepting the award, Lindsey thanked the people who have supported and helped her throughout her teaching ca-reer, especially her students. Lindsey stated that none of this would be pos-sible without the help of countless oth-ers, and she is grateful to be a part of the lives of her students and col-leagues. She said it was an exciting and emotional moment and was incredibly honored to be named the winner. I would like to congratulate Lindsey for her commitment to teaching her students throughout the years. I ex-tend my best wishes to her and look forward to hearing of her continued success.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TESS BORENGASSER ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Tess Borengasser, the Indian River County Teacher of the Year from Glendale Elementary School in Vero Beach, FL. Tess was honored with this award be-cause of her dedication to not only pro-viding her students with the best edu-cational opportunities possible, but also because she strives to provide her new colleagues with ideas to teach their students as well. When these new teachers come to her school, she is a leading voice in helping them establish a successful curriculum for their stu-dents. Tess’s students know that, because of her motivation to encourage and edu-cate, they have someone who is looking out for their best interests and will al-ways be a voice they can rely on when needing help with their schoolwork. These students know Tess listens to their needs and will help them become successful in every way she can. Tess was born in Houston, TX, and grew up in Vero Beach. She graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor’s degree in elementary edu-cation and a master’s degree in special education. She currently leads Glen-dale Elementary School’s second-grade team, teaches at the school’s after-school program, and serves as a mentor for new teachers. I am pleased to congratulate Tess for her dedication to teaching her students over the years. I extend my best wishes to her and look forward to learning of her continued success in her future en-deavors.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO BONNIE BRESNYAN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Bonnie Bresnyan, the Hillsborough County Teacher of the Year from Lewis Elementary School in Temple Terrace, FL. After receiving the Teacher of the Year award, Bonnie said that those who want to make a difference, who want to shape the future, and who want the best for children are the people who teach. She knows these are the people who work in our schools. Bonnie compares her classroom of kindergarten and first grade students to a beehive. She states that all the bees—her students—can and are ex-pected to contribute in some way in making the class a success. Bonnie has also done extensive train-ing for other teachers within the dis-trict. According to her, we retain 95 percent of what we learn when we teach it to someone else. From her stu-dents to her colleagues, they all can at-test that she has a simple message for them: Be the best you can be. Bonnie has been a teacher for 31 years, with 20 of those years in Hillsborough County. She currently serves Lewis Elemen-tary School as a student education spe-cialist. Some of her accomplishments include National Board Certification, 2006–2007 Ida S. Baker Distinguished Educator of the Year finalist, and 2002– 2003 Teacher of the Year—Shaw Ele-mentary/District Finalist. She also trains for the district, mentors new teachers at the University of South Florida, and teaches Sunday School. I would like to extend my best wishes to Bonnie for her hard and look for-ward to hearing of her continued suc-cess in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REBECCA CASKEY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I am pleased to recognize Rebecca Caskey, the Citrus County Teacher of the Year from Citrus Springs Elemen-tary School in Citrus Springs, FL. Rebecca believes students need a cur-riculum that teaches skills such as self-awareness, self-management, so-cial awareness, relationship building, and responsible decision-making that will provide the tools to succeed in school, their future careers, and in life. Rebecca is encouraged when she wit-nesses students authentically apply and communicate newly learned con-cepts and behaviors with peers in new constructs and environments. These opportunities motivate her to continue developing challenging, engaging, and rigorous learning experiences for chil-dren that leave a lasting impact into adulthood. Rebecca has taught physical science, biology, environmental science, and general math skills in secondary edu-cation and has provided guidance and counseling services in elementary edu-cation. She also provides therapeutic services to children in the private sec-tor. Rebecca currently teaches K–5 with a self-made program titled SEEK UP, promoting Self-Esteem, Empathy, and Kindness by Unifying Peers. As a member of Citrus Springs Elementary School’s administrative team, she serves in a leadership capacity by cre-ating and executing decisions bene-fiting the advancement of the school’s overall culture. Rebecca holds a bachelor’s degree in animal science, a master’s degree in counseling, and has a license for men-tal health counseling from the Board of Clinical Social Work, Marriage, and Family Therapy and Mental Health Counseling. Throughout her 14 years in the educational system, she has worked at the elementary, middle, and high school levels. I would like to thank Rebecca for the good work she has done for her stu-dents over the years. I wish her the best and look forward to learning of her continued success in coming years.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO TAMMY CHABOT ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Tammy Chabot, the Collier County Teacher of the Year from Gulf Coast High School in Naples, FL. Fittingly, Tammy was notified of her Teacher of the Year award while she was teaching one of her classes. Her students and colleagues praise Tammy for her dedication to ensuring those who enter her classroom are able to achieve success and gain a better un-derstanding of science. Tammy also seeks to establish a rela-tionship with her students’ parents, with many congratulating her for win-ning this award. Outside of the class-room, Tammy and her colleagues note the importance of student involvement in clubs and activities. Tammy teaches at Gulf Coast High School in the Science Department. She has served as a sponsor for her school’s Girl Up! Club and was named a Dis-covery Education STEAM Award win-ner in 2016. I extend my best wishes to Tammy for her hard work throughout the years and look forward to hearing of her con-tinued success in the upcoming years. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LYNSEE DICKS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Lynsee Dicks, the Suwannee County Teacher of the Year from Bran-ford Elementary School in Branford, FL. Lynsee’s former students say her pas-sion, dedication and determination pushed them to the edge and then con-vinced them to jump in. This passion for learning motivates those around her to work hard in the classroom. Lynsee’s determination has shown stu-dents how to persevere even when the challenge seemed overwhelming. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.049 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2618 May 10, 2018 
At the Teacher of the Year awards ceremony, Lynsee felt overwhelmed and humbled to hear the firsthand ac-counts from her students on how she inspired them. She thanked God and believes He makes teachers special in Heaven, crafting them with hands to serve in an array of capacities and to be ready at any moment for anything. Lynsee is currently a fifth-grade teacher of writing and social studies in Suwannee County. She has been in-structing students for the past 14 years in grades ranging from second to eighth. At the University of Florida, she earned a bachelor’s degree in adver-tising and holds a master’s degree in curriculum and instruction from Flor-ida Gulf Coast University. While work-ing as a substitute teacher, she fell in love with educating children and be-came certified through a transition-to- teaching program in Florida. I express my best wishes to Lynsee for her dedication to her students and look forward to hearing of her contin-ued success in the years ahead. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CATHY FELTY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Cathy Felty, the Bay County Teacher of the Year from Margaret K. Lewis School in Panama City, FL. Cathy is the media guru at Margaret K. Lewis School, running the media center and striving to inspire her stu-dents to reach their full potential. Ac-cording to her colleagues, the media center is the heart of Margaret K. Lewis School, and Cathy is its heart-beat. Many years ago, Cathy interned at an elementary school, and at the time, it was not what she was looking for. When a position opened up at Mar-garet K. Lewis, however, it turned out to be the best thing that ever happened to her. She loves her job and focuses on doing what is best for her students. After winning this award, Cathy took a flight in an adversary T–38 aircraft, becoming the first teacher to do so. While she considers herself a thrill- seeker, she was more focused on how to share this unique experience with her students. She plans to use her flight as an opportunity to work with students, teaching them about flight and the military. Her desire to incorporate per-sonal experiences into her lesson plans demonstrates why she was named Teacher of the Year. In sum, she is al-ways thinking of how to better the lives of her students. Cathy has worked at Margaret K. Lewis School for 21 years and has been a pioneer for the creation of the school’s media center. She specializes in helping and advocating for students with cognitive disabilities. I would like to extend my best wishes to Cathy for her dedication to teaching for more than two decades. I look for-ward to hearing of her continued suc-cess in the years to come.∑ TRIBUTE TO LENORA HENDERSON ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Lenora Henderson, the Wash-ington County Teacher of the Year from Chipley High School in Chipley, FL. When Lenora began teaching chem-istry, she quickly learned that her stu-dents became bored with lectures. They were more interested and performed better when they were doing more than just listening. She saw they loved being out of their seats, talking, and trying to figure things out on their own. As a result, she designed her les-son plans to include such activity. Over the past few years, she devel-oped a curriculum with the hopes of eventually flipping her classroom. Flipping means she has removed lec-tures from part of the curriculum and reserved that time for higher-order thinking skills and project-based learn-ing. Her regular and honors chemistry classes are partially flipped, while her advanced placement chemistry class is completely flipped. Her students use livescribes and a livebinder to retrieve background information before coming to class to discuss assignments. This allows more time in class for them to complete individual hands-on activi-ties, laboratories, and cooperative learning activities. Lenora was excited to receive the Teacher of the Year recognition, say-ing she has been waiting for a long time, but stated in her acceptance speech she knew this would happen on God’s timing, not her own. Her faith plays a key role when it comes to teaching. She has been with the Wash-ington County School District for 12 years. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Lenora for all of the hard work she does for her students. I ex-tend my best wishes to her and look forward to hearing of her future en-deavors.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOAN KENNETT ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Joan Kennett, the Walton Coun-ty Teacher of the Year from South Walton High School in Santa Rosa Beach, FL. Joan was in shock and humbled after she was named Teacher of the Year. She considers it an honor and privilege to represent every teacher and student in Walton County. She is a mentor to other teachers and an advocate for de-veloping best classroom practices. In the spring of 2017, Joan’s students scored 97 percent and ranked fifth Statewide on the biology State test. She has also been awarded grants from Walton Education Foundation and the National Defense Industrial Associa-tion ACCELerator Program to enrich students in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics. Besides helping her students in the classroom, Joan also assists with var-ious school organizations. Joan moti-vates student leaders within the school and community as the Student Govern-ment Association sponsor and helps with projects such as the Senior Cit-izen Prom. Joan earned her bachelor of science degree from Kennesaw State College and received her gifted credentials from West Georgia State College. She has taught in Georgia, Indiana, and Florida, and has now taught biology for 27 years, with 5 years at South Wal-ton High School. I congratulate Joan for receiving this important recognition after decades of teaching. I express my best wishes to her and look forward to hearing of her continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO AMANDA M CGHEE ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Amanda McGhee, the Calhoun County Teacher of the Year from Blountstown High School in Blountstown, FL. As a teenager, Amanda felt that high school was a place with caring teachers who took the time to teach the content while maintaining discipline and, at the same time, asking about your sick brother or sister at home. She thought these teachers seemed to know every-thing about their students and admired their notion to care for students. She is inspired every day to bring this same feeling of connectedness, hope, and a passion for learning to her students. She seeks to pass along what was given to her and seeks to validate, teach, and inspire the next generation. Amanda’s colleagues say she teaches her students the foundational skills and then acts as a facilitator that nur-tures their ideas to create video game apps, build robots, create videos, use 3D printers, and fly drones to record video. She also teaches her students strategies for critical thinking and in-volves them in project-based learning that allows them to apply their mathe-matical skills. Amanda has been a teacher at Blountstown High School for more than 10 years. Currently, she teaches advanced placement science, along with experimental science, digital media, and aerospace technologies in conjunction with Embry-Riddle Aero-nautical University. I would like to thank Amanda for her hard work to provide students with a successful learning environment. I ex-tend my best wishes to her and look forward to hearing of her continued success in the coming years. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LYNN MONGIARDINI ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Lynn Mongiardini, the Charlotte County Teacher of the Year from Sallie Jones Elementary School in Punta Gorda, FL. Lynn received the Teacher of the Year award because of her dedication 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.050 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2619 May 10, 2018 
to her students to equip them with the necessary skills needed to achieve suc-cess in both the classroom and real world. She is a member of the district core team responsible for the roll out of the comprehensive literacy frame-work. Her passion is finding ways to improve students’ thinking around aca-demic and social challenges by actively contributing to the growth mindset in professional learning communities and its philosophies. As both a parent and a teacher, Lynn understands the needs of her students and their families. She uses this under-standing to create a nurturing class-room environment that fosters the highest level of learning. Lynn has been teaching in Charlotte County schools since 2006. She has served as an educator for the second, third, and fifth grades at Peace River Elementary, Myakka River Elemen-tary, and currently at Sallie Jones Ele-mentary School. I extend my best wishes to Lynn for her hard work and dedication to her students and look forward to hearing of her continued success in the upcoming years.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARTIN O’HORA ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Martin O’Hora, the Highlands County Teacher of the Year from Avon Park High School in Avon Park, FL. Martin says he has always wanted to be a teacher thanks to his parents, who served as teachers for more than 30 years. Their dedication to teaching helped guide him to becoming a teach-er himself, and he knew how important it is for students to have a positive in-fluence in their lives. Martin’s colleagues and students at-test to his commitment as a teacher and coach by noting he is someone they can always come to for advice and help. Martin received this important recognition because he fulfills and ex-ceeds all that is expected from teach-ers. Martin has been at Avon Park High School since 2014, teaching exceptional student education and algebra before his current resource position at the school, while also coaching the boys basketball team. He started teaching in the district in 2011 at Hill-Gustate Middle School. I would like to extend my best wishes to Martin for his hard work and look forward to hearing of his continued success in the years ahead.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SARAH ANNE ELIZABETH ORAVEC ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Sarah Anne Elizabeth Oravec, the DeSoto County Teacher of the Year from Arcadia, FL. Sarah received the Teacher of the Year award for her exemplary enthu-siasm, innovative teaching approaches, and genuine concern for education. Her dedication to achieving excel-lence has earned her an enviable rep-utation as an excellent teacher and coach who truly cares about people and is generous with her time. Sarah dem-onstrates the highest level of profes-sional commitment and competency in her work with students and colleagues. Sarah has been a valued teacher in the DeSoto school district for more than 3 years and 5 months as the Dis-trict ESOL Instructional Coach. Her positive attitude, hard work, and re-spect for children is a true asset to DeSoto County. I would like to express my sincere ap-preciation to Sarah and look forward to hearing of her continued success in the years ahead.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO CATHERINE TINSLEY PEEL ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I commend Catherine Tinsley Peel, the Holmes County Teacher of the Year from Ponce de Leon Elementary School in Ponce de Leon, FL. After Catherine won the Teacher of the Year award, she noted that, when new challenges arise daily in the edu-cational field, she approaches them with excitement and suspense. She has a passion to help students in her home-town to become the best academically and socially. Knowing she can help students in-spired her to become a teacher, and each time she receives a handwritten note, card, or illustration saying they appreciate her, she considered it proof that she is doing her job correctly. While teaching requires many de-mands, she would not trade it for any-thing because she gets to make a dif-ference in children’s daily lives. Catherine is a fourth grade teacher at Ponce de Leon Elementary school. She is a Ponce de Leon High School alumni who has taught first and third grades, but has now found her home teaching fourth grade. I congratulate Catherine for her hard work and commitment to teaching her students. I express my best wishes to her and look forward to hearing of her future endeavors.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HEATHER PHILLIPS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I commend Heather Phillips, the Okaloosa County Teacher of the Year from Bluewater Elementary School in Niceville, FL. Heather knows that being an educa-tor is never predictable, and she thrives on the ever-changing nature of her profession. Heather was humbled to be considered among such an im-mensely talented group of educators and considers it an honor to represent her school, and district, as its Teacher of the Year. She loves seeing the world through the eyes of children and allows their energy to influence her focus on what truly matters. Her teaching experi-ences in Japan and Hong Kong helped her appreciate diversity, and she works to implement these experiences in the classroom. Heather is a 15-year educator who currently teaches fourth grade. She is an active member of her church in Niceville and enjoys being part of the community. I am pleased to congratulate Heather for her dedication to teaching her stu-dents. I extend my best wishes to Heather and look forward to learning of her continued success in her future endeavors.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO CHELSEA SMITH ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Chelsea Smith, the Hamilton County Teacher of the Year from Ham-ilton County Elementary School in Jasper, FL. Chelsea believes it is important to show her students that she cares about them being successful as individuals. Her students come to her from various socioeconomic backgrounds and aca-demic capabilities, but they all seek success. According to Chelsea, her edu-cational philosophy is based on teach-ing students to learn how to deal with frustrations in order to break the learning barrier. Her students can then work on academically improving one-self to become proficient. Implementa-tion of enrichment opportunities should be incorporated to challenge students once they have achieved mas-tery of grade level skills. Chelsea says each student has a dif-ferent mindset for what success means. It is her responsibility to seek out the individual and determine what he or she needs in order to be triumphant. Her students begin class by knowing they will search for whatever oppor-tunity today’s class will bring in order to achieve individual success. Every day, once all students are in her class-room, she counts to three, and they re-cite the quote: I am important. I am intelligent. I will do my best. I will seek opportunity over obligation. Chelsea has a bachelor’s of science degree in elementary education and a master of education degree in edu-cation leadership education and train-ing management/instructional tech-nology. She has taught fifth or sixth grade since 2013. I am pleased to recognize Chelsea for her dedication to providing her stu-dents with the opportunity to be suc-cessful. I extend my best wishes to her and look forward to hearing of her con-tinued success.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FIRST SERGEANT TERRY WALKER ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor 1SG Terry Walker, the Jefferson County Teacher of the Year from Jef-ferson K–12 Somerset School in Monti-cello, FL. Terry has been a valued member of the Jefferson County School District for 9 years as the Junior Reserve Offi-cers Training Corps instructor. He is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.047 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2620 May 10, 2018 
favorite among students and staff be-cause he leads by example. His stu-dents trust his judgement and know he is someone that is dedicated to guiding them through school. Terry’s students respect him for the type of mindset he brings to the class-room. Those who have spent time with Terry describe him as a teacher who is dedicated to making sure his students reach their full potential, whether with the JROTC or in their academic ca-reers. Terry’s colleagues and students are proud to have him represent both Jefferson County and Jefferson K–12 Somerset School as Teacher of the Year. I am pleased to extend my best wish-es to Terry for the dedication he has shown to his students and look forward to hearing of his continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING SAMUEL EASON BALCH ∑Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of Samuel Eason Balch of Birmingham, AL, who passed away peacefully at his home on April 14, 2018. He will be long remembered for his love of life and his ability to main-tain a positive outlook despite any ad-versity that came his way. Mr. Balch’s industrious spirit began showing at a young age. While attend-ing high school, he tended to his family farm and worked at a local drugstore. Following graduation, Mr. Balch en-tered the University of Alabama School of Commerce, where he quickly became involved in the political scene and the campus social scene. After earning his bachelor of science in busi-ness, Eason enlisted in the U.S. Army. Mr. Balch began his military career by entering the Army Officers’ Train-ing Corps, OTC, exhibiting his dedi-cated work ethic from the start. He was quickly commissioned second lieu-tenant. After graduating from OTC, he was transferred to Fort Pickett, VA, where he was promoted to captain and shipped out to La Havre, France. Eason finished his time in the Army as a major. It will not be forgotten that Mr. Balch spent much of the first half of his life serving our great Nation, prov-ing his honor and dedication to service. Following his years of service to the Army, Eason attended the University of Virginia School of Law. After receiv-ing his law degree, he and his family moved to Birmingham where he joined the law firm Martin, Turner, and McWhorter, which is today known as Balch and Bingham. Mr. Balch played an integral role in developing and growing the firm and went on to be-come a highly respected, valued ad-viser for many young lawyers through-out Alabama. I, along with many oth-ers, considered Eason to be one of the top utility lawyers in the United States. Outside of his professional career, Mr. Balch held a national presence in the Public Utility Bar and served on the board of directors for the Alabama Power Company for over 20 years. He was also a devoted member of the Ca-thedral Church of the Advent in Bir-mingham, AL, for 70 years. Eason and his lovely wife, Betsy, were good friends to my wife, Annette, and me for many years. I will always remember his ability to entertain any audience. Eason never met a stranger. I offer my deepest condolences to Eason’s children and to all of his loved ones as they celebrate his life and mourn this great loss.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and withdrawals which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13667 OF MAY 12, 2014, WITH RE-SPECT TO THE CENTRAL AFRI-CAN REPUBLIC—PM 37 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report, which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014, with respect to the Central African Republic, is to continue in effect beyond May 12, 2018. The situation in and in relation to the Central African Republic, which has been marked by a breakdown of law and order, intersectarian tension, widespread violence and atrocities, and the pervasive, often forced recruitment and use of child soldiers, threatens the peace, security, or stability of the Cen-tral African Republic and the neigh-boring states, and continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign pol-icy of the United States. Therefore, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to the Central African Republic declared in Executive Order 13667. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 10, 2018. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:03 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2152. An act to require States and units of local government receiving funds under grant programs operated by the De-partment of Justice, which use such funds for pretrial services programs, to submit to the Attorney General a report relating to such program, and for other purposes. H.R. 5645. An act to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attor-ney General exercises such authority. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 112. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I. 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED  
The message further announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled joint resolution: 
S.J. Res. 57. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lend-ing and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’. 
The enrolled joint resolution was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 11:46 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 3210. An act to require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bu-reau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2152. An act to require States and units of local government receiving funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.046 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2621 May 10, 2018 
under grant programs operated by the De-partment of Justice, which use such funds for pretrial services programs, to submit to the Attorney General a report relating to such program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 5645. An act to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attor-ney General exercises such authority; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, May 10, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled joint resolution: 
S.J. Res. 57. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lend-ing and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–223. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to enact H.R. 2603, or similar legislation, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1008 Whereas, H.R. 2603, the Saving America’s Endangered Species Act, or the SAVES Act, has been introduced in the United States House of Representatives; and Whereas, this important legislation would amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to provide that nonnative species in the United States not be treated as endangered or threatened species for the purposes of that act. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Congress enact H.R. 2603, or similar legislation, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–224. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to act to address the border sanitation problems that have resulted from the inadequate mainte-nance of the Naco, Sonora wastewater treat-ment facility; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1012 Whereas, Naco, Arizona and Naco, Sonora are sister cities on either side of the United States-Mexico border; and Whereas, the Naco, Sonora wastewater treatment facility is located adjacent to the international border and was last upgraded two decades ago; and Whereas, the Naco, Sonora wastewater treatment facility has not been adequately maintained and, as a result, regularly ex-ceeds capacity during periods of equipment maintenance, rain or other events that inter-rupt normal operations; and Whereas, exceedances of capacity have re-sulted in intermittent flows of untreated wastewater for years from the surface dis-charge point in Naco, Sonora across the international boundary onto public and pri-vate property in and adjacent to Naco, Ari-zona; and Whereas, as stated in Minute No. 273 titled Recommendations for the Solution of the Border Sanitation Problem at Naco, Arizona- Naco, Sonora, which was executed by the United States and Mexico sections of the International Boundary and Water Commis-sion, the ‘‘Commissioners observed that the border sanitation problem in the Naco, Ari-zona-Naco, Sonora area results from the Naco, Sonora wastewater collection, treat-ment and disposal system into the natural drainage courses that flow northward across the international boundary’’; and Whereas, also according to Minute No. 273, the ‘‘Commissioners further observed that because of the topography, the natural drainage traverses a wellfield area which provides the municipal water supply for the City of Bisbee, Arizona’’; and Whereas, Minute No. 273 also references Article 3 of the 1944 Treaty on the Utiliza-tion of the Water of the Colorado and Ti-juana Rivers and of the Rio Grande, which stipulates that the two Governments ‘‘agree to give preferential attention to the solution of all border sanitation problems’’; and Whereas, the International Outfall Inter-ceptor is the binational sewage pipe that conveys wastewater from Sonora and Ari-zona to the Nogales International Waste-water Treatment Plant; and Whereas, the United States International Boundary and Water Commission and the City of Nogales are co-owners of the Nogales International Wastewater Treatment Plant, which provides treatment of sewage for both Nogales, Arizona and Nogales, Sonora; and Whereas, legislation has been introduced in the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives to direct the United States section of the International Boundary and Water Commission to charge Nogales, Arizona an equitable proportion of the costs for operating and maintaining the Nogales sanitation project based on the aver-age daily volume of wastewater originating from Nogales; and Whereas, the proposed legislation declares that Nogales is not obligated to contribute any capital costs of repairing or upgrading the project; and Whereas, Arizonans who reside near the Arizona-Mexico border are concerned about the quality of drinking water because of pre-vious international sewage disasters. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Congress act to address the border sanitation problems that have resulted from the inadequate mainte-nance of the Naco, Sonora wastewater treat-ment facility. 2. That the United States Congress enact the Nogales Wastewater Fairness Act as a necessary first step in reaching a comprehen-sive solution to ongoing border sewage com-plications of the Arizona border. 3. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–225. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to act ex-peditiously to increase and maintain staffing for qualified and properly vetted Customs Field Office personnel at the ports of entry in Nogales, Douglas and San Luis, Arizona in order to prudently speed the flow of goods and commerce; to the Committee on Fi-nance. HOUSE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 2002 Whereas, the United States and Mexico are important trade partners, and commerce be-tween the two countries is a critical source of jobs, income and exchange; and Whereas, according to the United States Department of Commerce, more than $500 billion in bilateral trade and over $100 billion in cross-border investment occur annually; and Whereas, in Arizona, $28 billion in two-way trade is processed annually through Arizo-na’s ports of entry, and Whereas, according to the United States Census Bureau, Arizona exports to Mexico totaled $7.1 billion in 2013; and Whereas, the prime conduits for cross-bor-der trade are through the ports of entry in Nogales, Douglas and San Luis, Arizona; and Whereas, the Customs Field Office per-sonnel within the United States Customs and Border Protection service of the United States Department of Homeland Security serve a vital function in promoting security and economic stability; and Whereas, the lack of capacity and staffing for customs inspections at these primary entry points creates congestion for incoming and outgoing goods, hampers commercial ac-tivity and potentially compromises border security; and Whereas, these impediments ultimately translate into perished agricultural produce and lost business opportunities and income; and Whereas, the rapid delivery of goods and commerce enhances business activity and strengthens economic integration; and Whereas, greater inspection capacity at the ports of entry in Nogales, Douglas and San Luis, Arizona will enhance the safety and swiftness of goods moving across the border, benefiting the economies of both na-tions; and Whereas, increasing the number of Cus-toms Field Office personnel at these United States border sites will facilitate commer-cial traffic and will result in increased eco-nomic growth and stability for Arizona; and Whereas, a letter dated October 14, 2014 that was signed by every member of the Ari-zona Congressional delegation and sent to the United States Department of Homeland Security expressed the need for greater staff-ing and allocation of personnel to Arizona’s ports of entry. Wherefore your memorialist, the House of Representatives of the State of Arizona, the Senate concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Congress act ex-peditiously to increase and maintain staffing for qualified and properly vetted Customs Field Office personnel at the ports of entry in Nogales, Douglas and San Luis, Arizona in order to prudently speed the flow of goods and commerce. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–226. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania urging the Secretary of Health and Human Services to select former Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Willow Grove and the former Naval Air War-fare Center Warminster and Horsham, War-rington and Warminster Townships for an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.008 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2622 May 10, 2018 
exposure assessment and study on human health implications of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances contamination; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 682 Whereas, The United States military used foam containing perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) and perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA), unregulated contaminants, in firefighting training at two former bases, Naval Air Sta-tion Joint Reserve Base Willow Grove in Horsham Township, Montgomery County, and Naval Air Warfare Center Warminster in Warminster Township, Bucks County, Penn-sylvania; and Whereas, The former Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Willow Grove is the loca-tion of Horsham Air Guard Station, an ac-tive base of the Pennsylvania Air National Guard; and Whereas, The chemicals have appeared in elevated levels in public and private water wells; and Whereas, PFOS and PFOA are ‘‘extremely persistent in the environment and resistant to typical environmental degradation proc-esses,’’ according to the Environmental Pro-tection Agency (EPA), which has also stated: ‘‘The toxicity, mobility and bioaccumulation potential of PFOS and PFOA pose potential adverse effects for the environment and human health’’; and Whereas, A growing body of science has es-tablished associations between PFOS and PFOA and a range of health effects, includ-ing a variety of cancers; and Whereas, The chemicals were first discov-ered in local public water supplies near the former military bases by an EPA testing pro-gram, resulting in several public water wells being taken offline; and Whereas, On May 19, 2016, the EPA issued an update to its health advisory for PFOS and PFOA that significantly reduces the amount considered safe in drinking water: in the worst possible case, water containing the chemicals at an amount previously deemed safe would now be more than eight times over the recommended limits; and Whereas, The new recommended levels have resulted in officials from the Horsham Water and Sewer Authority, Warminster Mu-nicipal Authority and Warrington Township Water and Sewer Department shutting down contaminated public drinking water wells, including 16 municipal wells in Horsham, Warrington and Warminster Townships and nearly 150 private wells; and Whereas, Section 316 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91, 131 Stat. 1283 requires the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct an exposure as-sessment of at least eight current or former domestic military installations known to have perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl sub-stances (PFASs) contamination, which in-cludes PFOS and PFOA, in addition to com-mencing a study on the human health impli-cations of PFASs contamination in sources of water and relevant exposure pathways: Therefore be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania urge the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services to select these two in-stallations and Horsham, Warrington and Warminster Townships for the exposure as-sessment and the study on human health im-plications; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States, to the presiding officers of each house of Congress, to each member of Con-gress from Pennsylvania, to the United States Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices and to the United States Secretary of Defense. POM–227. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Michigan urging the United States Congress to take action on immigration reform; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 15 Whereas, Shortly after our Founding Fa-thers crafted the Declaration of Independ-ence in 1776 and we became an independent, self-governing nation, immigration and nat-uralization policies were enacted to govern the stream of foreign nationals who sought out this great nation. Over the course of our country’s history, the Congress and Presi-dent of the United States have updated these policies in response to domestic and world events and economic evolution; and Whereas, Michigan has continued to wel-come more and more immigrant families to our state. In 1990, foreign-born residents in Michigan accounted for 38 percent of the population. By 2015, that figure had in-creased to 66 percent. According to 2014 data from the U.S. Census Bureau, the state of Michigan ranks 15th nationally in the num-ber of foreign-born residents; and Whereas, Immigrants are indispensable to a healthy state economy, and their contribu-tions are substantial. Immigrants account for approximately 7.2 percent of Michigan’s workforce. One-third of Michigan’s Fortune 500 companies were formed by immigrants or their children. These firms generate $186.4 billion annually and employ 400,000 individ-uals around the world. Immigrants are also indispensable to Michigan’s farming commu-nity, accounting for 58 percent of the eco-nomic impact of the state’s farming sector; and Whereas, Everyday Americans have be-come increasingly frustrated with the cur-rent immigration and naturalization system. Organizations and leaders from across the ideological spectrum—spanning from busi-ness groups to faith leaders and from edu-cators to human service organizations— agree that a comprehensive approach is nec-essary to resolve the country’s long-standing immigration and naturalization problems; and Whereas, A 21st-century nation requires 21st-century immigration and naturalization policies. For too long, comprehensive immi-gration reform has been an unaddressed pri-ority of both political parties and in many states, including the state of Michigan. The absence of such reform leaves in place a patchwork of policies that creates confusion, uncertainty, and fear within immigrant com-munities and for employers, universities, and congregations of various faiths. Moreover, our nation’s imperfect immigration system dampens tourism and burdens our state and local governments with high enforcement and legal costs. Only a bipartisan solution to our nation’s immigration woes will ensure that our nation’s physical and economic well-being are secure, now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (THE SENATE CONCURRING), That we me-morialize the Congress of the United States to take action on immigration reform; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional dele-gation. 
POM–228. A resolution adopted by the Lau-derdale Lakes City Commission, Lauderdale Lakes, Florida memorializing its opposition to the addition of a question regarding citi-zenship being added to the 2020 United States Census questionnaire; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. POM–229. A resolution adopted by the City Council of the City of Solana Beach, Cali-fornia urging federal and state representa-tives to enact responsible gun safety regula-tions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. POM–230. A resolution adopted by the City Council of the City of Solana Beach, Cali-fornia urging federal and state representa-tives to enact responsible gun safety regula-tions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 1867. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to eliminate the sunset of cer-tain provisions relating to information tech-nology, to amend the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to extend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–244). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 2178. A bill to require the Council of In-spectors General on Integrity and Efficiency to make open recommendations of Inspec-tors General publicly available, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–245). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 79. A bill to provide for the establish-ment of a pilot program to identify security vulnerabilities of certain entities in the en-ergy sector (Rept. No. 115–246). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 1059. A bill to extend the authorization of the Uranium Mill Tailings Radiation Con-trol Act of 1978 relating to the disposal site in Mesa County, Colorado (Rept. No. 115–247). S. 1981. A bill to amend the Natural Gas Act to expedite approval of exports of small volumes of natural gas, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–248). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Mark Jeremy Bennett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Nancy E. Brasel, of Minnesota, to be United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota. Robert R. Summerhays, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana. Eric C. Tostrud, of Minnesota, to be United States District Judge for the District of Min-nesota. Cheryl A. Lydon, of South Carolina, to be United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina for the term of four years. Sonya K. Chavez, of New Mexico, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Mexico for the term of four years. Scott E. Kracl, of Nebraska, to be United States Marshal for the District of Nebraska for the term of four years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.018 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2623 May 10, 2018 
J. C. Raffety, of West Virginia, to be United States Marshal for the Northern Dis-trict of West Virginia for the term of four years. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. M CCASKILL: S. 2812. A bill to improve consumer protec-tions for customers of air ambulance opera-tors, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 2813. A bill to amend the Agricultural Adjustment Act to assist small cheese pro-ducers; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself, Mr. K
ING, and Mr. T
HUNE ): S. 2814. A bill to amend the Federal Meat Inspection Act and the Poultry Products In-spection Act to allow the interstate sale of State-inspected meat and poultry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , and Mr. C ORNYN ): S. 2815. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to increase transparency and oversight of third-party litigation funding in certain actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ENZI: S. 2816. A bill to clarify that funding for the Securities Investor Protection Corpora-tion is not subject to the sequester; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. ENZI: S. 2817. A bill to clarify that funding for the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board is not subject to the sequester; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. M
UR-
PHY): S. 2818. A bill to clarify that funding for the standard setting body designated pursu-ant to section 19(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 is not subject to the sequester; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. INHOFE: S. 2819. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to report on opioid pre-scribing rates of physicians of the Veterans Health Administration and to conduct pain management training for those physicians with the highest rates of opioid prescribing; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 2820. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the Trump tax in-crease on victims of sexual harassment; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. SMITH (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. K ING, Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. C OONS , and Ms. H
IRONO ): S. 2821. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radiation exposed vet-erans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. ROBERTS ): S. 2822. A bill to amend the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to expand the availability of programs of the Department of Agriculture to veteran farm-ers and ranchers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. J ONES , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 2823. A bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CASEY: S. 2824. A bill to amend the Food, Con-servation, and Energy Act of 2008 to estab-lish in each State a network between agri-cultural producers and food banks to provide food to the needy and reduce food waste, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 2825. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to modify provisions relating to inter-national border areas, marginal areas, and rural transport areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 2826. A bill to safeguard certain tech-nology and intellectual property in the United States from export to or influence by the People’s Republic of China and to protect United States industry from unfair competi-tion by the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 2827. A bill to amend the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. 2828. A bill to develop and identify indi-cators of potentially fraudulent and disrepu-table recovery housing operators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ): S. 2829. A bill to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to require Federal Reserve banks to interview at least one individual reflec-tive of gender diversity and one individual reflective of racial or ethnic diversity when appointing Federal Reserve bank presidents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Ms. S TABE -
NOW): S. 2830. A bill to reauthorize the rural emergency medical services training and equipment assistance program under section 330J of the Public Health Service Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. L
EE): S. 2831. A bill to redesignate Golden Spike National Historic Site and to establish the Transcontinental Railroad Network; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 2832. A bill to require the collection of data by officers enforcing United States laws and regulations, including at border security stops within United States borders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. HOEVEN: S. 2833. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to improve the calculation of county-level agriculture risk coverage pay-ments; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. By Mr. HOEVEN: S. 2834. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to improve the wetland conserva-tion program; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. Res. 503. A resolution commemorating the tricentennial of the City of San Antonio, Texas; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ): S. Res. 504. A resolution designating May 11, 2018, as Military Spouse Appreciation Day; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. D AINES , Mr. K ING, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C AR-
PER, Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. K AINE, Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. H
OEVEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. J
ONES , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. H ATCH , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Mrs. H YDE-SMITH): S. Res. 505. A resolution recognizing the roles and contributions of the teachers of the United States in building and enhancing the civic, cultural, and economic well-being of the United States; considered and agreed to. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. N ELSON , and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ): S. Res. 506. A resolution supporting the designation of May 15, 2018, as ‘‘National Senior Fraud Awareness Day’’ to raise awareness about the increasing number of fraudulent schemes targeted at older people of the United States, to encourage the imple-mentation of policies to prevent these scams from happening, and to improve protections from these scams for seniors; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 256 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 256, a bill to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot pro-gram to address human trafficking in the health care system. 
S. 477 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 477, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal con-genital heart disease research and sur-veillance efforts and to improve public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.022 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2624 May 10, 2018 
education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 751, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a Na-tional Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. 
S. 781 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 781, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to limit the liability of health care professionals who volunteer to provide health care services in response to a disaster. 
S. 783 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 783, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute mater-nity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. 
S. 821 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 821, a bill to promote ac-cess for United States officials, jour-nalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes. 
S. 991 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 991, a bill to prohibit drilling in the Arctic Ocean. 
S. 1086 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1086, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to remove the pro-hibition on eligibility for TRICARE Reserve Select of members of the re-serve components of the Armed Forces who are eligible to enroll in a health benefits plan under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Michi-gan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sus-tain the health of mothers during preg-nancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. S. 1338 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1338, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to the United States Army Dust Off crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in recognition of their extraordinary heroism and life- saving actions in Vietnam. 
S. 1348 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1348, a bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to require drug manufacturers to publicly justify unnecessary price increases. 
S. 1357 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1357, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide a standard definition of therapeutic fam-ily care services in Medicaid. 
S. 1689 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1689, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for a new rule regarding the application of the Act to marihuana, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1871 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1871, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1917 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. K
AINE) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1917, a bill to reform sen-tencing laws and correctional institu-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2144 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2144, a bill to provide a process for granting lawful permanent resident status to aliens from certain countries who meet specified eligibility requirements. 
S. 2208 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2208, a bill to provide for the issuance of an Alzheimer’s Disease Re-search Semipostal Stamp. S. 2237 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2237, a bill to amend the Federal Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the ex-amination of depository institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2271 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2271, a bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
S. 2395 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2395, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to authorize the provision of technical assistance under the Preserve America Program and to direct the Secretary of the Interior to enter into partnerships with commu-nities adjacent to units of the National Park System to leverage local cultural heritage tourism assets. 
S. 2429 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2429, a bill to amend chap-ter 77 of title 18, United States Code, to clarify that using drugs or illegal sub-stances to cause a person to engage in a commercial sex act constitutes coer-cion and using drugs or illegal sub-stances to provide or obtain the labor or services of a person constitutes forced labor. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Ex-port Control Act to make improve-ments to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2501 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2501, a bill to amend the Omnibus Parks and Public Lands Management Act of 1996 to provide for the establish-ment of a Ski Area Fee Retention Ac-count. 
S. 2597 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2597, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize the program of payments to chil-dren’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2633 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.025 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2625 May 10, 2018 
of S. 2633, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, with respect to civil forfeitures relating to certain seized animals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2652 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as cosponsors of S. 2652, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason. 
S. 2667 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the name of the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2667, a bill to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for State and Tribal regulation of hemp production, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2757 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2757, a bill to require a na-tional economic security strategy, and for other purposes. 
S. 2762 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2762, a bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to support opportunities for beginning farmers and ranchers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2789 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2789, a bill to pre-vent substance abuse and reduce de-mand for illicit narcotics. 
S. 2811 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2811, a bill to amend the Omni-bus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to reauthorize the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , and Mr. C ORNYN ): S. 2815. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to increase trans-parency and oversight of third-party litigation funding in certain actions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2815 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Litigation Funding Transparency Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. TRANSPARENCY AND OVERSIGHT OF THIRD-PARTY LITIGATION FUNDING IN CLASS ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 114 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 1716. Third-party litigation funding disclo-sure ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In any class action, class counsel shall— ‘‘(1) disclose in writing to the court and all other named parties to the class action the identity of any commercial enterprise, other than a class member or class counsel of record, that has a right to receive payment that is contingent on the receipt of mone-tary relief in the class action by settlement, judgment, or otherwise; and ‘‘(2) produce for inspection and copying, ex-cept as otherwise stipulated or ordered by the court, any agreement creating the con-tingent right. ‘‘(b) T
IMING .—The disclosure required by subsection (a) shall be made not later than the later of— ‘‘(1) 10 days after execution of any agree-ment described in subsection (a)(2); or ‘‘(2) the time of service of the action.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 114 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘1716. Third-party litigation funding disclo-sure.’’. 
SEC. 3. TRANSPARENCY AND OVERSIGHT OF THIRD-PARTY LITIGATION FUNDING IN MULTIDISTRICT LITIGATION. 
Section 1407 of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g)(1) In any coordinated or consolidated pretrial proceedings conducted pursuant to this section, counsel for a party asserting a claim whose civil action is assigned to or di-rectly filed in the proceedings shall— ‘‘(A) disclose in writing to the court and all other parties the identity of any commer-cial enterprise, other than the named parties or counsel, that has a right to receive pay-ment that is contingent on the receipt of monetary relief in the civil action by settle-ment, judgment, or otherwise; and ‘‘(B) produce for inspection and copying, except as otherwise stipulated or ordered by the court, any agreement creating the con-tingent right. ‘‘(2) The disclosure required by paragraph (1) shall be made not later than the later of— ‘‘(A) 10 days after execution of any agree-ment described in paragraph (1)(B); or ‘‘(B) the time the civil action becomes sub-ject to this section.’’. 
SEC. 4. APPLICABILITY. 
The amendments made by this Act shall apply to any case pending on or commenced after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
By Mr. RUBIO: S. 2826. A bill to safeguard certain technology and intellectual property in the United States from export to or in-fluence by the People’s Republic of China and to protect United States in-dustry from unfair competition by the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, when the story of the 21st century is written, there will be a couple chapters about Vladimir Putin’s Russia, most cer-tainly chapters about radical jihadists, and perhaps a few chapters on some other things we have yet to fully an-ticipate. There still remains over 80 years in this century, but there is no doubt that the vast majority of the story about the 21st century will be about the rela-tionship between the United States and China. China—the most populous na-tion on Earth, the second largest econ-omy, and soon to be the largest econ-omy on the planet—is a country that cannot be contained. It will be a major factor, both economically and geo-politically, as it should be for a nation of that magnitude and a culture that deep, with such long history. However, there are imbalances developing in that relationship, which I believe are threatening, not just to our Nation but ultimately to the peace and security and the stability of the world. It is on that topic I wanted to come to the floor and speak today and per-haps about some of the things we need to do about it. There was a consensus— which I would admit I, perhaps, from time to time, was a partaker in—that China was a country that would, even-tually, as it grew more prosperous, be-come not just more democratic but more willing to live by the rules the world has conducted itself by since the end of the Second World War. Perhaps I wasn’t as strong an adher-ent to that as some others. I have al-ways been, of course, deeply suspicious of communism and autocratic nations, but there was still the belief that things could work out, and, eventually, at some point, both demographics and economics would force China to accept the benefits and the wisdom of a global economic order that has maintained the peace since the end of the Second World War. That was a terrible mistake. For, in fact, that is not how it has played out. For the better part of 30 years now, China has been allowed to systemically violate all of the rules of fair play in trade and commerce under the guise of saying, eventually, they are going to come around and behave. Not only has it not worked, it has allowed them to accelerate their economic growth to the detriment of American workers, American industry, and economies all over the world. Today, China is 3 years into a plan called Made in China 2025. What ‘‘Made in China’’ means, and what it is all about, is China intends to be the domi-nant power and dominate 10 key sec-tors of the future economy. They out-line what all 10 of those are. Now, if that dominance was the re-sult of being more innovative or spend-ing more money on research or just being better, then we would have little to complain about. It would be on us to become more innovative ourselves and put more money into research and technology and these sorts of things. That is not what it is the product of. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.027 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2626 May 10, 2018 
is the product of cheating. It is the massive theft of intellectual property— the largest single transfer of wealth in the history of mankind stolen; stolen because they buy small companies that are developing some key component in a broader technology, and they take it for themselves; stolen because when an American company or any foreign com-pany, for that matter, wants to do business in China and have access to their 1.4 billion people, you have to partner with them. They make you partner with a Chinese company. Your ‘‘partner’’ steals your secrets and then they kick you out and now they are your competitor. So think about it. They are able to make all of these advances without paying for them. Imagine if you had a business that was able to grow without having to pay for all the research that went to getting you to that point. This is what they do. It has allowed them to expand militarily, commercially, and economically to the point where we are at the edge of a very dangerous eco-nomic and geopolitical imbalance that needs to be addressed. It needs to be addressed now. We are almost out of time because 5 years from now, 6 years from now, or 3 years from now, it may be too late to address this. I want to reiterate what I said at the outset. This is not about containing China, nor is it about crippling China. It is about ensuring that we are going to have stability in the world; a sta-bility in which our companies and their companies can partner, but they need to do so voluntarily; a stability where they cannot steal our secrets; a sta-bility where they cannot violate the rules of trade but benefit from the rules of trade. That is what I hope to address through a new bill called the Fair Trade With China Enforcement Act, which I am introducing today. The first problem we want to address is that China is building its industrial ca-pacity with U.S. intellectual property and technology. I have highlighted how they steal our technology and our intellectual prop-erty, and they use it. As an example, General Electric and Honeywell tech-nology is being used in China by one of GE’s and Honeywell’s competitors. They didn’t sell it to them. It was sto-len from them. Two American compa-nies had their secrets stolen, and now their competitor in China is using their technology that they spent money and time investing in. The solution to that problem is to pass a law that prohibits the sale of na-tional security-sensitive technology and intellectual property to China. The bill would do this by directing the De-partment of Commerce to use its ex-port control authority to block mili-tary capacity exports and components of Made in China 2025 exports to China. So, basically, the Department of Commerce would look at Made in China 2025. These are the sectors they are trying to dominate, and we would prohibit the sale or the transfer of in-tellectual property sensitive to those industries. That means American com-panies—even if they have a partnership with China—would be prohibited by law in sharing this information with them willingly. The second problem we have, frankly, is here at home. We have these large multinational U.S. companies that have very valuable intellectual prop-erty and technology that partner with Chinese firms. They know their intel-lectual property is going to be stolen, but they don’t care. They don’t care, No. 1, because they are not going to pay the full cost of the loss of this in-tellectual property. It is going to be borne by the entire country. A great example of that would be a CEO or business executive who knows they are only going to be at the com-pany for x number of years. They make the decision: I don’t care if they are going to steal our intellectual prop-erty. I want to have access to the Chi-nese market because it is 1.4 billion people. That is going to allow us to sell a bunch of stuff there. Our profits will go up. I am going to look good in the quarterly reports and look good before the board of directors. Who cares if this harms the United States? My obliga-tion is to the corporation and not the country. That is their view. In fact, many of these CEOs of large multinational com-panies consider themselves to be citi-zens of the world before they consider themselves to be citizens of the United States. They are willing to turn these things over because by the time we are hurt by it as a nation, they are long gone; by the time they are hurt by it as a company, they are long gone, but they are going to have some pretty good quarters as they expand into the largest market in the world, and their shareholders and board of directors are going to be very happy about it. That is a big problem. Just because a company has their address in the United States, does not mean they con-sider themselves to be American com-panies. Of course, this is a big problem among many large multinational cor-porations that are doing business there and know exactly what is going on but are more interested in the short-term profits than the impact on our national security. The solution I propose to that prob-lem in this law is to increase taxes on multinational corporations on the in-come they earn in China. The tax would be increased equal to the amount of the lost value of the stolen intellectual property or technology. So if we lost $1 billion, there would be a $1 billion increase in that business’s prof-it that they made in China through that partnership. It does this by imposing a tax rate of 2 percent—roughly equal to what the Trade Representative’s office estimates is the cost of lost intellectual property as a percent of total corporate profits in China. The third problem we have is that China—and I mean China, both its sov-ereign wealth management and indi-viduals who made a lot of money, di-rected by the government, in many cases—has gone on a buying spree of U.S. debt—meaning Treasurys, stocks, and even real estate. My hometown of Miami is one of the places being heav-ily invested in now to increase their trade surplus and to weaken the U.S. economy. You say how? Let me give you an ex-ample. After China rose to the World Trade Organization, it had all this ex-cess capital resulting from its large surpluses. That drove them to take that excess capital they were making now that they were part of the WTO and invest it in the United States in real estate, for example. Here you have people coming in and paying for real estate above the value of the property, driving up prices. It is one of the things that helped fuel the housing bubble. You can only imagine that if the prop-erty next door, the building next door, or the luxury condominium units next door are sold at a price higher than what the asking price might be, you are driving up the market for everyone. But they do this over and over again. This cheap financing of our debt, this buying up so many of our Treasury notes because there is such demand for our debt, our yield—the amount of in-terest we pay back to the investor—is lower. The result is it is one of the things that has driven our national debt here. It has been easy to borrow because it has been cheap. What is the solution? The solution is to update the income tax treaty that was signed in the 1980s and that taxes China’s profits on these investments, including their holdings of the national debt at a preferential rate for what it would be for anybody else. What my law would do is make with-holding taxes on China’s investment income revert to what the law is for ev-eryone else. For example, the U.S. payor would withhold the greater amount of tax on distributions to Chi-nese payees, so whatever income they are making from the debt, from the stocks, from the assets they bought in the United States and they have in-vested in—whatever they are making on it, they would pay taxes on that in-come the same as anyone else would, as opposed to under a preferential rate from the 1980s. This is important because among the things that all of this surplus invest-ment does in the United States, it in-creases the value of the dollar artifi-cially. They did that when they were manipulating the currency. The stronger the dollar, the weaker our ex-ports, the more expensive it is to buy something in the United States than somewhere else. The currency fluctuates as a matter of course through economic engage-ment. This is the deliberate manipula-tion of our currency. This is one of the byproducts of this. Taxing the income 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.029 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2627 May 10, 2018 
they make on those investments the same as anybody else would have to pay—and not this preferential rate— would help bring some balance to that. One additional problem we want to address is that the Chinese Govern-ment’s Made in China 2025 plan is a plan to displace advanced American manufacturing, and they intend to do that no matter what it takes. Let me give you an example. Made in China 2025 targets artificial intelligence and next-generation information tech-nology. They target robotics. They tar-get new energy vehicles. They target biotechnology—meaning biopharma, biologics—in terms of curing disease. They target energy and power genera-tion. They target aerospace, which is not just airplanes and space travel. They target high-tech shipping, ad-vanced railway, new material, agricul-tural machinery. These advanced, high- tech industries are supposed to be the competitive advantage of the United States in the 21st century. What I am talking about is not pro-tectionism. If this were a fair competi-tion of these technologies versus them, that is what free markets are supposed to do. That is not how they are doing it. The way they compete with us in these industries—in addition to steal-ing our secrets and buying up the com-panies that are up in the supply chain—is to deny our companies access to their markets, but they want full and unfettered access to ours. What is the solution? The solution is to prepare duties on and impose Chi-nese investor shareholding caps on U.S. companies producing goods targeted by Made in China 2025. This bill would do this by defining Made in China 2025 as a countervailable subsidy for American industries affected by Made in China 2025 exports, thus reducing future de-mand for Chinese exports in these in-dustries. We have to raise the prices of the products they are stealing from us; otherwise, they will put our industries out of business, and our children will live in a world where we depend on China for artificial intelligence, for ro-botics, for new energy vehicles, for aerospace, for biopharma. Can you imagine living in a world where the cure to Alzheimer’s is con-trolled by Chinese pharmaceutical companies—the amount of leverage it would give them geopolitically? If they reach that plateau because they outhustle us, that is one thing. But to get there by stealing what we produce, by denying our companies the ability to sell over there but asking us to allow their companies to sell here— that is not competition; that is theft. That is an imbalance that needs to be addressed. We will also have the SEC block any majority stake acquisition of a listed company producing the component goods in any of these industries—the Made in China 2025 exports—in order to limit their ability to buy up our small companies or buy up enough of a con-trolling interest in American compa-nies to take them from us. That is the other strategy they have. They go into industries that go under the threshold of what the government looks into, and they buy up percentages of the com-pany or the entire company itself. Then they control what is supposedly an American company, and they own it. Try doing that in China if you are an American. The argument that we should con-tinue to allow them to do it because they are a developing industry is ridic-ulous. No one can make that argument anymore. That is the argument that has been made for all of these years. There is one last thing we need to do, and it has been on the news a lot late-ly. The Chinese have tried in the United States and around the world to use their companies involved in tele-communications, particularly Huwawei and ZTE, to infiltrate U.S. networks. Basically how that works is they want-ed us to buy components, parts, and equipment from Huwawei and use it for our cell phone networks, our internet networks, our servers and routers—put those in our country. If you are a coun-try that, as a matter of geopolitical strategy, steals—not just spies as nor-mal countries do, but steals intellec-tual property and corporate secrets to build your economy at the expense of someone else’s and you control the routers and the telecom system or enough of it in another country, we are just making it easier for you to steal these things from us. Imagine a major U.S. university con-ducting research, and their entire back office and all of their computer net-works in which it is stored has Huwawei equipment. This would allow the Chinese Government to go into this equipment and use it remotely to ex-tract all of this information. They don’t even have to send any spies over here because we have brought them in-side. This is a problem across the econ-omy, and that needs to be dealt with in broader terms. In this bill—a bill I have separately introduced with Senator C
OTTON —we would prohibit the Federal Govern-ment or subsidiaries and contractors of the Federal Government from buying telecommunications equipment or services from Huwawei or ZTE. What we cannot afford is to have in our own government—or in companies that are servicing the government—tele-communications equipment and serv-ices vulnerable to espionage, either corporate or national security. Let me close with this. There are a lot of big issues going on in the world, and for a lot of people, including my-self, this issue is pretty new. I have long been concerned about China’s military expansion. They are putting all kinds of missiles now on the islands in the South China Sea. I most cer-tainly have long been concerned about human rights violations—what they have done with Tibet and the way they are bullying people in Taiwan. By the way, just so you know the sort of influ-ence level they have, Marriott Corpora-tion fired an American worker—an American living in the United States, working for Marriott, was fired because they liked a social media post about Tibet. So the Chinese got mad. They told Marriott: You need to correct this. And they fired the employee—this American—because he liked a social media post by mistake about Tibet. Do you know that United Airlines and American Airlines just got a letter from the Chinese Government saying: Unless you change your website so that it says Taiwan-China and not just Tai-wan, we are going to start fining you and may take away your ability to fly into China. These are American compa-nies that I hope do not give in. This is happening every single day. Do you know that Hollywood movies are made so that they will be allowed to be distributed in China? Hollywood entertainment is deliberately not mak-ing movies or saying certain things in movies—political things, things that would offend the Chinese Govern-ment—because if they do, they will not let them sell their movies to 1.3, 1.4 bil-lion people. Do you know there are ac-tors, like Richard Gere, for example, who can’t make major movies anymore because they can’t be distributed in China because he is in favor of Tibet and its independence? These things are happening, and we are arguing about a bunch of other silly things. This is historic. This is the single biggest challenge facing this Nation for the next 20, 30, or 40 years, and we are almost out of time to take it seriously. Just a week ago, I traveled to Latin America. I was in Panama, where the Chinese have built not one but two port facilities on the Panama Canal. Not surprisingly, because of all this in-vestment, last year Panama decided to switch. It no longer recognizes Taiwan. It switched to China. Last week, while I was in Panama, the Dominican Re-public announced they have switched. Little by little they are going and using their investments in these coun-tries, first just to get them to derecognize Taiwan but, ultimately, because they are spending so much money in these countries to leverage them, to align their foreign policy to China’s in our own hemisphere. We do not want conflict with China. We want parity, stability, reciprocity, and fairness. That is not what we have right now, and we have taken far too long to take it seriously. Now is the time to do it. This is about more than just trade. This is about geopolitics and national security. It will be the defining issue of the century, and the time to take it se-riously is now. My bill, which we hope to continue to build on and improve, is our effort to hopefully begin this dialogue and take steps on this very important topic. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.030 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2628 May 10, 2018 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. R
OBERTS , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Ms. S
TABENOW ): S. 2830. A bill to reauthorize the rural emergency medical services training and equipment assistance program under section 330J of the Public Health Service Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2830 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting and Improving Rural EMS Needs Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SIREN Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF RURAL EMER-GENCY MEDICAL SERVICES TRAIN-ING AND EQUIPMENT ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 330J of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–15) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘in rural areas’’ and inserting ‘‘in rural areas or to residents of rural areas’’; and (2) by striking subsections (b) through (g) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY ; APPLICATION .—To be eli-gible to receive grant under this section, an entity shall— ‘‘(1) be— ‘‘(A) an emergency medical services agency operated by a local or tribal government (in-cluding fire-based and non-fire based); or ‘‘(B) an emergency medical services agency that is described in section 501(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; and ‘‘(2) submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An entity shall use amounts received through a grant under sub-section (a) to— ‘‘(1) recruit and retain emergency medical services personnel, which may include volun-teer personnel; ‘‘(2) train emergency medical services per-sonnel as appropriate to obtain and maintain licenses and certifications relevant to serv-ice in an emergency medical services agency described in subsection (b)(1); ‘‘(3) conduct courses that qualify graduates to serve in an emergency medical services agency described in subsection (b)(1) in ac-cordance with State and local requirements; ‘‘(4) fund specific training to meet Federal or State licensing or certification require-ments; ‘‘(5) develop new ways to educate emer-gency health care providers through the use of technology-enhanced educational meth-ods; ‘‘(6) acquire emergency medical services equipment; or ‘‘(7) acquire personal protective equipment for emergency medical services personnel as required by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. ‘‘(d) G
RANT AMOUNTS .—Each grant awarded under this section shall be in an amount not to exceed $200,000. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘emergency medical serv-ices’— ‘‘(A) means resources used by a public or private nonprofit licensed entity to deliver medical care outside of a medical facility under emergency conditions that occur as a result of the condition of the patient; and ‘‘(B) includes services delivered (either on a compensated or volunteer basis) by an emergency medical services provider or other provider that is licensed or certified by the State involved as an emergency medical technician, a paramedic, or an equivalent professional (as determined by the State). ‘‘(2) The term ‘rural area’ means— ‘‘(A) a nonmetropolitan statistical area; ‘‘(B) an area designated as a rural area by any law or regulation of a State; or ‘‘(C) a rural census tract of a metropolitan statistical area (as determined under the most recent rural urban commuting area code as set forth by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget). ‘‘(f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The Secretary may use not more than 10 percent of the amount appropriated pursuant to paragraph (1) for a fiscal year for the administrative ex-penses of carrying out this section.’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 503—COM-MEMORATING THE TRICENTEN-NIAL OF THE CITY OF SAN AN-TONIO, TEXAS Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 503 Whereas in 1718, the Mission San Antonio de Valero, the Presidio San Antonio de Bejar, and the Villa de Bejar were founded in the area that would become the City of San Antonio (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘San Antonio’’); Whereas in 1821, San Antonio became a part of the Mexican empire; Whereas in the Battle of the Alamo in 1836, Mexican forces led by General Lopez de Santa Anna stormed the Alamo and more than 200 United States colonists, Texians, and Tejanos died defending the future State of Texas; Whereas in 1836, the new government of the State of Texas formed the county govern-ment of Bexar, and made San Antonio the county seat of Bexar; Whereas in 1837, by action of the City Council, Ciudad San Antonio de Bejar was of-ficially renamed the City of San Antonio; Whereas the United States Army post at San Antonio was established in 1865, and is known today as Fort Sam Houston; Whereas in 1877, the first passenger train of the renamed Galveston, Harrisburg, and San Antonio railroad arrived in San Antonio; Whereas Brooks Air Force Base was built in 1917 in San Antonio and operated until closure in 2011; Whereas Kelly Field, also known as Kelly Air Force Base, was founded in 1917 and oper-ated until 2001, making it the oldest continu-ously operating air base in the United States; Whereas in 1931, Randolph Air Force Base began operating as a training facility in San Antonio and is now part of Joint Base San Antonio; Whereas in 1941, Lackland Air Force Base began operating as a training facility in San Antonio and is now part of Joint Base San Antonio; Whereas in 1968, San Antonio hosted a 6- month international exposition known as ‘‘HemisFair ’68’’, which welcomed more than 6,000,000 visitors from across the world; Whereas in 1973, San Antonio received the first and only major professional sports team of the city, the San Antonio Spurs, which has won a total of 5 National Basketball As-sociation championships; Whereas in 1987, Pope John Paul II became the first and only pontiff to visit the State of Texas and San Antonio; Whereas in 1992, the United States, Mexico, and Canada signed the North American Free Trade Agreement in San Antonio; Whereas in 2017, the United Nations Edu-cational, Scientific and Cultural Organiza-tion inscribed the 5 Spanish colonial mis-sions in San Antonio as a World Heritage Site; Whereas San Antonio is also called the Alamo City, the Mission City, and the River City, and was officially trademarked ‘‘Mili-tary City, USA’’ in 2017; Whereas San Antonio has been home to several notable individuals, including Presi-dent Dwight D. Eisenhower, President Lyn-don B. Johnson, President Theodore Roo-sevelt, Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, Congressman David Crockett, Congressman Garlington Jerome Sutton, General Douglas MacArthur, General Jimmy Doolittle, Colo-nel James Bowie, Lieutenant Colonel Ed White, Master Sergeant Raul Perez Benavidez, Charles Lindbergh, Carol Bur-nett, Joan Crawford, Tommy Lee Jones, Johnny Cash, Rosita Fernandez, Santiago Ji-menez, Santiago Jimenez Jr., Flaco Jimenez, and Secretary Henry Cisneros; Whereas San Antonio hosts one of the larg-est annual marches in the United States for Martin Luther King Jr. Day, with nearly 300,000 participants; Whereas San Antonio is the seventh larg-est city in the United States based on popu-lation; Whereas San Antonio contributes to the cultural life and historical understanding of the State of Texas through events such as— (1) Fiesta; (2) Luminaria; (3) the San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo; (4) the Armed Forces River Parade; and (5) the Texas Folk Life Festival; and Whereas during the first week of May, 2018— (1) San Antonio will honor and celebrate the tricentennial anniversary of the city; and (2) each day of that week will have a spe-cific focus, including a Day of Reflection, History & Education Day, Founders Day, Arts for All Day, Legacy Day, and Military Appreciation Day: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates 2018 as the year of the ‘‘San Antonio Tricentennial’’; and (2) honors the history and founding of the City of San Antonio, Texas. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 504—DESIG-NATING MAY 11, 2018, AS MILI-TARY SPOUSE APPRECIATION DAY Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 504 Whereas the month of May marks National Military Appreciation Month; Whereas the Senate recognizes military spouses’ dedication of a lifetime of love, sup-port, and patriotism that helps make the service and sacrifice of the men and women in the Armed Forces possible; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.029 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2629 May 10, 2018 
Whereas military spouses have been sepa-rated from loved ones because of the duty of our Armed Forces to protect our Nation and its interests through deployment in support of overseas contingency operations and other military missions; Whereas the establishment of Military Spouse Appreciation Day honors the dedica-tion and contributions of spouses of members of the Armed Forces; and Whereas, May 11, 2018, would be an appro-priate date to establish as ‘‘Military Spouse Appreciation Day’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates May 11, 2018, as ‘‘Military Spouse Appreciation Day’’; (2) honors and recognizes the dedication and contributions made by spouses of mem-bers of the Armed Forces; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe Military Spouse Apprecia-tion Day to promote awareness of the dedica-tion and contributions of spouses of members of the Armed Forces and the importance of the role of military spouses in the lives of members of the Armed Forces and veterans. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 505—RECOG-NIZING THE ROLES AND CON-TRIBUTIONS OF THE TEACHERS OF THE UNITED STATES IN BUILDING AND ENHANCING THE CIVIC, CULTURAL, AND ECO-NOMIC WELL-BEING OF THE UNITED STATES Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. D AINES , Mr. K ING, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C AR-
PER, Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. C OONS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. J ONES , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. H
ATCH , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 505 Whereas education and knowledge are foundational to the current and future strength of the United States; Whereas teachers and other education staff have earned and deserve the respect of their students and communities for the selfless dedication of the teachers and staff to com-munity service and the futures of the chil-dren of the United States; Whereas the purposes of National Teacher Appreciation Week, celebrated from May 7, 2018, through May 11, 2018, are— (1) to raise public awareness of the unquantifiable contributions of teachers; and (2) to promote greater respect and under-standing for the teaching profession; and Whereas students, schools, communities, and a number of organizations representing educators are hosting teacher appreciation events in recognition of National Teacher Appreciation Week: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) thanks the teachers of the United States; and (2) promotes the profession of teaching by encouraging students, parents, school admin-istrators, and public officials to participate in teacher appreciation events during Na-tional Teacher Appreciation Week. SENATE RESOLUTION 506—SUP-PORTING THE DESIGNATION OF MAY 15, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL SEN-IOR FRAUD AWARENESS DAY’’ TO RAISE AWARENESS ABOUT THE INCREASING NUMBER OF FRAUDULENT SCHEMES TAR-GETED AT OLDER PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES, TO EN-COURAGE THE IMPLEMENTATION OF POLICIES TO PREVENT THESE SCAMS FROM HAP-PENING, AND TO IMPROVE PRO-TECTIONS FROM THESE SCAMS FOR SENIORS Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. N ELSON , and Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 506 Whereas, in 2017, there were more than 47,800,000 individuals age 65 or older in the United States (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘seniors’’), and seniors accounted for 14.9 percent of the total population of the United States; Whereas senior fraud is a growing concern as millions of older people of the United States are targeted by scams each year, in-cluding the Internal Revenue Service imper-sonation scams, sweepstakes and lottery scams, grandparent scams, computer tech support scams, romance scams, work-at- home scams, charity scams, home improve-ment scams, fraudulent investment schemes, and identity theft; Whereas other types of fraud perpetrated against seniors include health care fraud, health insurance fraud, counterfeit prescrip-tion drug fraud, funeral and cemetery fraud, ‘‘anti-aging’’ product fraud, telemarketing fraud, and internet fraud; Whereas the Government Accountability Office has estimated that seniors lose a stag-gering $2,900,000,000 each year to an ever- growing array of financial exploitation schemes and scams; Whereas, since 2013, the fraud hotline of the Special Committee on Aging of the Sen-ate has received more than 7,200 complaints reporting possible scams from individuals in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; Whereas the ease with which criminals contact seniors through the internet and telephone increases as more creative schemes emerge; Whereas, according to the Consumer Sen-tinel Network Data Book 2017, released by the Federal Trade Commission, people age 60 years and older were defrauded of $249,000,000 in 2017, with the median loss to defrauded victims age 80 and older averaging $1,092 per person, more than double the average amount lost by those victims between the ages 50 and 59 years old; Whereas senior fraud is underreported by victims due to embarrassment and lack of information about where to report fraud; and Whereas May 15, 2018, is an appropriate day to establish as ‘‘National Senior Fraud Awareness Day’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of May 15, 2018, as ‘‘National Senior Fraud Awareness Day’’; (2) recognizes ‘‘National Senior Fraud Awareness Day’’ as an opportunity to raise awareness about the barrage of scams that individuals age 65 or older in the United States (referred to in this resolving clause as ‘‘seniors’’) face in person, by mail, on the phone, and online; (3) recognizes that law enforcement, con-sumer protection groups, area agencies on aging, and financial institutions all play vital roles in preventing scams targeting seniors and educating seniors about those scams; (4) encourages implementation of policies to prevent these scams and to improve meas-ures to protect seniors from scams targeting seniors; and (5) honors the commitment and dedication of the individuals and organizations who work tirelessly to fight against scams tar-geting seniors. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2242. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 931, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2242. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. A
LEXANDER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 931, to require the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to col-lect data on cancer incidence among firefighters; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2018. 
SEC. 2. VOLUNTARY REGISTRY FOR FIRE-FIGHTER CANCER INCIDENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this sec-tion as the Secretary), acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and in coordination with other agencies as the Secretary determines appropriate, shall develop and maintain, di-rectly or through a grant or cooperative agreement, a voluntary registry of fire-fighters (referred to in this section as the Firefighter Registry) to collect relevant health and occupational information of such firefighters for purposes of determining can-cer incidence. (b) U
SE OF FIREFIGHTER REGISTRY .—The Firefighter Registry may be used for the fol-lowing purposes: (1) To improve data collection and data co-ordination activities related to the nation-wide monitoring of the incidence of cancer among firefighters. (2) To collect, consolidate, and maintain, consistent with subsection (g), epidemiolog-ical information and analyses related to can-cer incidence and trends among firefighters (c) R
ELEVANT DATA.— (1) D
ATA COLLECTION .—In carrying out the voluntary data collection for purposes of in-clusion under the Firefighter Registry, the Secretary may collect the following: (A) Information, as determined by the Sec-retary under subsection (d)(1), of volunteer, paid-on-call, and career firefighters, inde-pendent of cancer status or diagnosis. (B) Individual risk factors and occupa-tional history of firefighters. (C) Information, if available, related to— (i) basic demographic information, includ-ing— (I) the age of the firefighter involved dur-ing the relevant dates of occupation as a firefighter; and (II) the age of cancer diagnosis; (ii) the status of the firefighter as either volunteer, paid-on-call, or career firefighter; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.032 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2630 May 10, 2018 
(iii) the total number of years of occupa-tion as a firefighter and a detailing of addi-tional employment experience, whether con-current, before, or anytime thereafter; (iv)(I) the approximate number of fire inci-dents attended, including information re-lated to the type of fire incidents and the role of the firefighter in responding to the incident; or (II) in the case of a firefighter for whom in-formation on such number and type is un-available, an estimate of such number and type based on the method developed under subsection (d)(1)(D); and (v) other medical information and health history, including additional risk factors, as appropriate, and other information relevant to a cancer incidence study of firefighters. (2) I
NFORMATION ON DIAGNOSES AND TREAT -
MENT .—In carrying out paragraph (1), with respect to diagnoses and treatment of fire-fighters with cancer, the Secretary shall, as appropriate, enable the Firefighter Registry to electronically connect to State-based can-cer registries, for a purpose described by clause (vi) or (vii) of section 399B(c)(2)(D) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280e(c)(2)(D)), to obtain— (A) date of diagnoses and source of infor-mation; and (B) pathological data characterizing the cancer, including cancer site, state of disease (pursuant to Staging Guide), incidence, and type of treatment. (d) F
IREFIGHTER REGISTRY COORDINATION  S
TRATEGY .— (1) R
EQUIRED STRATEGY .—The Secretary shall, in consultation with the relevant stakeholders identified in subsection (e), in-cluding epidemiologists and pathologists, de-velop a strategy to coordinate data collec-tion activities, including within existing State registries, for inclusion in the Fire-fighter Registry established under this Act. The strategy may include the following: (A) Increasing awareness of the Firefighter Registry and encouraging participation among volunteer, paid-on-call, and career firefighters. (B) Consideration of unique data collection needs that may arise to generate a statis-tically reliable representation of minority, female, and volunteer firefighters, including methods, as needed, to encourage participa-tion from such populations. (C) Information on how the Secretary will store data described in subsection (c)(1) and provide electronic access to relevant health information described in subsection (c)(2). (D) Working in consultation with the ex-perts described in subsection (e), a reliable and standardized method for estimating the number of fire incidents attended by a fire-fighter as well as the type of fire incident so attended in the case such firefighter is un-able to provide such information. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall submit the strategy described in para-graph (1) to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate not later than 30 days after the date of the completion of the strategy. (3) G
UIDANCE FOR INCLUSION AND MAINTE -
NANCE OF DATA ON FIREFIGHTERS .—The Sec- retary shall develop, in consultation with the stakeholders identified in subsection (e), State health agencies, State departments of homeland security, and volunteer, paid-on- call, combination, and career firefighting agencies, a strategy for inclusion of fire-fighters in the registry that are representa-tive of the general population of firefighters, that outlines the following: (A) How new information about firefighters will be submitted to the Firefighter Registry for inclusion. (B) How information about firefighters will be maintained and updated in the Firefighter Registry over time. (C) A method for estimating the number of fire incidents attended by a firefighter as well as the type of fire incident so attended in the case such firefighter is unable to pro-vide such information. (D) Further information, as deemed nec-essary by the Secretary. (e) CONSULTATION AND REPORT .—The Sec- retary shall consult with non-Federal ex-perts on the Firefighter Registry established under this section, and shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report that includes, as appropriate, information on goals achieved and improvements needed to strengthen the Firefighter Registry. Such non-Federal ex-perts shall include the following: (1) Public health experts with experience in developing and maintaining cancer reg-istries. (2) Epidemiologists with experience in studying cancer incidence. (3) Clinicians with experience in diag-nosing and treating cancer incidence. (4) Active and retired volunteer, paid-on- call, and career firefighters as well as rel-evant national fire and emergency response organizations. (f) R
ESEARCH AVAILABILITY .—Subject to subsection (g), the Secretary shall ensure that information and analysis in the Fire-fighter Registry are available, as appro-priate, to the public, including researchers, firefighters, and national fire service organi-zations. (g) P
RIVACY .—In carrying out this Act, the Secretary shall ensure that information in and analysis of the Firefighter Registry are made available in a manner that, at a min-imum, protects personal privacy to the ex-tent required by applicable Federal and State privacy law. (h) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDS .—To carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $2,500,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I have 3 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 10, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Lisa Por-ter, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, James N. Stewart, of North Carolina, to be an Assistant Secretary, James H. Anderson, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Gregory J. Slavonic, of Oklahoma, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Navy, all of the Department of Defense, and Charles P. Verdon, of California, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator for Defense Programs, Na-tional Nuclear Security Administra-tion, Department of Energy. COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, May 10, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing Development Fi-nance.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 10, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: ark Jeremy Bennett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Nancy E. Brasel, and Eric C. Tostrud, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota, Robert R. Summerhays, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Michael J. Truncale, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Cheryl A. Lydon, to be United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina, Sonya K. Chavez, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Mex-ico, Scott E. Kracl, to be United States Marshal for the District of Nebraska, and J. C. Raffety, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of West Virginia, all of the Department of Justice. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ROLES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE TEACH-ERS OF THE UNITED STATES IN BUILDING AND ENHANCING THE CIVIC, CULTURAL, AND ECO-NOMIC WELL-BEING OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 505, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 505) recognizing the roles and contributions of the teachers of the United States in building and enhancing the civic, cultural, and economic well-being of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.034 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2631 May 10, 2018 
The resolution (S. Res. 505) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SUPPORTING THE DESIGNATION OF MAY 15, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL SENIOR FRAUD AWARENESS DAY’’ Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 506, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 506) supporting the designation of May 15, 2018, as ‘‘National Senior Fraud Awareness Day’’ to raise awareness about the increasing number of fraudulent schemes targeted at older people of the United States, to encourage the imple-mentation of policies to prevent these scams from happening, and to improve protections from these scams for seniors. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 506) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
FIREFIGHTER CANCER REGISTRY ACT OF 2017 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee be discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 931 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 931) to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a vol-untary registry to collect data on cancer in-cidence among firefighters. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Alexander amendment at the desk be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2242) was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: To require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a vol-untary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2018. 
SEC. 2. VOLUNTARY REGISTRY FOR FIRE-FIGHTER CANCER INCIDENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this sec-tion as the Secretary), acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and in coordination with other agencies as the Secretary determines appropriate, shall develop and maintain, di-rectly or through a grant or cooperative agreement, a voluntary registry of fire-fighters (referred to in this section as the Firefighter Registry) to collect relevant health and occupational information of such firefighters for purposes of determining can-cer incidence. (b) U
SE OF FIREFIGHTER REGISTRY .—The Firefighter Registry may be used for the fol-lowing purposes: (1) To improve data collection and data co-ordination activities related to the nation-wide monitoring of the incidence of cancer among firefighters. (2) To collect, consolidate, and maintain, consistent with subsection (g), epidemiolog-ical information and analyses related to can-cer incidence and trends among firefighters (c) R
ELEVANT DATA.— (1) D
ATA COLLECTION .—In carrying out the voluntary data collection for purposes of in-clusion under the Firefighter Registry, the Secretary may collect the following: (A) Information, as determined by the Sec-retary under subsection (d)(1), of volunteer, paid-on-call, and career firefighters, inde-pendent of cancer status or diagnosis. (B) Individual risk factors and occupa-tional history of firefighters. (C) Information, if available, related to— (i) basic demographic information, includ-ing— (I) the age of the firefighter involved dur-ing the relevant dates of occupation as a firefighter; and (II) the age of cancer diagnosis; (ii) the status of the firefighter as either volunteer, paid-on-call, or career firefighter; (iii) the total number of years of occupa-tion as a firefighter and a detailing of addi-tional employment experience, whether con-current, before, or anytime thereafter; (iv)(I) the approximate number of fire inci-dents attended, including information re-lated to the type of fire incidents and the role of the firefighter in responding to the incident; or (II) in the case of a firefighter for whom in-formation on such number and type is un-available, an estimate of such number and type based on the method developed under subsection (d)(1)(D); and (v) other medical information and health history, including additional risk factors, as appropriate, and other information relevant to a cancer incidence study of firefighters. (2) I
NFORMATION ON DIAGNOSES AND TREAT -
MENT .—In carrying out paragraph (1), with respect to diagnoses and treatment of fire-fighters with cancer, the Secretary shall, as appropriate, enable the Firefighter Registry to electronically connect to State-based can-cer registries, for a purpose described by clause (vi) or (vii) of section 399B(c)(2)(D) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280e(c)(2)(D)), to obtain— (A) date of diagnoses and source of infor-mation; and (B) pathological data characterizing the cancer, including cancer site, state of disease (pursuant to Staging Guide), incidence, and type of treatment. (d) FIREFIGHTER REGISTRY COORDINATION  S
TRATEGY .— (1) R
EQUIRED STRATEGY .—The Secretary shall, in consultation with the relevant stakeholders identified in subsection (e), in-cluding epidemiologists and pathologists, de-velop a strategy to coordinate data collec-tion activities, including within existing State registries, for inclusion in the Fire-fighter Registry established under this Act. The strategy may include the following: (A) Increasing awareness of the Firefighter Registry and encouraging participation among volunteer, paid-on-call, and career firefighters. (B) Consideration of unique data collection needs that may arise to generate a statis-tically reliable representation of minority, female, and volunteer firefighters, including methods, as needed, to encourage participa-tion from such populations. (C) Information on how the Secretary will store data described in subsection (c)(1) and provide electronic access to relevant health information described in subsection (c)(2). (D) Working in consultation with the ex-perts described in subsection (e), a reliable and standardized method for estimating the number of fire incidents attended by a fire-fighter as well as the type of fire incident so attended in the case such firefighter is un-able to provide such information. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall submit the strategy described in para-graph (1) to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate not later than 30 days after the date of the completion of the strategy. (3) G
UIDANCE FOR INCLUSION AND MAINTE -
NANCE OF DATA ON FIREFIGHTERS .—The Sec- retary shall develop, in consultation with the stakeholders identified in subsection (e), State health agencies, State departments of homeland security, and volunteer, paid-on- call, combination, and career firefighting agencies, a strategy for inclusion of fire-fighters in the registry that are representa-tive of the general population of firefighters, that outlines the following: (A) How new information about firefighters will be submitted to the Firefighter Registry for inclusion. (B) How information about firefighters will be maintained and updated in the Firefighter Registry over time. (C) A method for estimating the number of fire incidents attended by a firefighter as well as the type of fire incident so attended in the case such firefighter is unable to pro-vide such information. (D) Further information, as deemed nec-essary by the Secretary. (e) C
ONSULTATION AND REPORT .—The Sec- retary shall consult with non-Federal ex-perts on the Firefighter Registry established under this section, and shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report that includes, as appropriate, information on goals achieved and improvements needed to strengthen the Firefighter Registry. Such non-Federal ex-perts shall include the following: (1) Public health experts with experience in developing and maintaining cancer reg-istries. (2) Epidemiologists with experience in studying cancer incidence. (3) Clinicians with experience in diag-nosing and treating cancer incidence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MY6.040 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2632 May 10, 2018 
(4) Active and retired volunteer, paid-on- call, and career firefighters as well as rel-evant national fire and emergency response organizations. (f) R
ESEARCH AVAILABILITY .—Subject to subsection (g), the Secretary shall ensure that information and analysis in the Fire-fighter Registry are available, as appro-priate, to the public, including researchers, firefighters, and national fire service organi-zations. (g) P
RIVACY .—In carrying out this Act, the Secretary shall ensure that information in and analysis of the Firefighter Registry are made available in a manner that, at a min-imum, protects personal privacy to the ex-tent required by applicable Federal and State privacy law. (h) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDS .—To carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $2,500,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 931), as amended, was passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MAY 14, 2018 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 3 p.m., Monday, May 14; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I further ask that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Scudder nomination under the previous order; finally, that fol-lowing disposition of the St. Eve nomi-nation, the Senate resume consider-ation of the Carson nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, MAY 14, 2018, AT 3 P.M. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 4:51 p.m., adjourned until Monday, May 14, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
MINDY BRASHEARS, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR FOOD SAFETY, VICE ELISABETH ANN HAGEN, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
RANDY W. BERRY, OF COLORADO, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF NEPAL. KYLE MCCARTER, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF KENYA. TIBOR PETER NAGY, JR., OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF STATE (AFRICAN AFFAIRS), VICE LINDA THOMAS–GREENFIELD, RESIGNED. GORDON D. SONDLAND, OF WASHINGTON, TO BE REP-RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE EUROPEAN UNION, WITH THE RANK AND STATUS OF AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY. IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. RICHARD M. CLARK THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DAVID B. BURGY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHELE C. EDMONDSON 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. DARRYL A. WILLIAMS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JEFFREY S. SCHEIDT 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS STAFF JUDGE ADVOCATE TO THE COMMANDANT OF THE MARINE CORPS AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10 U.S.C., SECTION 5046: 
To be major general 
COL. DANIEL J. LECCE 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO BE A FOR-EIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: GEORGE EUGENE ADAIR, OF VIRGINIA KATRINA M. BARNAS, OF NEW YORK ASHLEY M. BARTLETT, OF FLORIDA JILL Y. BARWIG, OF COLORADO CAITLIN A. BAUER, OF OKLAHOMA ROBERT A. BLANCO, OF CALIFORNIA MARIA K. BLEES, OF WASHINGTON LEAH A. BOYER, OF LOUISIANA TIFFANY J. BURCHETT, OF TEXAS GABRIELA S. CANAVATI, OF TEXAS KARN L. CARLSON, OF TEXAS RANDY E. COLE, JR., OF SOUTH DAKOTA MICHAEL S. CULLINAN, OF SOUTH CAROLINA RENEE M. CUMMINGS, OF WASHINGTON EVAN LAMAR DAVIS, OF OHIO MARTHA JOHNSON DEMOS, OF FLORIDA KAREEM J. DRIGHT, OF CALIFORNIA LEON P. D’SOUZA, OF VIRGINIA ARTHUR R. DYMOND, OF MISSOURI KIMBERLY M. EVERETT, OF ALABAMA MATHEW M. FALKOFF, OF CALIFORNIA LOGHMAN FATTAHI, OF VIRGINIA KRISTA K. FISHER, OF TEXAS KYLE A. FISHMAN, OF FLORIDA BRADLEY M. GARDNER, OF CALIFORNIA JESSE P. GOLLAND, OF COLORADO NEIL GUNDAVDA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LEKISHA R. GUNN, OF ALABAMA ERIC T. HAN, OF CALIFORNIA STEPHEN C. HARRIS, JR., OF MISSOURI JOSHUA D. HATCH, OF TEXAS TAMEISHA C. HENRY, OF MARYLAND MEGHAN L. HIGGINS, OF VIRGINIA JOELY E. HILDEBRAND, OF NEBRASKA DANIEL J. HOFFMAN, JR., OF TEXAS NAHDER B. HOUSHMAND, OF ILLINOIS KAYLA HOWE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TETYANA IVANISHENA, OF PENNSYLVANIA MICHELLE E. JANZEN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KATHERINE L. JERNIGAN, OF TEXAS JENNIFER E. JOHNSON, OF COLORADO LESHAWNA R. JOHNSON, OF NEW YORK NATHAN B. JOHNSON, OF CALIFORNIA DANIEL P. JOYCE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AUDREY H. KERANEN, OF IOWA FAROUK KHAN, OF NEW YORK CAITLYN H. KIM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AMY E. KORNBLUTH, OF FLORIDA SUN J. LEE, OF CALIFORNIA JESSE L. LYNCH, OF FLORIDA SALLY A. MEYERS, OF MISSOURI NATALYA VADIMOVNA MORIN, OF FLORIDA JAMES T. MOSHER, OF OHIO SARAH E. MOYER, OF NEVADA EMILY YOHEVED NARKIS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA LISA L. NESSELROAD, OF NORTH CAROLINA DOMINIC T. NGUYEN, OF CALIFORNIA MIKE ANH NGUYEN, OF CALIFORNIA AMY M. PADILLA, OF TENNESSEE BRANDON J. PEART, OF UTAH ABDEL PERERA, OF FLORIDA KIRA M. PETERSON, OF MICHIGAN JASON E. RASKIN, OF NEW YORK VALERIE M. REED, OF VIRGINIA MALIKAT O. RUFAI, OF ILLINOIS PATRICK V. RUMLEY, OF FLORIDA BRYAN K. SCHELL, OF CALIFORNIA GLORYA CHO SING KEY, OF WASHINGTON KRISTIN A. S. SMITH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CAMERON D. THOMAS–SHAH, OF NEVADA HARRY R. THOMPSON III, OF ILLINOIS ABIGAIL H. TRENHAILE, OF HAWAII PHILLIP J. WALSKY, OF FLORIDA KRISTEN ELIZABETH WEAVER, OF CALIFORNIA BENJAMIN J. WILLIAMS, OF CALIFORNIA PAUL H. WULFSBERG, OF MASSACHUSETTS IVAN VILELA, OF FLORIDA THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR: JEFFREY PAUL LODINSKY, OF NEW YORK THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR: ELIZABETH ANNE NOSEWORTHY FITZSIMMONS, OF VIR-GINIA BRIAN J. MCKENNA, OF MARYLAND f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate May 10, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
MICHAEL B. BRENNAN, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SEVENTH CIRCUIT. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
PATRICK HOVAKIMIAN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE FOREIGN CLAIMS SETTLEMENT COMMIS-SION OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 30, 2020. GREGORY ALLYN FOREST, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. BRADLEY A. MAXWELL, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF IL-LINOIS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
f 
WITHDRAWALS Executive message transmitted by the President to the Senate on May 10, 2018 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tions: 
RYAN DOUGLAS NELSON, OF IDAHO, TO BE SOLICITOR OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, VICE HILARY CHANDLER TOMPKINS, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2018. ADAM LERRICK, OF WYOMING, TO BE A DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE RAMIN TOLOUI, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A10MY6.042 S10MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE621 May 10, 2018 
RECOGNIZING MR. CHRISTOPHER BROWNE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Mr. Christopher Browne in rec-ognition of his contributions to Fairfax County and the Northern Virginia region and to con-gratulate him on being named the 2017 Tower of Dulles Honoree by the Committee for Dul-les. Mr. Browne currently serves as Deputy Di-rector of the National Air and Space Museum, which has historically been the most popular Smithsonian Museum. Last year, 7.5 million people visited the National Air and Space Mu-seum, and it is on track to meet or exceed those numbers in 2018. Prior to accepting this position, Mr. Browne was Vice President and Airport Manager for Washington Dulles International Airport, a po-sition he assumed in 2005. This position was the culmination of a career in airport manage-ment, which began in 1988 when he joined the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority as an Operations Manager at Washington Na-tional Airport. After seven years in that posi-tion, he was promoted to Airport Manager at National, a position he held until accepting the Airport Manager position at Washington Dul-les. His 29-year tenure with MWAA was marked by periods of massive construction and expansion, as well as Y2K and the ter-rorist attacks of 9/11. During his time at Dul-les, he was responsible not only for over-seeing a staff of more than 500, but also for managing a $400 million revenue stream, which included the profits from the Dulles Toll Road. These profits were a critical component in the financing of the Silver Line project, which will finally bring to fruition the vision of a rail link between our nation’s capital and its pre-mier international airport. Mr. Browne’s tenure as airport manager of National and Dulles earned him multiple acco-lades, including being named Airport Manager of the Year in 2002. He also served on the Board of Directors of the Southeast Chapter of the American Association of Airport Execu-tives. Prior to entering civilian public service, Mr. Brown served his country in uniform in the United States Navy, where he served as a Naval Aviator for seven years aboard the USS Dwight D. Eisenhower. During his naval career he amassed over 1,400 flight hours, made over 300 carrier landings, and graduated from the Navy’s prestigious ‘‘Top Gun’’ Fighter Weapons School. Mr. Speaker, Christopher Browne rep-resents the very ethos of service to the com-munity and our country. In addition to his multi-decade career with the Navy and MWAA, Mr. Browne serves on the Board of Directors of the Special Olympics of Virginia, as well as on the Boards of several area Chambers of Commerce. Mr. Brown has self-lessly dedicated himself and his career to the betterment of our community, and his efforts are truly worthy of our highest praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Chris-topher Browne on his accomplishments, and in thanking him for his immeasurable contribu-tions to our community. 
f 
NATIONAL DAY OF AWARENESS FOR MISSING AND MURDERED NATIVE WOMEN AND GIRLS 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize May 5, 2018 as the National Day of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls. Native women in the U.S. face tragically high rates of violence, sexual assault, and murder. According to the U.S. Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, homicide is the third leading cause of death for Native women and girls between the ages of 10 and 24 years old. A study commissioned by the Department of Justice found that, in some tribal commu-nities, Native women face murder rates that are more than ten times the national average. This is unacceptable. I’m pleased that the Portland City Council recently passed a resolution recognizing the disproportionate effects of human trafficking on people of color in our region, but we must do more to protect Native women. Importantly, we must recognize the institutional racism and systematic inequalities they face, and we must seek justice on behalf of those who are miss-ing or murdered. For those families who have not received justice, I stand with you. I’m committed to tak-ing action to prevent these crimes in the fu-ture, and hope that your missing loved one will return home soon. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BARRINGTON SCHOOL DISTRICT 220 SUPER-INTENDENT DR. BRIAN HARRIS 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Brian Harris, Superintendent of Schools for Barrington 220 Community Unit School District in Barrington, Illinois. On April 12, 2018 it was announced that Dr. Harris was elected to serve on the executive committee of AASA, American Association of School Admin-istrators. This July, Dr. Harris will be sworn in as an executive committee member and will serve a three-year term. Founded in 1865, ASAA advocates for equi-table access for all students to the highest quality education, and develops and supports school system leaders. Dr. Harris has been a member of AASA, as well as the Illinois Asso-ciation of School Administrators since 2010. He has also been a member of the AASA gov-erning board since 2014. Prior to joining Barrington 220 as the Super-intendent of Schools in 2014, he served as Superintendent of Schools for Community Unit School District 200 in the Wheaton/ Warrenville, Illinois area and Assistant Prin-cipal at Barrington Middle School’s Station campus. As the leader of one of the top school districts in Northern Illinois, Dr. Harris is well-prepared to serve on the executive committee, where he will bring over 30 years of experience and expertise in education to the national level. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in recognizing Dr. Brian Harris for his outstanding leadership and being elect-ed to serve on the executive committee of the American Association of School Administra-tors. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2017 ELLY DOYLE PARK SERVICE AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the honorees of the 2017 Elly Doyle Park Service Awards. These awards, spon-sored by the Fairfax County Park Authority Board in cooperation with the Fairfax County Park Foundation Board, recognize individuals and organizations for their extraordinary con-tributions to our environment and public park system. The Elly Doyle Service Awards were estab-lished in 1988 in honor of former board mem-ber Ellamae Doyle’s many years of out-standing service. Recipients have also been selected for the Eakin Philanthropy Award, named in honor of the family that donated the first parcels of parkland to the Park Authority more than 50 years ago, the Mayo Stuntz Cul-tural Stewardship, named in honor of a cele-brated local historian and military veteran, the Sally Ormsby Environmental Stewardship Award, named in honor of a local champion of environmental education and protection, and the Harold L. Strickland Partnership and Col-laboration Award, named for the former Sully District representative on the Park Authority Board. In addition, a special recognition will be given to Park Authority volunteers, who play an integral role in the agency’s success. It is my honor to congratulate all the recipi-ents of the Elly Doyle Park Service Awards and to include in the R
ECORD the names of the following individuals: Harold L. Strickland Partnership and Col-laboration Award: Fairfax County Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10MY8.005 E10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE622 May 10, 2018 
of Neighborhood and Community Services and The Athletic Council; Sally Ormsby Environmental Stewardship Award: Norma Hoffman (in memoriam); Eakin Philanthropy Award: Jean and Ric Edelman, Volkswagen of America, Chantilly Youth Association, Timber Ridge at Discovery Square; Student Honoree: Jennifer Ochs; Special Recognition: Carol Melim, Patricia Moran, Denise McKittrick. Emiko Takeuchi, Freddie Mac; Elly Doyle Park Service Awards: Kathy Trichel, Villamay Community Association. Mr. Speaker, Fairfax County is regarded as one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, and raise a family, and our na-tionally-recognized park system has played a key role in that distinction. Our community has a strong commitment to promoting and pre-serving our environment, including our public parks and outdoor spaces, as the efforts of the individuals and organizations recognized tonight reflects. These are truly selfless ac-tions done for the benefit of all and merit our highest praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating them on receiving these awards and in wishing them great success in all their future endeavors. 
f 
UNITED STATES-ISRAEL SECURITY ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZATION ACT MARKUP 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be a co-sponsor of H.R. 5141, the United States-Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act, and commend my good friend, Chairwoman emeritus R
OS-LEHTINEN , for her leadership in introducing H.R. 5141— a critical, important bipartisan measure—along with Congressman D
EUTCH . This bill responds to a crisis of converging threats that imperil the security of our closest ally, Israel. Iranian forces and their terrorist proxies now surround Israel from nearly every direction. With Iranian support, Hizballah con-tinues to amass a dangerous arsenal of thou-sands of advanced rockets to the north that are trained on Israel’s main population cen-ters. Hamas, also with Iranian backing, threatens Israel from the south and west with terror tun-nels, rocket barrages, and now with a cynical campaign that manipulates civilian protests with the use of so-called human shields to threaten Israel’s sovereign border. To the east, in Syria, Iran continues to carry out stra-tegic outposts where it can station advanced weapons systems and fighters to challenge Israeli defenses. Faced with such a constellation of fanatical enemies, Israel cannot spare a moment’s vigi-lance—and neither can we for the sake of our close friend. By authorizing enhanced military coopera-tion between our countries and further en-shrining Israel’s qualitative military edge, H.R. 5141 guarantees that Israel will also remain far and away our most capable ally. The bill authorizes foreign military financing at an an-nual level no less than the $3.3 billion agreed to in the bilateral MOU negotiated under the Obama Administration. Crucially, the bill speci-fies that the assistance should be ‘‘not less than $3.3 billion’’—a clear statement that this MOU constitutes a floor rather than a ceiling. This Congress can not accept predetermined limits on its support to such a crucial ally. A floor, yes—a ceiling, no. The bill’s other provisions facilitate the transfer of advanced precision guided missiles for Israel’s use and lays the groundwork for bi-lateral cooperation that will assist Israel in confronting an evolving landscape of threats, including from unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), cyber-attacks, and non-state actors. The many facets of cooperation supported by this bill—from international development, to space exploration, to cybersecurity—are not just for Israel’s benefit: they directly contribute to our national security. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE AND RE-TIREMENT OF MR. SHIRO FLOYD MORI 
HON. COLLEEN HANABUSA 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Shiro Floyd Mori, former presi-dent and CEO of the Asian Pacific American Institute for Congressional Studies (APAICS), and wish him well as he retires from a distin-guished career in public service. Born in Murray, Utah, outside of Salt Lake City on May 30, 1939, Floyd is the son of Jap-anese immigrants from Kagoshima. He grad-uated from Jordan High School and served for six months on active duty in the United States Army Reserves at Fort Ord, California. After starting college at the University of Southern California (USC), Floyd interrupted his studies and served a two-year mission to Hawaii for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. He earned his bachelor’s degree in ec-onomics and Asian studies, as well as a mas-ter’s degree in economics and political science, from Brigham Young University (BYU). Since then, Floyd has attended fellow-ship programs at Stanford University and the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). After college, Floyd began his career by teaching economics at Chabot College in Hay-ward, California, for ten years. In 1972, Floyd was elected onto the City Council of Pleasanton, California, before becoming mayor. In 1975, he was one of the first two Japanese Americans elected onto the Cali-fornia State Assembly. Floyd eventually be-came director of the Office of International Trade in California, an international business consultant, and president of Mori-Silva Inter-national. There is no doubt that Floyd has had a truly distinguished career. Today, however, I rise to recognize his extraordinary lifelong contribu-tions to Asian Pacific Islander communities in the United States. Besides his outstanding work with APAICS, Floyd held numerous local and national positions for the Japanese Amer-ican Citizens League (JACL), including as president and vice president. He served on the executive council of the Leadership Con-ference on Civil and Human Rights, the diver-sity council for Comcast, and as chair of the National Council of Asian Pacific Americans (NCAPA). Floyd’s many awards for his community service include the Outstanding Citizen Achievement Award from OCA National, Coali-tion Building Award from the Sikh American Legal Defense and Education Fund, Voices of Courage Award from the Islamic Cultural Cen-ter of Fresno, the Distinguished Citizenship and Patriotism Award from the Pan Pacific American Leaders and Mentors, Community Leadership Award from the Asian Pacific American Institute for Congressional Studies, and the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Rosette Award from the Japanese gov-ernment. In March, Floyd retired from his position as president and CEO of the Asian Pacific Amer-ican Institute for Congressional Studies (APAICS). For five years, Floyd has led APAICS to achieve significant growth in activ-ity, public support, and sponsorship. The APAICS we see today is more visible, well- connected, diverse, and ambitious because of Floyd’s leadership. Floyd’s lifelong service reminds us all of how important it is that we continue to cherish and advance diversity across our country. Through his tireless efforts as a leader of the Asian Pacific Islander community, Floyd has enriched the lives of countless Americans of all backgrounds. He has inspired future gen-erations to build upon the important work he achieved. Mr. Speaker, I ask my distinguished col-leagues to join me in celebrating Floyd’s ac-complishments and years of service and wish-ing Floyd the very best in a prosperous retire-ment and all his future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH OF VIENNA 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 150th anniversary of First Baptist Church of Vienna, which has been a fixture of our Northern Virginia community since its founding. In 1867, shortly after the conclusion of the Civil War, Union Army Major O.E. Hine presented the founders of First Bap-tist Church with a deed to a small piece of land he owned for the purposes of building educational and religious facilities. Using lum-ber acquired from the Freedman’s Bureau and from barracks that were being torn down, the first church building was erected on Lawyer’s Road in the town of Vienna, where the con-gregation would remain until relocating to its current location on Orchard Street ninety years later in 1957. Throughout its 150-year history, First Baptist Church of Vienna has served as the spiritual and religious home to countless worshipers. In addition to fulfilling its religious missions, the philanthropic work of the church and its mem-bers is extensive, both locally and internation-ally. Working with area churches, First Baptist has raised over $28,000 for tsunami relief in Asia and Africa, contributed over $53,000 to the Community Coalition for Haiti for earth-quake relief in that devastated country, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10MY8.001 E10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE623 May 10, 2018 
donated $5,000 to a build a new community college in Zimbabwe. The congregation has also participated in the Rise Against Hunger campaign, which raised more than $14,000 and packaged 50,000 meals for communities around the world suffering from chronic hunger. In our own Northern Virginia community, First Baptist has partnered with numerous nonprofits for a variety of charitable causes, including Habitat for Humanity, the Northern Virginia Clergy Council, OAR Fairfax, and the Shepherd’s Center of Oakton-Vienna. Truly, First Baptist Church of Vienna is following the ethos of ministry and working for the better-ment of all in our community. This ethos is prominent in Northern Virginia, and I am con-fident this is part of the reason why this con-gregation has remained here for as long as it has, and why it will continue to thrive. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have been a partner with First Baptist Church of Vienna on many of these initiatives and have been fortu-nate to join them for worship many times. I commend Pastor Vernon C. Walton as well as former Pastor Kenny Smith for their leadership and devotion to their faith and our community. I also congratulate the entire ministry and con-gregation on this milestone, and ask my col-leagues to join me in wishing them continued success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding missed votes due to meeting with a constituent group. Had I been present for roll call vote number 174, Adoption of H. Res. 879—The rule providing for consideration of the bill H.R. 3053—Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018, I would have voted yea. 
f 
RECOGNIZING IOLA ‘‘OLIE’’ ELSE 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Iola ‘‘Olie’’ Else, the long-time rodeo coach at the University of Montana-Western in Dillon. For more than two decades, Coach Else has been the driving force behind the school’s nationally recognized college rodeo team. The Bulldogs place high in the regional standings and compete for national titles. In fact, her teams rank in the top 10 in the National Colle-giate Rodeo Association every year. The National Intercollegiate Rodeo Associa-tion named Else Coach of the Year in 2004. She was the first woman to earn the award. A red blazer and cowbell are Olie’s trade-marks at college rodeo competitions. UMW rodeo athletes recognize that ringing cowbell from the stands whenever they rope or ride. Current and former athletes recall her lead-ership and support that have guided them through college and beyond. Considered more than just a coach, many of the athletes regard Else as a second mother, and she often refers to them as her kids. Despite the team’s re-gional and national recognition, Else says she’s most proud that her kids graduate and go out into the world to make a difference. Olie is retiring after 25 years as head coach, but it won’t be her last rodeo. You can be sure her kids will see and hear her from the stands in future competitions. In honor of rodeo moms and mothers every-where, today I honor Iola ‘‘Olie’’ Else for her dedication to education, the sport of college rodeo, and our Montana way of life. f 
RECOGNIZING MATTHEW NIMS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a finalist for the Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medal in National Security and International Affairs, Mr. Matthew Nims. Presented by the Partnership for Public Service, the Service to America Medals—or the Sammies—are highly respected honors to highlight excellence in our federal workforce. Nominees for the award must show a strong commitment to federal service, a significant accomplishment within their field that meets the needs of the American people, and excel-lence in customer service to citizens or other beneficiaries. Matthew Nims, the Acting Director for the Office of Food for Peace at the U.S. Agency for International Development, worked with his team to distribute $1.4 billion in emergency food assistance to 20 million people in Yemen, Somalia, South Sudan, and Nigeria, who are threatened by violent conflicts every day and fighting famine. The efforts of Mr. Nims and his team have saved countless lives under harrowing conditions. With civil war, violence, and terrorism threat-ening vulnerable populations in those four countries, getting aid to people who are suf-fering is difficult. Matthew Nims did not let such conditions deter him. According to his colleagues, Mr. Nims was ‘‘out in front, meet-ing with, informing, coordinating, and leading hundreds of USAID staff, others in govern-ment and our international partners to choose the right approaches, prioritize the most critical situations, and get food to people swiftly and efficiently when lives were at stake.’’ In South Sudan, for example, the economy was in a freefall, crime was rampant, travel was difficult, there were few functioning institu-tions, and some five million people were in need of food assistance. To function effec-tively under such conditions required Mr. Nims to assess the needs, ensure the safety of his team, find creative ways to deliver food, plan and manage the food distribution, and resolve the day-to-day challenges. As a former Peace Corps volunteer and USAID employee in Indonesia, Guyana, and Afghanistan, Mr. Nims has brought a unique perspective to his role in the Office of Food for Peace and sees his mission as quite simple: ‘‘We work to keep people alive. When there are hungry people out there, we try to feed them.’’ I ask my colleagues to join me in com-mending Matthew Nims for his work to dis-tribute food assistance to 20 million people in four countries who are fighting famine and other dangers, and in congratulating Mr. Nims for being a finalist for such a prestigious award. f 
CELEBRATING THE 90TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE EMBASSY THE-ATER OF FORT WAYNE, INDIANA 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Embassy Theater in Fort Wayne, Indiana. For 90 years, the Em-bassy Theatre has been a treasured cultural and performing arts center in downtown Fort Wayne. The Embassy Theater opened its doors on May 14, 1928 as a movie palace and vaudeville house. During its 90-year history, the theater has hosted numerous notable acts, including Perry Como, Tony Bennett, Doris Day, Duke Ellington, and Louis Armstrong. Sadly, the theater fell on hard times in the 1960’s and was closed in 1971. The commu-nity of Fort Wayne banded together to save the Embassy, and the Embassy Theater Foun-dation was founded in 1972. The intent of this organization is to preserve this historic land-mark for future generations in northeast Indi-ana. The foundation sponsored a major ren-ovation of the property in 1995 and continues to support the theater today. The Embassy Theater is a cherished cul-tural landmark in Fort Wayne, and we cele-brate its 90th anniversary. Congratulations to everyone associated with the Embassy The-ater on reaching this important milestone. 
f 
CELEBRATING MIKE BUCCI WHO WILL BE HONORED AS PERSON OF THE YEAR BY COLUMBIA COUNTY ASSOCIATION IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Anthony Michael ‘‘Mike’’ Bucci Jr., who will be honored as Person of the Year by the Columbia County Association in the City of New York on May 10, 2018. Born and raised in Hudson, NY, Mike was an honors graduate of Hudson High School, where he was-a three-sport letterman. He went on to graduate cum laude from Villanova University in 1983, where he was the captain of the intercollegiate bowling team. Upon grad-uation, Mike was immediately hired to work for the accounting firm Ernst and Whinney. During his time with the firm, he was responsible for audit and consulting services for more than 100 different audit and tax clients. 1988 brought a new adventure for Mike, as he became the Audit Director and Controller for the NYS Bridge Authority in Highland, NY. In that capacity, he was responsible for a $10 million annual budget that handled the imple-mentation, maintenance, and adequacy of the Authority’s financial and management account-ing and reporting systems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10MY8.006 E10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE624 May 10, 2018 
In 1998, Mike became a partner at the pres-tigious accounting firm of Pattinson, Koskey, & Rath P.C. In a short three years, Mike was named Treasurer and equity owner in the firm. During that time, the firm voted to be renamed Pattison, Koskey, Howe and Bucci, CPAs, P.C. Under his leadership as Managing Share-holder, the firm amassed ten partners, eight-een CPAs, and six offices in the Hudson Val-ley. Mike is also a dedicated and active member of his community who is always willing to lend a hand. He has served on several local boards including the Twin County Vikings, the Hudson Little League, and the Hudson Boys and Girls Club. Currently, Mike is a member of the Columbia County Sons and Daughters of Italy No. 659, serving as a trustee and was named its ‘‘Positive Image Award’’ recipient in 2005. Mike’s service to Columbia County is greatly appreciated, and I congratulate him for being honored as Person of the Year by the Colum-bia County Association in the City of New York. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PHILLIPS PRO-GRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES ON ITS 50TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate PHILLIPS Programs for Chil-dren and Families on its 50th Anniversary. I also want to recognize the outstanding faculty, staff, and Board of Trustees for the extraor-dinary impact they have had on the education and lives of thousands of youth in the commu-nities surrounding our Nation’s Capital. The growth of PHILLIPS Programs from their humble beginnings is astonishing. Years before the first federal laws were enacted to require all public schools to provide a free and appropriate education for all students regard-less of disabilities, in 1967 PHILLIPS began in a two-bedroom bungalow in McLean teaching four students. The PHILLIPS Programs now include special education schools on four campuses, a vibrant home-based support pro-gram (Family Partners), and its newest career and technical education initiative, Career Part-ners, which launched in 2016. While all of these programs teach important job skills, they also teach employability skills (general skills in the areas of applied knowledge, effective rela-tionships, and workplace skills) that are nec-essary for success in the labor market at all employment levels and in all sectors. In tan-dem with academic and technical skills, em-ployability skills are crucial to career readi-ness. At PHILLIPS Programs, the core of their philosophy and practice is the ethos that with the right support and commitment, all of its students will reach their full potential. PHIL-LIPS offers special education day school pro-grams for students in elementary through high school in nationally acclaimed facilities for stu-dents for whom public or other specialized schools were not successful. PHILLIPS serves a diverse group of youth from Virginia, Maryland, and Washington, D.C. The lives of the youth served by PHILLIPS have been affected by a variety of personal and neurodevelopmental circumstances, so PHILLIPS staff tailor their approach to each unique individual. PHILLIPS provides these youths a fresh start. They address each stu-dent’s needs honestly with acceptance, re-spect, compassion, and a creative plan to make a better tomorrow. PHILLIPS focuses on the students’ behavioral health needs, their emotional needs, communication needs, and beyond that their family and community needs. PHILLIPS builds a program around each child, rather than fitting that child into a particular program. Mr. Speaker, for five decades PHILLIPS Programs have provided youth and families in the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area with the opportunity to achieve their dreams through education, combined with a full menu of support services. PHILLIPS is continuing its tradition of support for youth with a focus on students transitioning from school to work through the expansion of career and technical education and workforce development, serving those others cannot. On behalf of the citizens of the 11th Congressional District, I congratu-late each and every member of the PHILLIPS community on this momentous anniversary and I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing them continued success and growth. f 
PARK MANOR BEE CAVE AND GULF POINTE PLAZA RESIDENTS BAND TOGETHER 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, not far from the beach in Rockport, Texas, lies the Gulf Pointe Plaza, a community providing care for the elderly. Their serene world was overturned when Hurricane Harvey bore down on the south-eastern coast of Texas. Mobilizing quickly, the care center successfully evacuated all of the 90-plus residents and transported them to sis-ter facilities, out of harm’s way, before the storm hit. The fire departments of both Rock-port and Travis County played a significant role in their successful evacuation. Since September, the residents of Park Manor in Bee Cave have graciously played host to their displaced visitors, heartily wel-coming them into their communities while the future of the facilities in Rockport remained up in the air. Current residents doubled up in rooms, and the staff converted the physical therapy room into a makeshift dormitory that slept 14 people. The Rockport crew received support from well-wishers outside of Texas. Residents of the South Shore Care Center in Worthington, Minnesota, gathered together and painted signs with messages of support, including ‘‘Stay Strong Texas’’ and ‘‘God Bless You,’’ that they mailed to Texas to bolster the spirits of the uprooted Gulf Coast residents. Just recently, the Gulf Pointe Plaza resi-dents and employees, who relocated with their patients, received the good news that renova-tions on their new facility have been com-pleted and that they will soon return home. In addition to those returning from Bee Cave, the facility will also take in new residents once it is reopened. To celebrate their return to their original home, the residents and staff at Park Manor threw their visitors a Texas-themed goodbye party, complete with food, drinks, and, natu-rally, country music. While the folks from Rockport will be glad to return home, their farewell to their hosts was bittersweet. Despite the stress of being displaced from their home, they take fond memories from their eight months spent in Bee Cave with them. Mr. Speaker, the generosity, support, and helping hand provided by the Rockport and Travis County Fire Departments, the South Shore Care Center, and of course the Park Manor in Bee Cave are yet another example of the tremendous benevolence shown to the victims of Hurricane Harvey, and they rep-resent everything that is good about America. This is truly a country whose citizens will pro-vide for each other in a time of need, even if it does mean going without a fitness area for eight months. And that is just the way it is. f 
SHARING STUDENTS’ ‘MARCH FOR OUR LIVES’ REMARKS 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on May 9, I came to the Floor and spoke about the March For Our Lives on March 24 and the nine extraor-dinarily poised students in Morristown, New Jersey, who spoke at the rally there, which I attended. Because they were too long to insert into the R
ECORD together, I am submitting them individually. I hope my colleagues will read them and internalize the sense of fear in which our nation’s students are living every day—and our responsibility as Members of Congress to do something to address this cri-sis of gun violence. 
‘MARCH FOR OURLIVES’ REMARKS  (By Bella Bhimani) Hi, everyone. Before I begin, I would first like to thank everyone for coming today to support such an important cause. The over-whelming support we’ve received has made all the difference. And to everyone who do-nated, whether it be your time, money or even knitting hats, I cannot thank you enough. I would also like to thank both the mayor and the Morristown Police Depart-ment for all the help they have provided and doing everything possible to make this march happen. We also have four sponsors, Blue Wave NJ, Moms Demand Action, NJ–ll for Change, and League of Women Voters. These organizations are all truly amazing and have done so much for us. Lastly I would just like to say how grateful I am for the in-credible group of students that we have. These students have worked so hard and without them none of this would have been possible. One of the questions I’ve been asked a lot is ‘‘what makes this shooting so different?’’ I can’t speak for everyone else, but I know at least for me, when the last major school shooting happened, (Sandy Hook) I had only just turned eleven. It’s not that I didn’t care, because I was obviously upset, but I knew that as a fifth grader I didn’t have the power to do anything. Because we live in a world where we are taught growing up that ‘‘the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY8.005 E10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE625 May 10, 2018 
adults will handle it’’. We expect that the president and all of our legislators will do their job and when there is a problem they will actually do something about it. However as we have grown up we’ve realized that that is not the case. If we want change to happen we have to make it happen ourselves. One of my favorite Gandhi quotes is ‘Be the change you wish to see in the world.’ And that is why I am up here today. We are the ones af-fected and we are the only ones willing to fix this. But before I go any further I want to ad-dress the preconceived notion that we are trying to take away all guns. This is not the case. All we want is to make the world safer, which is something I think everyone can agree. We believe this can be accomplished through stricter gun regulations. We are asking for stricter background checks, rais-ing the age limit of purchase and, while not everyone may agree, I am certainly in favor of a ban on assault rifles, which are truly weapons of war. Going off of that another question that I am frequently asked is, what am I actually trying to accomplish with this march. With that comes the constant criticism that this march isn’t going to suddenly make change happen. And to some extent they’re not wrong. This is not something that will hap-pen overnight and is a fight that is going to take time. Every fight has to start some-where and this is only the beginning. So to answer the question what I want is to keep this conversation going. To get Congress to begin discussing passing stricter gun laws and to show the world that we won’t stop. That being said, I would like everyone to take a second to turn to the people around you and introduce yourselves. Get to know each other, because we are ultimately all one community, and we are here for the same reason: to put an end to gun violence. And this change is only going to happen if we are united. f 
RECOGNIZING RECRUIT CLASS 2017–02 OF THE PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF FIRE AND RESCUE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate the recent graduates of the Prince William County Public Safety Academy. These men and women will soon join the ranks of those who have served and continue to serve in the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue. Since its inception in 1966, the Department of Fire and Rescue has led the way. In 1967, Prince William County became the first juris-diction on the East Coast to implement the 911 System. That same year, Prince William became the first county in the Commonwealth of Virginia and the National Capital Region to implement a physical ability exam for career firefighters. In 1994, Mary Beth Michos was hired as Chief and became the first female fire and rescue chief of a metro-sized department. The Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue continues to maintain one of the most forward-thinking combination fire depart-ments in the country, and its legacy of ‘‘firsts’’ continues. It is one of only three jurisdictions in the Commonwealth of Virginia with dele-gated training authority, granted by the Vir-ginia Department of Fire Programs. Each member of the recruit class has suc-cessfully completed a rigorous application process, followed by more than 1,200 hours of exhaustive academic and physical training over the course of 28 weeks. Upon successful completion of this program, each recruit is eli-gible to graduate and become a Fire and Res-cue Technician with the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue. The training and certification required to achieve the status of a Fire and Rescue Tech-nician cannot be accomplished without signifi-cant dedication and hard work. Today’s grad-uates have completed more than 600 hours of the required coursework for certification in Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR), Infec-tion Control, Certified Scrum Master (CSM), Emergency Medical Training (EMT-Basic), Firefighter I, Firefighter II, Emergency Vehicle Operator Course 2, Emergency Vehicle Oper-ator Course 3, Flashover Simulation, Rapid Intervention Training (RIT), Mayday, Hazmat Awareness/Operations, Swift Water Rescue Awareness, Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG) with Simulation, Rural Water Supply, Basic Life Support (BLS) Protocols, Rope Rescue Awareness, Vehicle Rescue Awareness, and Child Passenger Safety Seat Instillation. It is my honor to include in the RECORD the following names of the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue recruit class graduates: William Allen, Tyler Barnikel, Jadon Carr, Joshua Castellanos, Brice Deible, Samuel Gorham, Lucas Gray, Kurt Hagen, David Hufford, Brandon Jacobs, Jeremy Lonas, Damian Lyles, Corey Mcfarland, Seth McGregor, Marcio Midence, Jharray Neal, Adam Negvesky, Jordan Rigney, Christopher Sager, Dante Sanders, Ian Sheedy, Michael Smith, Jesus Tapia-Lima, Sophia Therriault, Robert Traver, Ryan Turlik, Brooke Wallace, and Nicholas White. As the newest members of the Department of Fire and Rescue, the aforementioned grad-uates join the department as integral parts of the emergency response and community safe-ty team. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the newest members of the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue. I am confident that recruit class 2017–02 will serve the residents of Prince Wil-liam County with honor and distinction. In the tradition of their new firefighting family, I say: ‘‘Stay safe.’’ 
f 
APPRECIATING JUDGE ROBERT CHAPMAN 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, South Carolina honored a Grateful Patriot, Judge Robert Foster Chapman, who passed away on April 18, 2018. As a courageous pioneer for developing the two-party system, Judge Chapman was Chair-man of the South Carolina Republican Party in 1961 when Charlie Boineau of Richland Coun-ty was elected the first Republican legislator of the 20th Century, and in 1962 when State Representative Floyd Spence of Lexington County, was the first legislator to switch par-ties in the 20th Century. From this humble be-ginning, the Republican Party advanced to majority status in 1994. I particularly appreciate his judicial service in 1984 when he ruled that State Senate elec-tions would not be delayed and single member districts would be implemented based on equal population. The following obituary was published on April 26, 2018, in The State of Columbia, South Carolina: Judge Robert Foster Chapman, born April 24, 1926, in Inman South Carolina, as the middle son of the five sons of James Alfred Chapman and Martha Marshall Chapman, died peacefully in his sleep on Wednesday, April 18, 2018. He attended the public schools of Spartanburg and graduated from Spartanburg High School in 1943. He entered the U.S. Navy on July 1, 1943, in the V–12 Program at Emory and Henry College. In March of 1944, he transferred to the naval ROTC at the University of South Carolina and graduated in 1945 with a B.S. Degree and was commissioned as an Ensign. He was as-signed to Guam and commanded the ship YW–92 at age 19. He later attended the Cross-roads Operation where atomic bombs were tested after the war. He entered the University of South Caro-lina Law School in September of 1946 and graduated in January of 1949. He entered the practice of law as an associate in the firm of Osborne, Butler and Moore in Spartanburg, South Carolina and remained with this firm until December of 1951 when he was recalled to active duty with the U.S. Navy. He was on active duty as a Lieutenant from January of 1952 until October of 1953, on the staff of the Commander Naval Forces, Marianas Islands. He returned to Spartanburg in October of 1953 and formed the law firm of Butler and Chapman, which became Butler, Chapman, Parler and Morgan where he practiced law until appointed by President Nixon in May of 1971 as a United States District Judge. In Oc-tober of 1981, President Reagan appointed him to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit where he served until elect-ing senior status in May of 1991. Judge Chapman moved from Spartanburg to Camden, South Carolina shortly after he became a federal judge and he resided in Camden until moving back to Spartanburg in 2008. He became active in the South Carolina Republican Party in the spring of 1960 and was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1960, 1964 and 1968. He served as the Chairman of the South Carolina Re-publican Party from July of 1961 until March of 1963. He was the Chairman of the Spartanburg County Republican Party from 1964 through 1969. He received the Order of the Palmetto in 1978; the National Patriot’s Award from the Congressional Medal of Honor Society in 1985; an Honorary Doctor of Laws Degree from the University of South Carolina in 1986; an Honorary Doctor of Humanities from the College of Charleston in 2000. He became a member of the American Trial Lawyers As-sociation beginning on September 1, 1969. He married Mary Winston (Wince) Gwathmey Chapman of Spartanburg on De-cember 21, 1951 and took her with him to Guam. They had three sons: Edward Bates Chapman, born December 11, 1953, of Tryon, North Carolina; Alfred Foster Chapman, born October 16, 1955, of Spartanburg, South Carolina; and Winston Gwathmey Chapman, born November 11, 1958 of Breckenridge, Col-orado. Wince Chapman was the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Edward M Gwathmey of Spartanburg and she died September 28, 1998. He married Mary Vail St. Georges of South 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MY8.007 E10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE626 May 10, 2018 
Amboy, New Jersey on September 30, 2000. Mary died February 14, 2013. He has three daughters in-law, Jeanette, Ruth and Ann; step children, Joe St. Georges and Cathy St. Georges, and their children; eight grandchildren, Robert, Malsert, Gabrielle, Ian, Katie, Chelsea, Cameron and Daniel; four step grandchildren, Hannah, Ben, Lori, and Will; and ten great grand-children. Judge Chapman was the third son of the late Mr. and Mrs. James A Chapman of Spartanburg. His brothers who predeceased him were James A Chapman, Jr; William Marshall Chapman; Joseph Wallace Chap-man, and Hugh McMaster Chapman. He is survived by his brother in-law, Edward M Gwathmey of Vail, Co; and sister in-law, Elizabeth S. Chapman of Spartanburg, SC; and many nieces and nephews. He was a Deacon and an Elder at the First Presbyterian Church of Spartanburg and an Elder at Bethesda Presbyterian Church in Camden. The family is most appreciative for the loving care rendered to the Judge by ‘‘his Ladies’’: Toni Moore, Felicia Hollis, Betty Garrett, Courtney Oglesby, Karen Styles and Angie Lipscomb. Honorary pallbearers will be the many law clerks who worked with and were mentored by the Judge over his career. A memorial service will be held Monday, April 30th, 4:00 PM at the First Presbyterian Church of Spartanburg. Memorials may be made in Judge Chap-man’s honor to The Linville Foundation, P.O. Box 99, Linville North Carolina 28646; or The Chapman Cultural Center, 200 East St John Street, Spartanburg, SC 29306. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 NORTHERN VIRGINIA FOOTBALL HALL OF FAME INDUCTEES AND AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Northern Virginia Football Hall of Fame (NVFHOF) and to congratulate the 2018 inductees and scholarship award re-cipients. Participation in organized sports instills many values that will serve our youth well throughout life, including sportsmanship, team-work, honesty, and the work ethic developed by striving for success and working to achieve a common goal. For 28 years, the NVFHOF has recognized the efforts of players, coaches, officials, and cheerleaders from local youth and scholastic football programs, and has inducted a few ex-ceptional individuals who have made signifi-cant contributions to the game. In addition, the NVFHOF presents several student-athletes with scholarships to help defray the cost of college. I commend the NVFHOF and congratulate the following students, coaches, and commu-nity leaders who are being recognized during the 28th Annual NVFHOF Awards Banquet: $1,500 Scholarship Award Recipients: Ken-dall Malinchock, Nathan D. Leas, Charles S. Salette, Thomas A. Beamon; Fairfax County Football Hall of Fame 2018 Inductees: Luke Bowanko (Baltimore Ravens, Jacksonville Jaguars, Centreville High School), Stephen A. Price (Coach, Westfield High School, Lake Braddock Secondary School), Ronald E. Decker (Coach, Vienna Youth In-corporated); Football Official of the Year: Charles Foster; Karl Davey Community Achievement Award: Valerie Armstrong; Tom Davis Meritorious Service Award: Hossein S. Panah; Gene Nelson Commissioner of the Year Award: Todd Casey; High School Coaches of the Year: Tom Verbanic, Kyle Simmons; High School Players of the Year: Nolan Cockrill, Spencer Alston, Dillon Spalding, Brian Cobbs, Ike Onwuka, Tyler Matheny; Youth Coaches of the Year: Jason Goldsberry, Anthony Gutowski, Michael Molinar, Adam Guild; Youth Sports Players of the Year: Miles Greer, Stacy G. Funches II, Adil Lodhi, Mi-chael Guruli, William Warter, Duncan Bangerter, Jalen Bogues, Wyatt Singer, Chris Clark, Cody Howard, Zack Holzworth, Ben-jamin Hammond, Xavier Micah Butler, Blake Johnson, Calvin Van Pelt, Angelo Romero, Jackson Stroud, Vincent Ordenes, Anthony Giordano, Trenton Johnson, Allan Starks, Adri-an Mejia, Veronica Paige Counts; Youth Cheerleaders of the Year: Emma Clare Holloway, Darcy Johnson, Nevada Elyse Whitfield, Hannah Rae Johnson, Winnie Gondek. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the Northern Virginia Hall of Fame, as well as those students, coaches, and community leaders who are being hon-ored at the 2018 Football Hall of Fame cele-bration. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL E. CAPUANO 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, this week I missed two roll calls. Had I been present, I would have voted: Roll Call No. 167—Yes, and Roll Call No. 168—Yes. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONORABLE SAM AANESTAD 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK, Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness that I speak today on the pass-ing of one of my dear friends and colleagues, the Honorable Sam Aanestad. Sam Aanestad was a fixture in Northern California GOP politics for nearly 20 years. He served 2 terms in the California State Assem-bly, Third District, from 1998 through 2002, before being twice elected in 2002 to the Cali-fornia State Senate, Fourth District. In the Legislature, Sam focused on cutting government spending, opposing higher taxes, and preserving property and water rights, as well as constituent services. In 2009, he was named by Capitol Weekly as the State Sen-ate’s ‘‘Most Conservative Member.’’ During his tenure, Sam received 100 per-cent ratings from the California Taxpayers As-sociation, National Tax Limitation Committee, California Farm Bureau Federation, National Federation of Independent Business, and many other conservative groups. Sam and his wife Susan lived in the North-ern California area since 1980. He had an es-tablished oral and maxillofacial surgery prac-tice in Grass Valley, where he also served as Vice Chief of Surgery for Sierra Nevada Me-morial Hospital. Sam was a member of the American Dental Association, served two terms as President of the Butte-Sierra District Dental Society, and served three years as Chairman of the Cali-fornia Dental Association’s Council on Legisla-tion. In 1998, he was honored by the UCLA School of Dentistry as their ‘‘Alumnus of the Year.’’ CALAOMS (California Association of Oral & Maxillofacial Surgeons) awarded Dr. Aanestad the ‘‘Distinguished Service Award’’ for his leadership in the CA State Assembly. Prior to joining the legislature, Sam served 11 years on the Grass Valley School District Board of Trustees, where he fought for greater local control and smaller class sizes. He was a member of the Rotary Club of Grass Valley, a youth soccer, football, and baseball coach, and member of the KNCO radio broadcast team for Nevada Union High School football. Sam earned his Bachelor of Science degree as well as his Doctor of Dental Surgery de-gree from the University of California, Los An-geles. He then did a four-year Oral and Maxil-lofacial Surgery residency at Highland Hospital in Oakland. Additionally, Sam earned his Mas-ter’s in Public Administration from Golden Gate University. Sam lived in Penn Valley with his wife Susan, where they were active in their local church. They have three grown children and 10 grandchildren. Sam Aanestad was one of the most sincere, sensible, genuine and honest people I have ever met and his passing is a loss that will never be filled in the life of anyone who knew him. It was my honor for several years to have been his seat mate in both the Assembly and the Senate. He often agonized over votes be-cause he truly wanted to do right by his con-stituents and his conscience, and he always did. f 
RECOGNIZING MARK SILVERWOOD 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the recipient of the Devotion to Children Legacy Award, Mr. Mark Silverwood. Co-founded in 1994, by my good friend, Rose-mary Tran Lauer, Devotion to Children seeks to raise awareness and support for high qual-ity education and child care programs for chil-dren under the age of six who are from eco-nomically disadvantaged families, which is crit-ical in ensuring these children become men-tally, physically and emotionally healthy mem-bers of society. Both working and unemployed families need access to affordable, quality pre-school, daycare, health and educational serv-ices, which are often unavailable to them with-out outside assistance. Devotion to Children 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10MY8.008 E10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE627 May 10, 2018 
identifies those needs, and works to find solu-tions. Each year Devotion to Children recognizes an individual who has made extraordinary con-tributions by promoting public awareness of the organization and local needs, providing funding for programs and services, and who has collaborated with other community organi-zations to support local children. I am pleased to join Devotion to Children in congratulating and thanking this year’s honoree, Mr. Mark Silverwood, for his service to our community. Mark Silverwood is President and CEO of Silverwood Associates, Inc. and Silverwood Management, Inc., affiliated real estate devel-opment and management companies, as well as a partner in Silverwood Investments, LLC. Since founding Silverwood Associates in 1993, Mr. Silverwood has been responsible for the acquisition, renovation, and management of several thousand apartments in the Wash-ington, D.C. metropolitan area, North Carolina, and West Virginia. Mr. Silverwood has more than 35 years of experience in the real estate industry, building more than 4,000 residential units and one million square feet of commer-cial space. In addition to his work as a developer, Mr. Silverwood has served on the Board of Direc-tors of the Arlington Free Clinic and the Co-lumbia Pike Revitalization Organization, as co- chair of the Urban Land Institute Workforce Housing Committee and as a member of the Governor’s Housing Policy Advisory Com-mittee. Currently, he is a member of the Urban Land Institute’s Washington District Council Advisory Board, the Virginia Housing Develop-ment Authority’s Northern Virginia Advisory Board, and the Fairfax County Economic Advi-sory Commission. Mr. Speaker, the dedicated work of citizens like Mark Silverwood and the volunteers, staff, and sponsors of Devotion to Children are some of the many reasons why Fairfax County and Northern Virginia as a whole remains one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, raise a family, and start a business. I ask my colleagues to join me in commending Devotion to Children for their dedication to fu-ture generations and in congratulating Mark Silverwood on receiving this award. 
f 
GARY BROZ 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this sum-mer will mark the end of Gary Broz’s tenure as city manager of Liberty, Texas. Gary has been a valuable asset for the city of Liberty since he took over as city manager in 2009. He revamped the city’s infrastructure by authorizing the reconstruction of the city electrical grid and the replacement of the dec-ades-old sewage plant and pipes system. He is responsible for the new, modern police sta-tion, upgraded parking meters, and the city’s new municipal golf course and country club. Above all, his leadership and poise helped the city navigate the challenges brought by Hurricanes Rita, Ike, and Harvey, as well as additional floods. The city’s levy withstood Hurricane Harvey last fall, preventing millions of dollars of damage to the city and requiring only minimal repairs afterwards. When Gary leaves his post in June, he will leave the city of Liberty better than he found it. The city’s financial situation is promising, with deep reserves and a new fixed asset fund set aside for the purchase of new equipment. Liberty is also more recognizable as a city than it was in 2009 and has a stronger sense of community. Gary’s idea of a retirement? Taking on a new role as the city manager of Eagle Lake. Not that this comes as too much of a surprise, since hard work has always been a staple of Gary’s life. From working the Houston Rodeo to pay his way through college and his experience work-ing as a farmer and rancher to his decades- long career in city governments across Texas, Gary has always met challenges in life head- on, leaning on an indefatigable work ethic and the uncanny ability to get even the toughest job done. In his new post, Gary will be able to spend more time with his wife, Georgia, whom he married 39 years ago, as his office will only be a brief fifteen minutes away from his house in Columbus. Mr. Speaker, it is individuals like Gary whose hard work done on behalf of our com-munities makes our country great. And that is just the way it is. f 
HONORING AMBASSADOR VASILIOS PHILIPPOU 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-leagues to join me as I rise to pay tribute to H.E. Ambassador Vasilios Philippou as he be-gins his new position as the High Commis-sioner of the Republic of Cyprus in Ottawa, Canada. Ambassador Philippou began his career in the National Guard for the Republic of Cyprus. He went on to receive his B.A. in Economics, Social Administration, and Political Science at University of Montpellier France in 1989, fol-lowed by a Master’s degree in International Politics from Free University of Brussels in 1999, and most recently a Master of Arts in International Relations from Alliant Inter-national University in 2013. Ambassador Philippou served in the Foreign Service of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Cyprus in 1991. He was later appointed as the Consul General of Cyprus in New York, in ad-dition to later being appointed Counsellor to Economic Affairs, Multilateral Affairs, and Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Cyprus to various other countries. He also served as High Commissioner of the Republic of Cyprus to Antigua, Barbuda, St. Lucia, and Trinidad and Tobago in 2016. Ambassador Philippou has been honored and recognized by many different government entities and organizations. The United States Congress honored him for his dedication to peace, understanding, and positive commu-nication for human rights. Ambassador Philippou was awarded the ‘‘The International Good Scout Award’’ from the greater New York Councils of Boy Scouts of America. He has been honored by the Cyprus Children’s Fund for his commitment to aiding the needy children of Cyprus, and the Ambassador is an Honorary Fellow of the Foreign Policy Asso-ciation of New York. Ambassador Philippou has dedicated his life to the service of the country of Cyprus, its international relations, and the well-being of Cypriot children. Mr. Speaker, I know that my fellow mem-bers of the U.S. House of Representatives agree that Ambassador Vasilios Philippou de-serves to be recognized for all of his hard work and dedication to the lives of others both in his country and internationally. f 
PROTECTING CIVIL SOCIETY, FAITH-BASED ACTORS, AND PO-LITICAL SPEECH IN SUB-SAHA-RAN AFRICA 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, our hearing today will explore U.S. policy re-sponses to the growing trend of government incursions on the space for non-state actors in Sub-Saharan Africa. As authoritarian regimes and backsliding democracies have entrenched themselves in countries such as Sudan, South Sudan, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda, and Burundi, governments have in-creasingly encroached upon the mediating space between individuals and the state, par-ticularly against religious groups and journal-ists, who often stand as independent institu-tional checks to authoritarian rule. Protecting non-governmental sector in Sub- Saharan Africa is critical to preserving civil and political rights within the region. As we learned from the U.S. civil rights movement, groups such as churches and independent journalists are the safekeepers of civil liberties. Through sanctions and public diplomacy tools, the international community can protect the space for these safe-keepers to operate in Sub-Saharan Africa. For example, the Catholic Church in the Democratic Republic of Congo is the only or-ganization with a nationwide institutional pres-ence and moral authority capable of checking Kabila’s growing authoritarian rule. The Na-tional Episcopal Conference of the Congo (CENCO, per its French acronym) is the only civil society institution that pressures the Kabila regime to respect human rights and democratic principles. CENCO mediated the Saint Sylvester political agreement in 2016. It also oversees the Episcopal Commission for Justice and Peace (CEJP) which conducts voter-education and election-observer training programs and is a recipient of USAID funding, and has expressed ‘‘moral support’’ for pro-de-mocracy protests. The Catholic Church’s leadership in the Congo does not come without a cost. Priests, nuns and parishioners have been targeted, at-tacked, and killed in retaliation for its leader-ship. A few months ago, Father Sebastien Yebo, parish priest of St. Robert in an outer eastern suburb of Kinshasa, was was ab-ducted by Congolese security forces. Inter-viewed on RFI radio, Father Joseph Bema from St. Kisito’s parish said he has rarely slept at home since the brutal suppression of the protest marches organized by the Lay Coordi-nation Committee on Jan. 21. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10MY8.010 E10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE628 May 10, 2018 
The closing of space for faith based organi-zations and other civil society organizations is a worrying trend in a number of Sub-Saharan African countries. Humanitarian aid workers, journalists, priests and political candidates (and their families), have been increasingly targeted and threatened by governments in Sub-Saharan Africa. If we look north of the DRC, we can see that in South Sudan, a country I visited twice since its independence, we see humanitarian organizations are harassed by government forces. Last year, humanitarian organizations reported over 700 cases of humanitarian ac-cess incidents. The environment for humani-tarian operations grows increasingly difficult and dangerous as the geographic scope of humanitarian need continues to expand. South Sudan currently have over 1.7 million IDPs. There is also growing concern throughout the region on the closing of independent and objective media sources. Most recently, Bu-rundi suspended Voice of America and BBC earlier this week for a period of six months, according to the announcement made at a press conference by the Conseil Nationale de la Communication (CNC). The CNC claims that this suspension is in response to ‘‘biased reporting.’’ This suspension comes two weeks before a referendum allowing Burundi’ s presi-dent to serve into the 2030s, in apparent viola-tion of constitutional term limits. VOA’s local correspondent told US Embassy Bujumbura that the decision was a complete surprise and we will hear more from VOA’s Africa Director as one of our witnesses today. All of the witnesses today bring us an on- the-ground perspective of the closing space for non-governmental organizations, though they will provide a snapshot of conditions in several countries, their testimony’s will provide evidence of the growing regional trend of in-cursions against civic space. My hope is that this hearing will inform our view of possible U.S. policy responses to better protect funda-mental civil and political rights in Sub-Saharan Africa, which includes using sanctions, greater support for faith-based actor via USAID, and support media independence, specifically Voice of America—Africa (VOA). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE RECOVER ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to intro-duce the Reducing the Effects of the Cyberattack on OPM Victims Emergency Re-sponse Act of 2018 (the RECOVER Act), which would require the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) to make permanent the free identity protection coverage that Congress required OPM to provide for 10 years to indi-viduals whose Social Security Numbers were potentially compromised during the OPM data breaches. In 2015, OPM reported that the per-sonally identifiable information of as many as 25.7 million current, former and prospective federal employees and contractors was stolen in two data breaches. I appreciate that Rep-resentative C.A. D
UTCH RUPPERSBERGER is co- sponsoring this bill. After OPM announced that it would offer identity protection coverage of limited duration and value, Senator BENCARDIN and I intro-duced the RECOVER Act in July 2015, which would have provided affected individuals life-time protection and at least $5 million in iden-tity theft insurance. Congress subsequently in-cluded a version of our bill in an enacted ap-propriations bill, but limited the duration of the protection. Under current law, OPM is only re-quired to provide identity protection coverage through fiscal year 2026. Under the bill we are introducing today, OPM would be required to provide the coverage for the remainder of the life of affected individuals. The current coverage is inadequate, particu-larly considering that there is no limit to when the thieves (or those they have shared the stolen data with) may exploit the data. There-fore, there should be no limit to the duration of the coverage provided to affected individ-uals. This bill would give current, former and prospective federal employees and contractors who were affected both some peace of mind and protection. OPM failed to protect these people. It follows that the government must do the right thing to make up for its mistake. I urge my colleagues to support this impor-tant bill. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 WEST POINT LEADERSHIP ETHICS AND DIVERSITY IN STEM WORKSHOP 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the West Point Leadership Ethics and Diversity in STEM (LEADS) Program, and to congratulate the students who have partici-pated in the 2018 LEADS Workshop. The LEADS program began in 2011 and was designed to engage students in the 6th through 10th grades to help prepare them for the challenging academic courses required for acceptance into top tier schools like West Point, focusing primarily on underserved and minority school populations. While a focus on STEM education has been a top priority in many schools, the West Point LEADS pro-gram adds another very important dimen-sion—the role that ethics plays in effective leadership. In addition to robotics and coding workshops, students in the LEADS program also participate in activities to explore and begin their journeys to become not only edu-cated leaders, but also ethical leaders. Students from forty-five schools are partici-pating in the 2018 LEADS program. I con-gratulate each of these students and am hon-ored to recognize the following schools who have provided them with this opportunity: BASIS DC; Bishop O’Connell High School, Colonial Forge High School, DC International School, Deer Park Middle Magnet School, Dwight D. Eisenhower Middle School, Epis-copal High School, Fairview Elementary School, Forest Park High School, Fort Foote Elementary School, Friendship Collegiate Academy, Frost Middle School, Georgetown Visitation Prep School, Great Explorations School, Hayfield Secondary School, HH Poole Middle School, Imagine Foundation at Morningside, Irving Middle School, Lake Brad-dock Secondary School, Lake Ridge Middle School, Langley High School, Lauren Hill Ele-mentary School, Mark Twain Middle School, Mount Vernon High School, North Stafford High School, Oakcrest School, Oxon Hill High School, Patriot High School, Paul VI High School, Phillipsburg Middle School, Pinnacle Academy, Potomac Middle School, Rippon Middle School, Rodney Thompson Middle School, Samuel Ogle Middle School, Sidwell Friends School, South County High School, South County Middle School, St. Stephen & St. Agnes School, Suitland High School, Tem-ple Baptist School, West Springfield High School, Westlake High School, and Williams-burg Middle School. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the schools and students who are participating in the 2018 West Point LEADS Program. I thank the West Point Soci-ety of DC, the MITRE Corporation, and the Rotary Club of Springfield, for their support of this vital program. I also would like to recog-nize Ms. Pat Walker Locke, who in 1980 be-came the first African American woman to graduate from West Point, for her critical role in creating and promoting the LEADS pro-gram, as well as for her decades of commit-ment to the growth and development of our fu-ture leaders. She has received numerous na-tional awards and accolades in recognition of her efforts. Her support of all students, but pri-marily those in underrepresented communities, has improved the lives of countless children and is truly worthy of our highest praise. f 
HONORING MASTER SERGEANT RUSSELL BERKHEIMER, U.S. ARMY, ON HIS RETIREMENT AFTER MORE THAN 20 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I offer my heartfelt congratulations to Russell Berkheimer, a native of Thomasville, PA, on his upcoming retirement after more than 20 years of service to the United States of Amer-ica. Master Sergeant Berkheimer currently serves as the Technical Director of the Joint Communications Integration Element, where he provides daily guidance on technical issues facing the entire command, while leading re-search and development projects to meet ca-pability gaps. He entered the United States Army in 1998, and served in numerous as-signments, to include Central America in sup-port of counter-narcotics and humanitarian missions, as well as Afghanistan and Iraq dur-ing Operation Enduring Freedom and Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom, respectively. His numerous commendations and awards, including the Bronze Star Medal, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal (1 OLC), the Meri-torious Service Medal and others, are a testa-ment to his steadfast courage, personal integ-rity, tireless work ethic and impeccable char-acter. His enduring legacy of service to our Nation truly is exceptional and sets a standard for all to follow. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I commend and congratu-late my fellow brother-in-arms, Master Ser-geant Russell Berkheimer, upon his retirement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10MY8.014 E10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE629 May 10, 2018 
and for his tireless service to the United States of America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE COURAGE OF MR. OSVALDO GHIO AND HIS FAMILY TO HELP RESCUE LT. WARREN ADERHOLT 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, we have often heard stories of American soldiers and airmen in World War II being rescued by he-roic men and women throughout Europe. Today I rise to honor just such a man and his family. On April 9, 1945, 2nd Lieutenant Warren Aderholt, a cousin on my father’s side, crashed his P–5l Mustang approximately 30 miles behind enemy lines in northern Italy near the town of Sarzana. The area was occu-pied by German forces and the local civilians had been warned not to assist the Allied forces. They were told that if they disobeyed this directive they risked being shot. Neverthe-less, at great personal risk to himself and his family, Mr. Osvaldo Ghio rescued Lieutenant Aderholt. Mr. Ghio and his family gave Lt. Aderholt food and clothes and hid him in a se-cret hideout that he had constructed for just this purpose. The hideout looked like a large stack of concrete blocks, but inside was a place for Aderholt to hide. Also, U.S. documents show that Mr. Ghio would personally remove mines from around the airport that the Germans had placed there. He would go through these mine fields at night so as not to be seen and would then give the mines to the Italian Partisans in their fight against the enemy. Had Mr. Ghio not removed these mines when Lt. Aderholt bellied his plane into the airport, he would have surely hit one as his plane skid in a crash landing. Once the news that an American pilot had crash landed nearby, the Germans lined up the local citizens, including the Ghio family, and interrogated them. One family even had their home burned by the Germans. However, the Ghios continued to hide Lt. Aderholt until the coast was clear. Once the German troops left the area they led Lt. Aderholt to safety by hiking miles through the mountains to the front where American troops were advancing. Members of Lt. Warren Aderholt’s family will be traveling to Sarzana, Italy this month to meet the surviving daughter of Mr. Ghio, Rosalba. I would also like to recognize the painstaking research of Claudio Mischi, an aeronautical archaeologist, who did extensive research on what exactly happened in April of 1945 at this location. Mr. Mischi has done this painstaking research out of his extreme grati-tude to the United States and the Allies that liberated his country. It should also be noted that Claudio Mischi is writing a biography on Lt. Aderholt’s career as well. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize the courage of the Ghio family and their sacrifice to help rescue Lt. Warren Aderholt back on April 9, 1945, as well as all those who offered acts of kindness and assistance to the United States Military during WorId War II. RECOGNIZING THE 2017 MVLE ANNUAL AWARD RECIPIENTS HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the 2017 MVLE Annual Award Recipi-ents. For 46 years, MVLE has provided employ-ment opportunities and support services to in-dividuals with disabilities, and thereby created an environment which has allowed its clients to live in dignity and as independently as pos-sible. MVLE has achieved this success by partnering with local businesses, as well as with government agencies and other not-for- profit organizations. MVLE, its staff, and dedi-cated volunteers and supporters can be proud that they are making a positive difference in someone’s life every day. Each year, MVLE honors individual partici-pants as well as business and community partners, who support MVLE’s mission. I am pleased to include in the R
ECORD the names of the 2017 award recipients: The President’s Award is being presented to individuals who have shown outstanding progress toward gaining independence and self-sufficiency through participation in employ-ment and community services. The 2017 President’s Award recipients are Ivana Ardinoto, Willie Anne Belleh, Brittany Davis, and Jeremy Dustin. The Chairman’s Award is being presented to an outstanding business partner who has demonstrated excellence in hiring practices, creating supportive work environments, and supporting the mission of MVLE. The 2017 Chairman’s Award recipient is the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s Office of Headquarter Operations. MVLE also presents four Community Awards for Government, Employment Partner, Advocacy, and Social Responsibility. The Government Champion Award is being presented to state Delegate Mark Sickles. MVLE presents this award to an outstanding partner who is committed to creating meaning-ful employment opportunities by building part-nerships across government and business sectors. The Employment Partner Award is being presented to Parkway Express. MVLE pre-sents this award to an outstanding partner who is committed to creating meaningful com-munity employment opportunities for individ-uals with disabilities and military veterans. The Advocacy Champion Award is being presented to Lee District Supervisor Jeff McKay. MVLE presents this award to an out-standing partner who advocates for community integration by fostering partnerships across sectors to create futures one person at a time. The Social Responsibility Award is being presented to First Virginia Community Bank. MVLE presents this award to an outstanding partner who supports MVLE through contribu-tions and volunteer work. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending MVLE for its success in help-ing individuals with disabilities achieve inde-pendence and in congratulating the 2017 MVLE Annual Award recipients. The efforts of MVLE, its supporters, community partners, and clients are an inspiration to all and are worthy of our highest praise. f 
SPORTS FOR ALL 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it’s that time of year again, ballparks are back in swing. You will be hard pressed not to find a little league game being played just about any day of the week. Most kids know the thrill of lacing up their cleats, wearing a uniform, and being part of a team. My community desired that ALL kids have this chance. I am proud to announce that the Second District of Texas has a new ballpark in town—Insperity Adapt-ive Sports Complex. Too often children with disabilities are forced to watch from the bench or sidelines. Playgrounds and sports fields are neither wheelchair nor walker friendly. Humble Inde-pendent School District and the YMCA partnered to provide children with disabilities and special needs a unique barrier free envi-ronment to play and participate in team sports. The facility exists because of companies like Insperity and folks like Joe Cleary, Mark Koenig, and Dr. Guy Sconzo; along with the executive directors, board members, private donors, and volunteers, who devoted count-less hours and money to improving the lives of children with disabilities. Insperity Adaptive Sports Complex is lo-cated near Summerwood between Groves El-ementary and West Lake Middle School. It sits on 5 acres. It features two YMCA Miracle League fields. Both fields are wheelchair ac-cessible with a synthetic surface that allows children of all abilities to take the field. The team dugouts accommodate wheelchairs and other special needs such as walkers. Kids of all abilities can now be a part of a team. They proudly wear their uniform and round the bases just like their friends. And they have fans. It is joy to witness parents getting to watch their disabled child be a part of a team for the very first time. The new adaptive sports facility also has an innovative playground with ramps, special swings, and sensory stations. It even has a basketball court with modified basketball hoops. It feels like any other ball park with concessions and a pavilion. It is important for those with disabilities to stay active. Adaptive sports and recreational programs bring health, wellness and social benefits to the special needs child. It is challenging but also healing. The unique partnership, between the school district and the YMCA, allows students in the district to use the facility during the school day and the YMCA uses the facility in the eve-nings and weekends. The community is wel-come to enjoy the open playground outside of school times. A win win for the Lake Houston area. So this weekend, grab your sunscreen, and head out to our newest park in town. Be ready to cheer on some remarkable Texans, who are happy to finally be a part of a team. And that’s just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10MY8.016 E10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D507 Thursday, May 10, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2599–S2632 Measures Introduced: Twenty-three bills and four resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2812–2834, and S. Res. 503–506.
                   Page S2623 
Measures Reported: S. 1867, to amend title 40, United States Code, to eliminate the sunset of certain provisions relating to information technology, to amend the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to extend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolida-tion Initiative. (S. Rept. No. 115–244) S. 2178, to require the Council of Inspectors Gen-eral on Integrity and Efficiency to make open rec-ommendations of Inspectors General publicly avail-able, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–245) S. 79, to provide for the establishment of a pilot program to identify security vulnerabilities of certain entities in the energy sector, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–246) S. 1059, to extend the authorization of the Ura-nium Mill Tailings Radiation Control Act of 1978 relating to the disposal site in Mesa County, Colo-rado. (S. Rept. No. 115–247) S. 1981, to amend the Natural Gas Act to expe-dite approval of exports of small volumes of natural gas. (S. Rept. No. 115–248)
                                Page S2622 
Measures Passed: Teachers of the United States: Senate agreed to S. Res. 505, recognizing the roles and contributions of the teachers of the United States in building and enhancing the civic, cultural, and economic well- being of the United States.
                           Pages S2630–31 
National Senior Fraud Awareness Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 506, supporting the designation of May 15, 2018, as ‘‘National Senior Fraud Awareness Day’’ to raise awareness about the increasing number of fraudulent schemes targeted at older people of the United States, to encourage the implementation of policies to prevent these scams from happening, and to improve protections from these scams for seniors.                                                                                             Page S2631 
Firefighter Cancer Registry Act: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 931, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S2631–32 
Portman (for Alexander) Amendment No. 2242, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters.
                Page S2631 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014, with respect to the Central African Re-public; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–37) 
                                                                                            Page S2620 
Carson Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit.
                                Page S2607 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 71 yeas to 24 nays (Vote No. 90), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2607 
Nalbandian Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit.
                       Page S2611 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 52 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 91), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2611 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10MY8.REC D10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD508 May 10, 2018 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, at 12 noon, on Tuesday, May 15, 2018; and that the con-firmation vote on the Nalbandian nomination occur immediately following disposition of the Carson nomination.
                                                                  Page S2611 
Scudder and St. Eve Nominations—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the cloture motions on the nominations of Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, and Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, be withdrawn; and that Senate vote on confirmation of the nomina-tions in the order listed at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, May 14, 2018.
                                                            Page S2611 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the Scudder nomination at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, May 14, 2018; and that following disposi-tion of the St. Eve nomination, Senate resume con-sideration of the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit.
                                              Page S2632 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 49 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. EX. 89), Mi-chael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit.
     Page S2600–07 
Patrick Hovakimian, of California, to be a Mem-ber of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission of the United States for a term expiring September 30, 2020. Gregory Allyn Forest, of North Carolina, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of North Carolina for the term of four years. Bradley A. Maxwell, of Illinois, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Illinois for the term of four years.
                        Page S2614, S2632 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Mindy Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Food Safety. Randy W. Berry, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal. Kyle McCarter, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Kenya. Tibor Peter Nagy, Jr., of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (African Affairs). Gordon D. Sondland, of Washington, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the European Union, with the rank and status of Ambas-sador. 3 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. A routine list in the Foreign Service.        Page S2632 
Nominations Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nominations: Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be Solicitor of the Department of the Interior, which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2018. Adam Lerrick, of Wyoming, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury, which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2018.
                          Page S2632 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2620 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S2620–21 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2621 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S2621–22 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2623–25 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2625–29 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2614–20 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2629–30 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2630 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—91)
                                                  Pages S2607, S2611 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 4:51 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, May 14, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2632.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of the Interior, after receiv-ing testimony from Ryan Zinke, Secretary of the In-terior. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10MY8.REC D10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D509 May 10, 2018 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies con-cluded a hearing to examine proposed budget esti-mates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Commerce, after receiving testimony from Wilbur Ross, Secretary of Commerce. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies concluded a hear-ing to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Health and Human Services, after receiving testi-mony from Alex M. Azar II, Secretary of Health and Human Services. NOMINATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Lisa Porter, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, James N. Stewart, of North Carolina, to be an Assistant Secretary, James H. Anderson, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Gregory J. Slavonic, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, who was introduced by Senator Lankford, all of the Department of Defense, and Charles P. Verdon, of California, to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs, National Nuclear Security Administration, Department of Energy, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. MODERNIZING DEVELOPMENT FINANCE Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine modernizing development fi-nance, including S. 2463, to establish the United States International Development Finance Corpora-tion, after receiving testimony from Ray W. Washburne, Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion, Daniel F. Runde, Center for Strategic and International Studies, and George M. Ingram, Brook-ings Institution, all of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S.2559, to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty; and The nominations of Mark Jeremy Bennett, of Ha-waii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Nancy E. Brasel, and Eric C. Tostrud, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota, Robert R. Summerhays, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Louisiana, and Cheryl A. Lydon, to be United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina, Sonya K. Chavez, to be United States Mar-shal for the District of New Mexico, Scott E. Kracl, to be United States Marshal for the District of Ne-braska, and J. C. Raffety, to be United States Mar-shal for the Northern District of West Virginia, all of the Department of Justice. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 28 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5745–5772; and 6 resolutions, H.J. Res. 134; and H. Res. 886–890 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H3928–29 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3930–31 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1026, to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–667); and H.R. 3746, to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to clarify the authority of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection with re-spect to persons regulated by a State insurance regu-lator, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–668).                                                                                             Page H3928 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by yea-and-nay vote of 207 yeas to 179 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 180.
                                                                          Pages H3911–12 
Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act: The House passed H.R. 3053, to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, by a recorded vote of 340 ayes to 72 noes, Roll No. 179.
            Pages H3890–H3911 
Pursuant to the Rule, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10MY8.REC D10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD510 May 10, 2018 
Committee Print 115–69, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill.
                                                             Pages H3901–06 
Agreed to: Keating amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–665) that requires the Department of Energy to publish a financial statements summary in its annual Nuclear Waste Fund financial statement audit; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3906–07 
Schneider amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–665) that requires a report on existing resources across the federal government that could assist com-munities struggling with the economic impact of a nuclear plant closure and housing spent nuclear fuel and assist communities in the decommissioning process with developing economic adjustment plans. 
                                                                                    Pages H3907–08 
Rejected: Titus amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 115–665) that sought to strike the language of H.R. 3053 and insert language establishing a consent- based siting process for determining a permanent nuclear waste repository (by a recorded vote of 80 ayes to 332 noes, Roll No. 178).
              Pages H3908–10 
H. Res. 879, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3053) was agreed to yesterday, May 9th. Supporting robust relations with the State of Israel bilaterally and in multilateral fora upon seventy years of statehood: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Res. 835, supporting robust relations with the State of Israel bilaterally and in multilateral fora upon seventy years of statehood, as amended by Representative Royce.
                                                                      Pages H3912–13 
Commission on International Religious Free-dom—Reappointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s reappointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Commission on International Religious Freedom for a term effective May 14, 2018, and ending May 14, 2020: Dr. Tenzin Dorjee of Fullerton, California.
          Page H3913 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11 a.m. tomorrow, May 11th and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, May 15th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                             Page H3920 
Permission to File Report: Agreed by unanimous consent that the Committee on Appropriations have until 6 p.m. on Friday, May 11, 2018 to file privi-leged reports to accompany measures making appro-priations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019.
                                                                               Page H3920 Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to the Cen-tral African Republic that was declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014 is to continue in ef-fect beyond May 12, 2018—referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–123).
                                                  Page H3920 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3910, H3910–11, H3911–12. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:49 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
AMERICAN INDIAN/ALASKA NATIVE PUBLIC WITNESSES Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian/Alaska Native Public Witnesses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. AMERICAN INDIAN/ALASKA NATIVE PUBLIC WITNESSES Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian/Alaska Native Public Witnesses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee con-cluded a markup on H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. H.R. 5515 was ordered reported, as amended. FY19 BUDGET: MEMBERS’ DAY Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘FY19 Budget: Members’ Day’’. Testi-mony was heard from Representative Kildee. EXAMINING THE STATE OF ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION INFRASTRUCTURE: INVESTMENT, PLANNING, CONSTRUCTION, AND ALTERNATIVES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the State of Electric Transmission Infrastructure: Investment, Planning, Construction, and Alternatives’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10MY8.REC D10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D511 May 10, 2018 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D496) 
S. 447, to require reporting on acts of certain for-eign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues. Signed on May 9, 2018. (Public Law 115–171) COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, MAY 11, 2018 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10MY8.REC D10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD512 May 10, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, May 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nominations of Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, and Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, and vote on confirma-tion of the nominations in the order listed at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11 a.m., Friday, May 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 11 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E629 Banks, Jim, Ind., E623 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E621 Capuano, Michael E., Mass., E626 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E621, E621, E622, E623, E624, E625, E626, E626, E628, E629 Faso, John J., N.Y., E623 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E623 Hanabusa, Colleen, Hawaii, E622 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E624 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E623 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E626 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E628 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E627 Perry, Scott, Pa., E628 Poe, Ted, Tex., E624, E627, E629 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E621 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E622, E627 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E625 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10MY8.REC D10MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST