Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9513 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2018 No. 180 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Deputy Parliamentarian, Jason Smith, offered the following prayer: God, we thank You for this day and for all the Members of the House that are here, both new and current Mem-bers-elect. We pray that they will all be wise in all of their duties on this day and for the rest of the Congress and the new Congress. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 60TH ANNI-VERSARY OF CHRISTOPHER CO-LUMBUS HIGH SCHOOL (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to commemorate the 60th anniversary of one of our top edu-cational institutions in south Florida: Christopher Columbus High School. Since its inception in 1958, Chris-topher Columbus has graduated bright and talented young men who have made lasting contributions to our com-munity and our country. Through supe-rior academics, dedicated staff, and a strong commitment to its students, it is no surprise that Christopher Colum-bus has been awarded numerous acco-lades, such as ranking in the top 50 Catholic schools in the Nation. As you might expect, an institution with a reputation like this one is fortu-nate to have some world-class alumni. Christopher Columbus graduates in-clude: Mayor Carlos Gimenez of Miami- Dade County; members of the Florida Supreme Court and State legislature; and even Pedro Jose Greer, a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Mr. Speaker, it is institutions like Christopher Columbus High School that define the pinnacle of education for young men in our country, and I congratulate the school for this fan-tastic milestone. I thank Christopher Columbus for all that it has done for our beloved south Florida community, and here is to the next 60 years. Go Explorers. f 
ATTORNEY GENERAL SESSIONS FIRING (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, time and time again, President Trump has sought to undermine the independence of the Justice Department and its in-vestigation into the Russian election interference led by Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The President’s recent decision to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions is just the most recent exam-ple. The President’s effort to put the Mueller investigation under the super-vision of an acting attorney general, Matthew Whitaker, with his long and vocal history of bias against this very investigation, is simply unacceptable. The Mueller team must be allowed to finish its work without interference. This is more than just knowing what happened in 2016. It is imperative that we learn from the past to protect our Nation from future threats. I urge the acting attorney general to do the right thing: recuse himself and return supervision of the investigation to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. I ask my colleagues in Congress to exercise our responsibility in uphold-ing the rule of law and pass legislation that would protect the special counsel from a politically motivated firing. I await the findings of the special coun-sel and will follow the facts wherever they lead. f 
REMEMBERING OUR VETERANS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, the world rec-ognized the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I, which ended on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month in 1918. As a 31-year veteran, son of a Flying Tiger, and father of four sons who have served in the military overseas, I have a personal appreciation for service-members and families. South Carolina has a long history of patriotic military service, including in World War I. Our State is grateful that eight South Carolinians received the Congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.000 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9514 November 14, 2018 
Medal of Honor, which was bestowed upon only 78 veterans for the Nation during the war. I appreciate representing Fort Jack-son, which was created in 1917 as the United States entered the Great War. Each time I meet our soldiers, I am so impressed by their professionalism of the troops and their leadership. Let us never forget the sacrifices to preserve America while liberating oc-cupied allies. Freedom is not free. I thank VA representatives Lee Becker and Brendon Gehrke for the commemorative pin. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
YEMEN RULE (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, last night, House Republicans on the Rules Committee voted to undermine our de-mocracy by blocking the American people and Members of Congress from having a debate and the ability to vote on a bill that would end U.S. support for Saudi Arabia’s genocidal war in Yemen: a war that has created the world’s worst humanitarian disaster in generations, leaving 22 million people in dire need of humanitarian aid, tens of thousands of civilians killed, and many more vulnerable to mass starva-tion, famine, and cholera outbreaks. Don’t be fooled. If Congress and this administration truly were concerned about the plight of the Yemeni people and peace, all U.S. support for Saudi Arabia’s atrocities would end now. Instead, last night, on the Rules Committee, Republicans voted to shut down debate to prevent a vote that would end U.S. support for Saudi Ara-bia in Yemen. Later today, Congress has the oppor-tunity to do the right thing. We are faced with a choice. I urge my colleagues to vote no on House Resolution 1142 so that Congress can fulfill our constitutional role, de-bate, and vote on this critical issue. It is long overdue that we end U.S. com-plicity in Saudi Arabia’s atrocities. We must end all U.S. support for Saudi Arabia’s genocidal war in Yemen now. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize November as National Adoption Month. During this month, we celebrate and reflect on the life-changing act of adop-tion. Many parents and families across America open up their homes, and their hearts, to children in search of a stable support system; to children in search of a forever home. Unfortu-nately, there are so many children in the foster care system who are still waiting to find a permanent home. In 2017, more than 442,000 children and teenage youth were in U.S. foster care. More than 59,000 of these children were adopted through the system, and we must always strive to help more children find a home. All children deserve a permanent family that can provide them with love, support, and encouragement so they can reach their full potential in life. Mr. Speaker, during National Adop-tion Month, we recognize the uncondi-tional love and support adoptive par-ents provide to their children, and we hope that all children will soon be wel-comed into a loving family because they deserve no less. f 
DEMOCRATS ARE COMMITTED TO WORK FOR AMERICAN FAMILIES ON DAY ONE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, Michiganders went to the polls and elected a new Democratic majority. Because of this, I have the privilege of welcoming four new Michigan Demo-cratic Members of Congress, folks who are committed to passing meaningful policies that will help everyday Ameri-cans. This means reducing the cost of healthcare. Prescription drug prices are too high. No one should have to choose between filling a prescription and feeding their family. These new Members are ready to work to protect Social Security and Medicare from cuts that Republicans have been proposing. We are pleased that we are going to be able to have these new allies in this fight. My own hometown of Flint knows firsthand the price of failing to invest in infrastructure. It is important that this Democratic majority advance a broad and meaningful infrastructure bill to fix our broken roads and bridges, and to repair our damaged water sys-tems. It is past time that we took on these issues. I am anxious to welcome these new Members of Congress who are com-mitted to moving this bold agenda for-ward. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR BRENT TAYLOR (Mr. CURTIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, as we rec-ognize Veterans Day this week, I would like to pay tribute to the life and sac-rifice of Major Brent Taylor. Major Taylor and I had the great privilege of serving together as mayors of each of our hometowns in Utah. Brent first enlisted after the ter-rorist attacks on September 11 and quickly became a major in the Na-tional Guard. He served in Afghanistan and twice in Iraq before returning to Afghanistan for what would become his fourth and final tour. On November 3, Major Taylor was tragically killed in an insider attack by one of those he was trying to help. As our communities, State, and Na-tion mourn this tragic loss, his dear wife, Jennie, reminded us why so many choose to serve this great country. In her words: The price of freedom surely feels incredibly high to all those of us who know and love our individual soldier. But the value of freedom is immeasurable to all who know and love America, and all that she represents. 
Let us never forget those who have given their lives, their families, and their futures for our precious freedoms. May God bless the Taylor family and others who grieve, and may God bless America. 
f 
HONORING VETERANS DAY (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, every time I go home, the people of Kansas never cease to inspire me. This Vet-erans Day, it was my hometown of Great Bend and my home county of Barton County who inspired me. On Veterans Day, not only did we commemorate the 100th anniversary of the armistice ending World War I, but we also dedicated a new veterans me-morial and veterans cemetery. I was so proud to be part of this dedication ceremony and join the 300 Kansans who braved snow and sleet in freezing cold to honor our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be part of such a community which holds vet-erans in such high esteem. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1546 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ) at 3 o’clock and 46 minutes p.m. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6784, MANAGE OUR WOLVES ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 19, 2018, THROUGH NOVEMBER 26, 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1142 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.002 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9515 November 14, 2018 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1142 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 6784) to provide for re-moval of the gray wolf in the contiguous 48 States from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife published under the En-dangered Species Act of 1973. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources; and (2) one motion to recommit. S
EC. 2. On any legislative day during the period from November 19, 2018, through No-vember 26, 2018— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 4. The provisions of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546) shall not apply to House Concurrent Resolution 138. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, House Resolution 1142, providing for further consideration of H.R. 6784, the Manage our Wolves Act. The rule provides for consideration of the legislation under a closed rule. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have cointroduced the underlying legisla-tion considered in this rule today, H.R. 6784, the Manage our Wolves Act, to re-turn management of the gray wolf spe-cies to the States. The States are best equipped to provide more effective and accountable management that re-sponds to the needs of the ecosystem, other species, as well as local commu-nities. On June 13, 2013, under the Obama ad-ministration, the Department of the Interior and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service published in the Federal Reg-ister a proposed rule that would have removed the gray wolf from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife. This determination was made after Fish and Wildlife evaluated the classi-fication status of gray wolves cur-rently listed in the contiguous United States under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 and found the ‘‘best avail-able scientific and commercial infor-mation indicates that the currently listed entity is not a valid species under the act.’’ Mr. Speaker, the purpose of the En-dangered Species Act is to recover spe-cies to the point where they are no longer considered endangered or threatened. The gray wolf is currently found in nearly 50 countries around the world and has been placed in the classi-fication of least concern for risk of ex-tinction by the Species Survival Com-mission of the International Union for Conservation of Nature. Some of my colleagues have asked, well, if Fish and Wildlife has proposed to delist the species, why haven’t they done so? That is a completely fair and reason-able question. Unfortunately, it is due to the fringe environmentalist efforts that any action from moving forward under the law has been stalled. So long as the courts are abused to prevent the proper adjudication of the law, we will not see progress made. It is because of this exploitation of the law that communities like those in central Washington suffer the con-sequences. Mr. Speaker, in my home State, the great State of Washington, the gray wolf is not listed in just the eastern third of the State, forcing the U.S. Fish and Wildlife and the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife to rely on an arbitrary political boundary when delineating and managing a spe-cies. I am sorry to share with you, Mr. Speaker, that as it turns out, surpris-ingly, wolves don’t know boundaries or borders. The arbitrary nature of this current status of the law is broken, and it is impairing the ability of Fish and Wild-life managers on the ground to prop-erly manage the species, as well as the ecosystem, including the harm it poses on other indigenous species. Mr. Speaker, this is why Congress, as a coequal branch, must act. This legis-lation directs the U.S. Department of the Interior to follow through with the proposed rule and delist the gray wolf from the list of endangered species. We have a responsibility to protect the incredibly diverse species both in Washington State and across this coun-try. These efforts to protect our wild-life species must be based on sound science and an open, transparent proc-ess. Unfortunately, that is far from the case when it comes to the process dic-tating endangered species policies, par-ticularly in this case of the gray wolf. For years now, Washington’s Depart-ment of Fish and Wildlife has asked the Federal Government to delist the gray wolf and provide relief from the bur-densome, broken process dictating spe-cies management. I have received let-ters from the director of the Wash-ington State Department of Fish and Wildlife, one in 2015 and one earlier this year. In them, the letters read: ‘‘Dear Congressman NEWHOUSE , The Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife appreciates your continued as-sistance to encourage the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to complete the delisting of the gray wolf and remove it from Federal protection under the En-dangered Species List.’’ It continues: ‘‘In 2008, the first wolf pack was documented in Washington State. Today, we have 22 known packs. During this time, the State’s wolf pop-ulation has increased by an average of more than 30 percent per year. . . . As demonstrated with the current rate of recovery, the Department is well suited to facilitate the recovery and manage-ment of wolves across the State. . . . Under the current Federal designation and management, we cannot fully im-plement our plan in the western two- thirds of the State. To ensure ongoing success in wolf recovery, the Federal listing needs to keep pace with the on- the-ground recovery status and allow the State to fully implement its man-agement plan. Therefore, I support your efforts to advance the delisting of wolves and return management to the State.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the two letters I referenced. 
DEPARTMENT OF FISH AND WILDLIFE , Olympia, WA, April 27, 2015. Hon. D
ANNEWHOUSE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSMAN NEWHOUSE : The Wash- ington Department of Fish and Wildlife (De-partment) would appreciate your assistance to encourage the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice (USFWS) to complete the delisting of the gray wolf (Canis lupus) and remove it from federal protections under the Endangered Species Act (ESA). As you may know, gray wolves in the western two-thirds of Wash-ington State remain federally classified as ‘‘endangered’’ and are under federal manage-ment. The original delisting proposal was pub-lished on June 13, 2013, and then on March 27, 2014, the USFWS closed the second round of public comments. The Department sub-mitted letters of support for delisting in De-cember 2013 and March 2014. While we have been working closely with the USFWS at the state, regional and headquarter levels to en-sure we are meeting our shared conservation and recovery objectives, we are concerned with the lack of progress on federal delisting. Washington has a strong Wolf Conserva-tion and Management Plan that has received broad support, and we are committed to maintaining a viable wolf population in Washington. The Department is well posi-tioned to facilitate the recovery and man-agement of wolves across the state. Protection under Washington State Laws— The Department has state-specific authority (RCW 77.12.020 and 77.15.120) to designate and protect species at risk of extinction and has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.005 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9516 November 14, 2018 
classified wolves as endangered since 1980, an action akin to federal protection granted under ESA). Wolves will remain protected until their population reaches the levels es-tablished in the state recovery plan. The Department is equipped for wolf con-servation and management—In 2013, the Washington State Legislature acted to pro-vide $1.6 million per biennium for wolf man-agement from a permanent increase in the cost of personalized license plates. Since then, the Department has hired two perma-nent wolf biologists and has deployed 11 con-flict specialists across the state to address wildlife conflict issues. Wolves are recovering in Washington State—In 2008, the first wolf pack was docu-mented in Washington State. Today we have 16 known packs. During this time our wolf population has increased by an average of more than 30 percent per year. At current rates, we expect to meet our recovery objects within six years. We want to have consistent management of wolves across the state of Washington. For us, successful wolf recovery means that we have a sustainable wolf popu-lation distributed throughout the state, the public accepts the presence of wolves on the landscape, and Washington citizens are con-fident in the Department’s wolf manage-ment. The Washington wolf management plan es-tablishes strong expectations that livestock operators will use preventive strategies to avoid wolf-livestock conflict. But sometimes we may need to remove wolves that become habituated to livestock as a food source. Under the current federal designation and management, we cannot implement our plan in the western two-thirds of the state. There-fore, I ask you for any help you can provide to advance the federal proposal to delist wolves. Thank you for considering this request. The Department is available to assist you with any information you may need. Sincerely, J
AMES UNSWORTH , Ph.D., Director. 
DEPARTMENT OF FISH AND WILDLIFE , Olympia, WA, May 15, 2018. Hon. D
ANNEWHOUSE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSMAN NEWHOUSE : The Wash- ington Department of Fish and Wildlife (De-partment) appreciates your continued assist-ance to encourage the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) to complete the delisting of the gray wolf (Canis lupus) and remove it from federal protection under the Endan-gered Species Act (ESA). As you may know, gray wolves in the western two-thirds of Washington State are currently classified as ‘‘endangered’’ and are under federal manage-ment. The USFWS published the original delisting proposal on June 13, 2013, and then on March 27, 2014, the USFWS closed the sec-ond round of public comments. The Depart-ment submitted letters of support for delisting in December 2013 and March 2014. To date, the USFWS has not released a deci-sion notice on the federal status of gray wolves and we remain concerned with the lack of progress towards federal delisting. Washington has a strong Wolf Conserva-tion and Management Plan that has received broad support, and we are committed to maintaining a viable wolf population in Washington. As demonstrated with the cur-rent rate of recovery, the Department is well suited to facilitate the recovery and manage-ment of wolves across the state. Protection under Washington State Laws— The Department has state-specific authority (RCW 77.12.020 and 77.15.120) to designate and protect species at risk of extinction and has classified wolves as endangered since 1980, an action akin to federal protection granted under ESA. Wolves will remain protected until their population reaches the levels es-tablished in the state recovery plan. The Department is equipped for wolf con-servation and management—Since 2013, the Washington State Legislature has provided approximately $1.5 million per biennium for wolf management from a permanent increase in the cost of personalized license plates. The Department uses that funding, in addition with other sources, to support 23 positions deployed across the state that address wolf conflict as well as other wildlife conflict issues. Wolves are recovering in Washington State—In 2008, the first wolf pack was docu-mented in Washington State. Today we have 22 known packs. During this time, the state’s wolf population has increased by an average of more than 30 percent per year. We want to have consistent management of wolves across the state of Washington. For us, suc-cessful wolf recovery means that we have a sustainable wolf population distributed throughout the state, the public accepts the presence of wolves on the landscape, and Washington citizens are confident in the De-partment’s wolf management. The Washington wolf management plan es-tablishes strong expectations that livestock operators will use preventive strategies to avoid wolf-livestock conflict. But sometimes we may need to remove wolves that become habituated to livestock as a food source. Under the current federal designation and management, we cannot fully implement our plan in the western two-thirds of the state and the only means available for the USFWS to address wolf-livestock conflicts in the ge-ographic area under the federal endangered designation is for the USFWS to attempt to relocate livestock-killing wolves. To ensure ongoing success in wolf recov-ery, the federal listing needs to keep pace with the on-the ground recovery status and allow the state to fully implement its man-agement plan. Therefore, I support your ef-forts to advance the delisting of wolves and return management to the state. Thank you for considering this request. The Department is available to assist you with any information you may need. Sincerely, J
OESTOHR , Director. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. So, Mr. Speaker, to close, I would just like to say that, as a farmer and a lifelong resident of cen-tral Washington State, I consider my-self a conservationist and a steward of our rich natural heritage, and that in-cludes our incredible wildlife. State governments are fully qualified to responsibly manage gray wolf popu-lations and are better able to meet the needs of local communities, ranchers, livestock, wildlife populations, and ecosystems. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support the rule and the un-derlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, we are here today considering our first rule following a long district work period. During that time, we had a big na-tional debate about the direction of our country. According to exit polling, the top issue for voters was healthcare and, in particular, protecting coverage from preexisting conditions. But that is not what the bill before us addresses. Nor does it involve immi-gration, another top issue for voters, or strengthening the economy or com-bating gun violence. All of these are what our constituents just said was im-portant to them. But instead of doing anything on any of that, we are here today considering a bill to undermine endangered species protections. Are you kidding me? And get this: Also, last night in the Rules Committee, the majority placed a provision in the rule that would re-move the privileged status of Rep-resentative K
HANNA ’s War Powers Res-olution, H. Con. Res. 138. This resolu-tion states that Congress never author-ized the United States’ support of Saudi-led forces in Yemen and would direct the President of the United States to end his support. This measure is a privileged resolu-tion under the terms of the War Powers Resolution, which provides that resolu-tions concerning the involvement of the U.S. military in armed conflict have a direct path to the floor to be de-bated and to be voted on. The rules provide this privileged sta-tus because such questions are among the most important that the people’s House can debate. Such privileged reso-lutions or a negotiated substitute have come before the House under Repub-lican and Democratic majorities. Yet, with this rule before us today, Republicans have taken the unprece-dented step of striking this privilege, preventing us from doing our constitu-tional duty and foreclosing the only available mechanism to compel an up or down vote in Congress regarding our military involvement in the Yemen war. As of this morning, this bill, intro-duced by Congressman K
HANNA , has over 80 bipartisan cosponsors, includ-ing Democratic Whip H
OYER and Rank-ing Members S
MITH, LOWEY , ENGEL , and myself. The U.S.-Saudi military campaign in Yemen has triggered the world’s worst humanitarian crisis, prompting the late Saudi dissident Jamal Khashoggi to call for an end to the war. Published just weeks before his murder, Khashoggi’s Washington Post column was headlined, ‘‘Saudi Arabia’s crown prince must restore dignity to his country by ending Yemen’s cruel war.’’ It is unconscionable for Republican leadership to take this unprecedented action to strip Members of their right to bring such measures to the floor for debate. Mr. Speaker, what is the majority afraid of? We should be debating this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.003 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9517 November 14, 2018 
Instead, the Republican majority con-tinues to turn a deaf ear to this and many other issues. We are 11 days away from our govern-ment running out of funding. Five ap-propriations bills have been signed into law so far. They have funded 75 percent of the government, but there is more work that we need to do. We should be continuing that mo-mentum and getting the job done, keeping the lights on, not wasting time considering a bill to attack an endan-gered species. Or how about reauthorizing the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program that expires at the end of this month or put-ting a comprehensive reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act on the House floor that is set to expire De-cember 7, not to mention the need to reauthorize the farm bill that expired back on October 1. b1600 Our country’s farmers are depending upon this Congress to put into place a new bill that provides them with cer-tainty, especially in light of the trade war that President Trump has started; yet the majority has, instead, prioritized a bill that completely ig-nores all the important issues that we face in this country. The American people have clearly had enough. They demanded a new di-rection and a new Congress that actu-ally addresses what they care most about, and they demanded an end to this closed process. This rule marks the 102nd closed rule of this Congress. Now, let me repeat that: the 102nd closed rule. Mr. Speaker, that is a stag-gering number. Now, I am not suggesting that every rule needs to be an open one or that there is never a time for a closed rule, but there is never a time for more than 100 closed rules. There is no justifica-tion for that at all. Since the election, I heard my friends on the other side of the aisle express a hope that the next Congress is a more accommodating one. That is ironic since the Republicans have voted in lockstep for one closed rule after an-other, after another, after another. But to them, I ask: Why wait? A Democratic majority will certainly be better than the current one. But Re-publicans don’t have to wait until Jan-uary. They could demand a more open process here today by voting against this closed rule. This is your chance to prove that your newfound calls for openness are above more than politics. Vote against this record-breaking closed rule. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, just a couple of points in response to my good friend from the State of Massachusetts. Certainly, there are a lot of important issues in front of us and things that we should and will be addressing. But I have to say, as a representative of central Washington who represents commu-nities that deal with wolf populations on a daily basis, I don’t think it is fair or proper, even, for my good friend to minimize or diminish the importance of the issue that we have in front of us today. So with all due respect, the im-portance of managing wolves in our country deserves just as much atten-tion as many of the other issues that my good friend from Massachusetts ref-erenced. Also, as relates to the Khanna resolu-tion, just as you said, in just a few short weeks, your party will assume the majority. You will have the oppor-tunity to hold the hearings and the markups and to take the votes of the all-important regular order that you continually talk about. I am looking forward to that. But forcing this type of vote on Members in the remainder of this Congress, in my view, is unneces-sary at this time. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), my good friend, the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Washington State for bringing this rule to the floor and addressing this issue. It is literally one of great importance in my district and in the West. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the underlying bill, the Manage our Wolves Act, because we need to clarify the management of wolves in Oregon and put us on a path to follow the lo-cally State-written Oregon wolf plan. For years, Mr. Speaker, ranchers across my district have watched as wolf packs have grown. They harass cattle herds and they kill livestock and they are brutal. When you lose a heifer, you don’t just lose one cow. You have lost 10 years’ worth of calves that will never be born and that will never be able to be sold. Those that aren’t killed are harassed, often losing weight and value. They are chased all over by the wolf packs. The cattle and sheep these ranchers raise are their livelihoods. Every day— sun, rain, or snow—they raise and care for these animals. When a first-time mom is struggling to feed a new calf, the rancher nurtures them, sometimes even literally bring-ing them into their own home next to the wood stove to warm them up and keep the calf alive in the winter. That care makes it all the harder to come upon a calf that has been torn apart by wolves. If you are of young age, or whatever, I would just give you a fair warning that this is a graphic picture of what happens when a wolf gets ahold of a calf. A rancher wrote me earlier this year that three of her calves were attacked, and she described them as ‘‘wild-eyed with terror after being mutilated by wolves . . .’’—just like this one you see here from a calf that was killed by wolves in Wallowa County, ripped apart. This rancher went on to write, ‘‘the rush of emotions one feels when you see an animal you have nurtured cry-ing for help, panic in their eyes, searching for escape,’’ she said no one wants to see that and described it as watching your worst horror movie in slow motion. Now, the ranchers have done a lot in this effort. They have watched as at-tacks continue, though, despite their efforts to implement largely ineffec-tive, nonlethal control techniques they were asked to do. Meanwhile, the issue at the heart of this matter is that there are arbitrary lines on a map that created a jurisdictional mess in my State of Oregon where wolves in east-ern Oregon are managed by the State, and right across this highway they are managed by the Federal Government. Today’s legislation that we will con-sider fixes that by ensuring that all wolves in Oregon are removed from the Federal endangered species list. This would then return the management to the State and allow wolves, like other wildlife, to be managed under collabo-ratively developed Oregon law. There are still challenges with State management; there is no doubt about that. We have seen times when the Or-egon Fish and Wildlife Service has been slow to take action and implement the hard-fought agreements in the wolf plan to help prevent predation and con-trol the wolf packs. The State needs to step up and up-hold these agreements, but those are issues we can work out as Oregonians. The last thing we need, however, is the Federal Government trying to micro-manage wolves from thousands of miles away. This legislation that, hopefully, we are able to bring up because of this rule will get the Federal Government out of the way, will simplify the jurisdiction, and will place all wolves in Oregon under the State management plan. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting the rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Washington State, my good friend, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , seemed to imply that it would be an inconvenience for us to have the House consider a measure on Yemen, and I am a little bit puzzled by that. The reason why Representative K
HANNA took the step is because, for months, while this terrible carnage has unfolded in Yemen, this House has done nothing. We just learned that the Saudi Gov-ernment was directly involved in the killing of a Washington Post journalist and, again, nothing—nothing at all. The Republicans took the unprece-dented step of basically derailing this privileged resolution. It is unprece-dented. Over 100,000 Yemeni children have al-ready perished because of war-triggered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.007 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9518 November 14, 2018 
hunger and disease over the past 2 years. Why is the Republican leader-ship stripping us of the right to debate? According to the U.N., 14 million peo-ple in Yemen—half the population— face an imminent and catastrophic famine not seen in 100 years if this war is not ended. Why is the Republican leadership stripping our right to debate? I don’t understand what they are afraid of. It is not like they have a lot to do. We are going to be talking about gray wolves today, and we are not voting on this until Friday. They have nothing going on. Certainly, we should have time to debate this important humanitarian issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ). Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member M
CGOVERN and Rep-resentative K
HANNA for all they have done to help lead the efforts to end the United States’ unauthorized war in Yemen. Congress’ sole responsibility over of-fensive use of force is outlined in Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the Constitution: ‘‘Congress shall have power to . . . de-clare war.’’ James Madison argued that this power ‘‘is fully and exclusively vested in the legislature.’’ Yet, today, House Republicans are attempting to avoid their responsibilities by sneaking unrelated language into this rule which will prohibit consideration of a War Powers Resolution pertaining to the U.S.-Saudi war in Yemen. To be clear, they took a bill about re-moving gray wolves from the endan-gered species list in North America and included a provision prohibiting even just the discussion of war in Yemen. Now, there are rare Arabian wolves native to Yemen—about 1,000 to 2,000— roaming in the Middle East. Canis lupus arabs is a subspecies of gray wolf. But this is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. This is the deprivileging of H. Con. Res. 138, which is just another abdication of our responsibilities as Members of Con-gress. We are literally elected to make deci-sions about war and peace, and we are failing to do the most basic function of our job: to uphold the Constitution. We should at least have the courage to make the decisions about war and about conflicts in which we are entan-gling our constituents who serve in the military. Today, as Mr. M
CGOVERN said, Yemen is the worst humanitarian crisis on the planet, with the U.N. saying that 14 million people—half the population of Yemen—are either experiencing full- blown famine at the risk of death by starvation as soon as the end of the year. Since 2015, U.S. forces have been backing the Saudi war by assisting in targeting, logistical support, and re-fueling deadly Saudi airstrikes in a war that has nothing to do with fighting al- Qaida. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Wisconsin. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, by re-asserting Congress’ authority over war, we can end active U.S. participation in a Saudi-led conflict in which the Saudis are imposing a blockade to lit-erally starve millions of Yemenis to death. If the U.S. ends its involvement, Saudi leader Mohammed bin Salman will be forced to the negotiating table to end his brutal bombing campaign and blockade on food. Even the Senate isn’t afraid to take this up. In March, under Leader M
ITCH M
CCONNELL , the Senate debated and voted on the unconstitutional war in Yemen: 44 Senators voted for the meas-ure. A bipartisan group led that. Unfortunately, rather than upholding our founding values, the leadership in this House has chosen to quietly insert a measure to block the House from de-bating the war. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this cynical tactic. Whether you agree or not about ending the illegal U.S.-Saudi war, vote against this rule so you can allow us to do our jobs and vote to do what we swore to uphold: our sole authority to debate and vote on war. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, nobody is afraid to de-bate anything here on the House floor. The fact is, though, that the U.S. is no longer providing the very support that the Khanna resolution seeks to cut off, making this action unnecessary. It is based on a factually faulty premise: We are not involved in hos-tilities in Yemen, so the War Powers Act should not apply. As a result, even if this resolution passed both Cham-bers, DOD would not need to alter any of its activities. Like I said, again, in a few short weeks, the Democrats will assume the majority. They will be able to hold all the hearings and markups and votes that they want on this matter, as it should be. Forcing this type of vote now, in the remainder of this Congress, in my humble opinion, is simply unnec-essary. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ), my good friend. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the time. Mr. Speaker, like many Montanans, I have a deep respect for our environ-ment. I support protecting our rich and diverse wildlife and believe we can sup-port multiple uses of land while con-serving species. Unfortunately, we have seen environmental groups use misin-formation and litigation to keep spe-cies listed that have already recovered. In 2013, the Obama administration’s Fish and Wildlife Service evaluated the gray wolf populations across the United States. It found that the species no longer warranted protection under the Endangered Species Act. Rather than celebrating the recov-ery, serial litigants and extremists filed lawsuits to stop the process. Mon-tana has been fortunate. Through Fed-eral legislation, the wolf has been delisted in Montana since 2011. Even without ESA protection, the species has continued to recover to a point nearing overpopulation. While the focus of this legislation is wolves, a similar issue is playing out in Montana over the grizzly bear in the greater Yellowstone ecosystem. Just last year, the grizzly bear was delisted there. I celebrate the recovery of the species, but it had recovered more than a decade ago, according to scientists who have spent their lives studying the grizzly. b1615 Using sound science and reliable data, they found the ecosystem reached maximum carrying capacity of the grizzly bear 16 years ago, but serial litigants have repeatedly thwarted the delisting efforts of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The unnecessary delay in delisting species has created unnecessary stress on the bears and impacted our commu-nities. The overpopulation of the griz-zly pushes them into our communities and increases the opportunities for at-tacks. We must address the flaws in the En-dangered Species Act to ensure species are delisted when they have recovered, and to prevent the law from being used as a bludgeoning tool for special inter-est groups to block critical projects. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 6784 and the rule that we are considering, the Manage Our Wolves Act, and I urge passage of the bill. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when my Republican friends want to dedicate the next 3 days to talking about gray wolves, peo-ple are being murdered every single hour in Yemen. The Saudi-led effort even bombed a school bus filled with innocent children. So it seems to me that there could be no more important time for debate in the House on ending U.S. military support for this war. I just don’t know what the Repub-lican majority is afraid of. Privileged resolutions—I want my colleagues to understand this—by Members of this House, have always been allowed to be debated on this House floor, under Re-publican and Democrat majorities alike until now; until today. I don’t know what the Republican majority is afraid of. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, in this rule, the wolves bare their fangs—not American wolves, but Saudis, who are willing to sever heads, dismember op-ponents, and bomb the innocent. This rule is truly a wolf in wolf’s clothing. By blocking a vote on wheth-er America should continue to aid and abet Saudi atrocities, this Congress would remain an obedient lapdog to President Trump’s impulses, and not the watchdog for American values. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.009 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9519 November 14, 2018 
The Saudi ruthless war in Yemen has created what so many have described as the largest humanitarian disaster on our planet today, and yet it continues. American support for Saudi atrocities is truly a stain on our Nation with which so many of our country members are not familiar. But without American spare parts, American targeting, American weapons and bombs, and until recently, Amer-ican refueling, this killing could not occur. My colleague mentioned the school bus. Forty children were mur-dered in August, and sprawled across the bomb that was next to their bus were words that meant: ‘‘Made in America.’’ That is the message that we are sending there. That is where Amer-ican tax dollars are going. The Trump administration last week belatedly said it would stop refueling. That is insufficient. If we are to stop Saudi killing, we must stop all of the assistance that they are receiving. Now, of course, there has been atten-tion on Saudi murders of late in a dif-ferent area: about one person, about the dismemberment of a legal Amer-ican resident who was a leading jour-nalist in this city. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, after taking the standing Trump approach of denying everything—saying he accept-ed the lies and the denials of the Saudis—Mr. Trump dodged again by saying, ‘‘I am going to leave . . . it up to Congress.’’ And so what is this Con-gress doing about the Khashoggi atroc-ity? Absolutely nothing. That is what should have been in this rule, doing something about the sanctions and the disclosure. Forty of us asked this past month for the administration to brief us on what they knew before Mr. Khashoggi was murdered, and whether they warned him about that, and we have had a deafening silence in response to our re-quest on that, and on cutting off assist-ance to Yemen. Even an audio of the gruesome mur-der of Mr. Khashoggi—we don’t know whether it included the sound of the bone saw that the Saudis apparently used to dismember him—but even a murder will not cause some in this leadership to stand up to President Trump and this atrocious regime. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to a Congress with the courage to end support for these crimes, to cease American sales to the Saudis, and to do something to hold Mr. Khashoggi’s killers accountable. But to say, wait until a much-im-proved new Congress comes into ses-sion to do anything about it means that tonight and every day going for-ward to January 3, more children will be starved; will be victims of cholera; and will be victims of bombings and blockades. When this Congress has the power to do something about it now, we ought to act today by rejecting this rule. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. GOSAR ), chairman of the Con-gressional Western Caucus, the organi-zation that stands for finding solutions to the challenges that we face, not only in the Western United States, but all over the country to help steer debate back to the issue on the agenda that we are considering today. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge support of H.R. 6784. Our Federal wolf policy has gone rabid. From a pol-icy standpoint, we are foaming at the mouth. As chairman of the Congres-sional Western Caucus, I have been try-ing for years now to return some sanity to the way the Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice classifies and manages our wolf populations on Federal lands and oth-erwise. Make no mistake, everyone who votes for Mr. D
UFFY ’s bill are big sup-porters of making sure wolf popu-lations are robust, sustainable, and healthy for the next century and more. This bill is about fixing a Federal fail-ure. Wolf populations across the coun-try have made impressive gains and re-covered quite nicely despite Federal in-volvement rather than because of it. I have seen this firsthand, whether it comes to specific habitat listing deci-sions, or the rate at which the govern-ment adapts and responds to new situa-tions on the ground. The Federal Gov-ernment has been sluggish and out of touch when it comes to managing and recovering wolf populations. But the wolf has, nevertheless, persevered. It is now considered recovered by all rel-evant measures and metrics evaluating its status. As a consequence, this bill makes necessary adjustments. It removes the species from the endangered list, as re-quired by the statute for any recovered species, but empowers States to man-age their unique habitats and popu-lations in accordance with their store-house of expertise and local knowledge. State management plans developed for wolf populations are the antidote to repeat Federal blunders, both for this species and quite a few others. But for now, we are talking about the wolf and the fact that this bill will put States at ease. We need to stop jerking their chain and hand them the reins. If we do, the wolf will have the best chance of con-tinuing to make steady gains range- wide. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of H.R. 6784. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this rule which will pave the way for a vote on a bill that will summarily delist the gray wolf from protections under the Endangered Species Act by congres-sional fiat, in direct contradiction to our Nation’s animal protection policies that have done so much to preserve the diversity of animal existence over the last 45 years. In addition, in keeping with the sad track record of this Republican-con-trolled Congress, this is yet another closed rule, number 102 over the last 2 years, to be exact, that will prohibit consideration of any amendments. Most egregious of all, however, this rule includes a totally non-germane provision that will deny debate of a separate resolution that will end U.S. participation in the Saudi-led coali-tion’s intervention in Yemen’s civil war. This separate resolution, the Khanna resolution, which I am an original co-sponsor of, will be effectively blocked from congressional consideration and debate by passage of this rule, despite the humanitarian crisis and indiscrimi-nate coalition air strikes, which Amer-ican forces have enabled with refuel-ing, and with logistical and technical support over the last 3 years. This bipartisan resolution deserves debate and as a coequal branch of gov-ernment, Congress should not be shirk-ing its duty once again by allowing U.S. military force to be used at the whim of the executive branch. Sadly, this rule is another example of the complete abdication by the 115th Congress of its duty to act as a check on a coequal branch of government. This rule is another surrender by a weak-kneed majority on its way out the door to the executive branch. To quote ‘‘The Hollow Men’’ by T.S. Eliot, this Republican 115th Congress is ending ‘‘. . . not with a bang but a whimper.’’ Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ), a member of the House Nat-ural Resources Committee. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , for his leadership on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bill that includes consideration of the Manage Our Wolves Act intro-duced by my colleague, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ). The legislation would remove gray wolves from the Federal endangered species list and allow States like Cali-fornia to more effectively manage local populations. As the number of gray wolves continues to explode in popu-lation to nearly 6,000 in the lower 48 States, yet, the species continues to be classified as endangered for nearly 40 years now. It really makes no sense because the numbers, they speak for themselves. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.011 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9520 November 14, 2018 
Even in my district in northern Cali-fornia, gray wolves have reemerged in 2015 after having been listed as extinct since 1924. Not surprisingly, the re-emergence of the gray wolf has caused a number of problems for ranchers, their livestock, as well as citizens in their homes with their pets, and a deci-mation of the wildlife population. Cattlemen, farmers, and local com-munities have continued to advocate for protections against wolves, to no avail. There had been efforts in recent years to delay or outright ban all nighttime hunting and trapping in California of other predators like coyotes, et cetera. Adoption of such a ban would have disastrous, unintended consequences for rural communities across my district and, indeed, across the West. Any attempt to curtail or outright ban people in local communities from protecting themselves or their own pri-vate property from these predators, should be opposed. That is why I wrote a letter to the Fish and Wildlife direc-tor earlier this year urging the Service to delist the gray wolf range-wide based on overwhelming evidence sup-porting delisting, based on the Fish and Wildlife Service’s own 5-year rec-ommendation for delisting. Management of gray wolf populations will continue to be extremely limited unless the species is removed from the Endangered Species Act. The fact re-mains, States are better equipped to responsibly manage the local wolf pop-ulations to meet the needs of local communities, ranchers, and livestock populations, as well as decimated wild-life populations. We have seen gray wolf management successes in States like Montana, Wyo-ming, Michigan, and Wisconsin. It is past time that we are able to add States like California and others to this list as well. We need swift passage of this bill, because the endangerment and the damage being done to local ranchers with their livestock; the endangerment to communities, people in their homes out for a walk, is unnec-essary and it is not right. We need these tools for local control so we don’t have to unnecessarily en-danger and harass rural Americans with regulations that are poorly thought out and, indeed, ignoring the Fish and Wildlife Service’s own rec-ommendation to delist this species. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me begin by reminding my col-leagues what the Republicans are pro-posing here, it is that the next 3 days be dedicated to the gray wolf. We are not debating healthcare, we are not de-bating the economy, or jobs, or keeping the government running, but it is to this. They bring it to us under a rule that is completely closed, so there are no amendments to be made in order, and the rule is even worse because it basi-cally undercuts the privilege resolution introduced by Mr. K
HANNA so we could debate this horrific war going on in Yemen. b1630 It takes my breath away at the lengths that this majority goes through to basically deny Members of Congress the right to be able to talk about important issues. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KHANNA ), who is the author of the priv-ileged resolution on Yemen. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman M
CGOVERN for his moral leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to this rule that will deny Mem-bers of Congress an up-or-down vote about whether the United States should be complicit in the war in Yemen. Let’s be very clear. This is unprece-dented in American history. Never has the Speaker of the House and the ma-jority denied a Member of Congress a vote on matters of war and peace. This is basically rendering ineffectual the War Powers Act. The War Powers Act was passed in a bipartisan fashion after Vietnam be-cause our Nation said never again are we going to make the mistake of Viet-nam. We are going to make sure that, if a Member of Congress calls for a vote, Members of Congress have the Ar-ticle I, Section 8 responsibility to vote on matters of war and peace. What the majority is saying is that if the Presi-dent of the United States and the Speaker believe we should be in war, then we should be in war, and it doesn’t matter what Members of Congress think. That is what they are doing with this rule. Now, they are arguing that we are not complicit in the hostilities of Yemen to invoke the War Powers Act. But you can read every article written on this in the international press or the national press, and it starts with a simple line: the U.S.-backed Saudi coa-lition efforts in bombing. Of course we are complicit. Do you think people in Yemen don’t think we are complicit? Do you think people in the Middle East or our allies don’t think we are complicit? With due respect, Congressman N
EWHOUSE says: Well, why not wait? Why not wait a few weeks until we are in the majority? Mr. Speaker, special envoy Griffith in every report has said that 500,000 children will die in a matter of months. They don’t have aid. They don’t have nutrition. Let’s be very clear on what we are doing. While we are bombing the ports of Hodaida, we are not allowing food and aid to get to those kids. When history is written, they are not going to say that J
IMMCGOVERN did this or R
OKHANNA did this or N
EWHOUSE did this. They are going to say: How did the Congress not allow a vote while hundreds of thousands of kids were not allowed food and medi-cine? That is not the America that I be-lieve in. It is not the America that so many Republican colleagues believe in. There is a reason that our Founders gave Congress the power over war and peace, because we have to go and an-swer to our constituents. I will tell you something. There is not a single American who wouldn’t want the violence to end and allow food and medicine to get to those kids who are going to face death if we do noth-ing. I plead with my Republican col-leagues: Please vote ‘‘no’’ on this reso-lution. Let’s have a debate. Let’s have a debate about the starvation and the killing going on there and do the right thing for our Constitution and the world. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. We know what is going on in Yemen, so none of us can escape the responsi-bility we have to either endorse or ig-nore the suffering that is occurring there. Thousands of victims in Yemen—hundreds of thousands—are dying of starvation. It is happening, in some cases, quick-ly. People living in their homes under a bomb die instantly. In other cases, the suffering is prolonged—badly in-jured and no medical help to ease the suffering, let alone save the life. But in the case of most, it is prolonged through starvation. Children do not have access to their mother’s milk, do not have access to the aid that is in the port but is get-ting bombed and can’t be delivered. That is happening every single day. The U.N. report said that, of the 28 million people in Yemen, about 20 mil-lion are in danger of humanitarian dis-aster. That is happening. There is no dispute that it is happening. Here is the question: Right now, that is being done with the authority of the executive branch of the United States Government. It means that that suf-fering that is avoidable and hardly in-evitable is being done in your name and in mine. Mr. K
HANNA has brought forth a reso-lution that allows us to have a debate on this floor as to whether we will con-done the continuation of that policy of inflicting the loss of innocent life: women, children, and citizens of Yemen. This rule prohibits us from ac-cepting responsibility as to whether we will condone or condemn or oppose that policy. We have no justification for failing to do our job. Let us debate. This policy of Saudi Arabia of inflict-ing massive civilian casualty and suf-fering is for what? What national inter-est of this country is at stake by allow-ing that to continue? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.012 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9521 November 14, 2018 
Some, including me, may say that this threatens our national interest be-cause our national interest is to defend innocent life; it is not to kill innocent life. It is to stand with allies who are going to be honest and transparent with us as well as their own citizens. This blank check that our adminis-tration has given to Saudi Arabia for massive killing that is occurring in Yemen or individual assassination that is occurring in Turkey is wrong. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Vermont an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, the ques-tion for us is: Will we accept the mini-mal responsibility that we have in our job to have a debate and say no more, no more will this be done in our name? Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, undermining endan-gered species protections isn’t a na-tional emergency. We shouldn’t be prioritizing it today. Not only is this rule a closed one, as you have heard from our side over and over and over again, Republicans took the unprecedented step of removing the privileged status of a resolution that would have given us the chance to de-bate the United States’ support of the war in Yemen. We should be voting on this. People are dying every minute in Yemen. Our silence and our inaction mean that we are complicit. I have always believed that if the United States stands for anything, then we need to stand out loud and foursquare for human rights. There was a time when the issue of human rights was a bipartisan concern. But it is clear that this administration doesn’t give a damn about human rights. But that doesn’t mean that this institution should follow suit. Human rights ought to be the centerpiece of our foreign pol-icy. There are innocent people being killed every single day. Children were riding to school in buses where the buses have been bombed, where these children have died, have been mur-dered, and all my Republican friends can say is: Oh, you can take care of that after January when you are in charge. We are just going to spend the next 3 days dedicated to the issue of gray wolves. Really? There is so much real work in front of us, including our most basic respon-sibility of funding this government and reauthorizing programs like the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, the Violence Against Women Act, and the farm bill. I could go on and on and on. Education costs are skyrocketing. Americans are afraid coverage for their preexisting conditions will be ripped away by this administration and its al-lies in Congress because you have tried to do it dozens and dozens and dozens of times. How about doing something about that? It was interesting, during the cam-paign, my Republican colleagues were rushing to every microphone they could find to say that they somehow supported covering preexisting condi-tions. Let me remind everybody, and especially my Republican colleagues, that that was a Democratic idea that you opposed. This was the worst election for Re-publican Presidents since Watergate. Maybe that is why Republicans are try-ing to rewrite history. But here is another politically pop-ular idea Republicans should follow: bringing an end to the most closed Congress in history. Let’s let some sun-light in. Don’t wait until January. Start today by voting against this closed rule and demand action on things that our constituents actually care about. Just one final note, again, on this un-precedented move of basically denying us the right to debate this war in Yemen: I agree with what Mr. K
HANNA  said. History is going to look back on our inaction not only on the war in Yemen, but on our inaction dealing with the brutality of the Saudi regime. I would have thought that when we came back that one of the first items up on the agenda would be holding the Saudi Government accountable. In-stead, we got nothing. Not only we get nothing, you take the unprecedented step of denying a Member of this House the right that he has under the privi-leges of this House to debate this issue of war. This is so wrong. This is damaging to the institution, and it shows a callous disregard for what is happening in Yemen. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, do the right thing and vote against this rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing for the con-sideration of H.R. 6784, the Manage our Wolves Act, wolves were once hunted to near extinction in the lower 48 States. The gray wolf was listed by the Federal Government as an endangered species in 1974. Today, though, gray wolves are thriving both in my State of Washington, as well as throughout the United States, with more than 5,000 wolves now living in the contiguous United States. According to Washington State’s De-partment of Fish and Wildlife, the State’s wolf population has grown over the past 9 straight years to 22 packs that contain at least 120 wolves. Mr. Speaker, the gray wolf reaching recovered status truly is an Endan-gered Species Act success story, and we should celebrate. Mr. Speaker, permanently listing species under the Federal Endangered Species Act is not how the process was ever intended to work. The process should rely on the best available science. It is a sign of progress that the species has recovered from the brink of extinction and no longer merits protec-tion under the Federal Endangered Species Act. That is the key point here. While we seek to delist the gray wolf from the Federal ESA, we are em-powering each State to manage their respective populations. Washington State has a strong wolf conservation and management plan that has received broad support, and the State Department of Fish and Wildlife is committed to maintaining a viable wolf population in the State of Washington. Wolves remain protected in the State recovery plan, but so long as an arbitrary Federal line divides our State and, as you heard, the State of Oregon, listing the wolf on one side and not on the other, our State managers are prevented from effectively man-aging the population within our States. As I mentioned, wolves do not know borders. Mr. Speaker, States are equipped to be more responsive and accountable to the needs of local communities than Federal agencies are, and they deserve the flexibility to manage the growing gray wolf populations. We should cele-brate the return of the iconic species like the gray wolf. But meanwhile, States must be empowered to manage populations to ensure the healthiest balance between humans, wildlife, and the ecosystem. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support the rule and its un-derlying legislation, again, H.R. 6784, the Manage our Wolves Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of House Res-olution 1142 will be followed by a 5- minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 6666, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 201, nays 187, not voting 42, as follows: 
[Roll No. 418] YEAS—201 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.014 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9522 November 14, 2018 
Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—187 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Biggs Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brown (MD) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Espaillat Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gottheimer Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jordan Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—42 
Babin Barton Beyer Black Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Collins (GA) Comstock Denham DesJarlais Esty (CT) Fitzpatrick Garrett Gomez Goodlatte Harris Hastings Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Katko Larson (CT) Lynch McMorris Rodgers Messer Noem Norcross Panetta Perlmutter Peters Polis Reed Ross Schrader Shuster Visclosky Walters, Mimi Wilson (FL) Woodall Young (AK) 
b1707 Messrs. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, KRISHNAMOORTHI, LOEBSACK, MEADOWS, Ms. ADAMS, Messrs. BUTTERFIELD and GOH-MERT changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. BROOKS of Alabama changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent from the Capitol when the first vote series was called on November 14, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 418. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 418. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and could not make votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 418. Stated against: Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 418. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 418. 
f 
AUTHORIZING SECRETARY OF IN-TERIOR TO GRANT STATES AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS EASE-MENTS AND RIGHTS-OF-WAY OVER FEDERAL LAND WITHIN GATEWAY NATIONAL RECRE-ATION AREA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 6666) to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to grant to States and local governments ease-ments and rights-of-way over Federal land within Gateway National Recre-ation Area for construction, operation, and maintenance of projects for control and prevention of flooding and shore-line erosion. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 5276 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 5276. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
IGGS). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
b1715 HONORING WAR HERO WALTER ‘‘BERT’’ MINTUS (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of western Pennsylvania native and war hero, Petty Officer Third Class Walter ‘‘Bert’’ Mintus. Hailing from Portage, Pennsylvania, in 1942, Bert enlisted in the U.S. Navy and served as a radioman for Torpedo Squadron Fifty-One during World War II. This was the same torpedo squadron in which our 41st President, George H.W. Bush, served during the war. On July 27, 1944, during a mission over the Pacific, his aircraft came under enemy fire from the Japanese and was shot down. Afterward, Bert and his brothers in arms on the plane were listed as missing in action and later presumed dead. For nearly 74 years, the Mintus fam-ily was unsure of the fate that befell their beloved family member. That changed this year. Thanks to the dili-gent efforts of the U.S. Navy, this past June, Bert’s remains were identified; and last Thursday, Bert’s family fi-nally welcomed their war hero home. May God grant this son of western Pennsylvania eternal rest. 
f 
HONORING ALBERTA DANIELS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.002 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9523 November 14, 2018 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Alberta Daniels of East Orange, New Jersey, for her life-time of service. Mrs. Daniels is like a mother to many of us in public life from Essex County, New Jersey. I know that she has helped me learn to be a better pub-lic servant. Mrs. Daniels spent 25 years at RCA in Harrison, New Jersey. In her late forties, Mrs. Daniels started a new chapter as a senior cor-rectional officer. She spent 14 years in corrections working for the State of New Jersey and helping open the first halfway house for women in our State. Since retiring from her distinguished life in public safety and corrections, Mrs. Daniels has been an active com-munity servant, and Mrs. Daniels keeps a busy civic schedule as well. Last week, I had the honor of speak-ing at a ceremony to rename a street in East Orange Alberta Evelyn Daniels Court. It was a well-deserved honor that she has received from her commu-nity because of her lifetime of achieve-ment and service to that area. Mrs. Daniels, it is well deserved, and you are well loved. 
f 
CELEBRATING DIWALI (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, last week, the Indian American community celebrated Diwali, the festival of lights. The holiest day of the Hindu calendar, Diwali celebrates the spir-itual victory of light over darkness, good over evil, and knowledge over ig-norance. Today, we welcome these amazing community members right here in our Nation’s Capitol. In Bucks and Montgomery Counties, Pennsylvania, I am honored to recog-nize the Hindu community and mem-bers of the Indian American commu-nity who celebrated and expressed their faith. Today, I am proud to recog-nize the several mandirs who serve our community in innumerable ways lo-cated in Levittown, Montgomeryville, Warrington, Feasterville-Trevose, Bensalem, and Souderton. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join the Hindu faith community in celebrating Diwali and applaud their efforts of in-clusion and community betterment in Pennsylvania and across America. I look forward to working with these amazing people today and every day. 
f 
HONORING POLICE CHIEF MATT DOERING (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the life of re-tired Police Chief Matt Doering of Brunswick, Georgia, who passed away on September 4 at 56 years of age after a long battle with cancer. Chief Doering dedicated his life to serving his community. He spent 34 years working with the Glynn County Police Department, and for 14 of those years, he served as the chief of police. From directing high-profile investiga-tions to personally patrolling the area during hurricanes, Chief Doering was highly respected throughout Glynn County. After being diagnosed with pan-creatic cancer, he retired from the po-lice department and began working with the Glynn County school system. I am proud and thankful to have had someone with the character of Chief Doering serving his community in the First Congressional District of Geor-gia. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MERLE NELL (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor firefighters from across our community. They recently traveled to Albany to honor the life and legacy of Merle Nell, a fire police captain and former chief of the Vernon Fire Depart-ment in upstate New York. Family, friends, and fellow firefighters watched as Merle’s name was inscribed in the New York State Fallen Firefighters Memorial. Merle passed away in November 2016 while on the scene of a fire in Vernon Center, New York. His name is now etched on a wall with 2,551 other fallen firefighters from our great State who have given their lives in the line of duty. Affectionately known as ‘‘Skippy’’ to his family and friends, Merle’s legacy of service lives on through his sons and grandsons. Merle’s sons, Scott and Mark, serve as fire chiefs in both Verona and Vernon; and his grandsons, Adam and Matthew, are active fire-fighters in Vernon, and Zachary is a junior firefighter in Verona. A marine, a father, a postal worker, and a firefighter, Merle’s life of service is a true inspiration to everyone in our community. His memory will live on in the hearts of our grateful community both in central New York and in New York State. 
f 
HONORING GWINNETT COUNTY POLICE OFFICER ANTWAN TONEY (Mr. WOODALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I come to the House floor today to honor an amazing public servant in my commu-nity, public servant and a role model, a Gwinnett County police officer by the name of Antwan Toney. Mr. Speaker, Officer Toney was a California native, but he adopted my local community at the age of 30 and knew that he could change the world from that location. He was working not just to make the world better, but to make us better as individuals—one community, one family, one officer at the time. And, Mr. Speaker, with the infectious smile you see here and a tireless work ethic and boundless en-ergy, he was doing exactly that in my hometown. Mr. Speaker, I wish I was here just to honor Officer Toney today, but on the afternoon of October 20, when respond-ing to a call, Officer Toney was killed. Mr. Speaker, I am appalled and pained by the senselessness of this young man’s murder. Mr. Speaker, while our community aches over the loss of Officer Toney, we also celebrate the life that he led and the role model that he provided for all of us. Those who have been fortunate enough to know Officer Toney are for-ever changed for the better by that ex-perience. Of all the places Officer Toney could have served, I am honored that he chose our home to be the place for his incredibly proud work—again, not just to make us safer, but to make us better. Mr. Speaker, today, I pray for all of those who loved Officer Toney and those whom he loved. I pray for all of his brothers and sisters in uniform who, even in the face of this loss, wake up every single morning and agree to serve once again. May God bless all of them, Mr. Speaker, and may we give thanks to God that He shares with each and every one of us heroes in our lives, difference makers in our lives, difference makers like Officer Antwan Toney. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2615. An act to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes. H.R. 3359. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 5 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, November 15, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.020 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9524 November 14, 2018 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6786. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2014 Report to Congress on Community Services Block Grant Discretionary Activities — Community Economic Development and Rural Community Development Programs, pursuant to Sec. 680(c) of the Community Services Block Grant Act of 1981, Public Law 97-35, as amended by the Community Oppor-tunities, Accountability, and Training and Educational Services Act of 1998; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 6787. A letter from the Secretary of Agri-culture, Secretary of Health and Human Services, Department of Agriculture, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s Report to Con-gress on the Notifications of Thefts, Losses, or Releases of Select Agents and Toxins for CY 2017, pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 8401(k); Pub. L 107-188, Sec. 212(k); (116 Stat. 656); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6788. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report to Congress titled, ‘‘Activities to Improve Women’s Health As Required by the Affordable Care Act’’ 2017; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6789. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18-025, pursuant to the reporting require-ments of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6790. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18-059, pursuant to the reporting require-ments of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6791. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18-042, pursuant to the reporting require-ments of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6792. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18-032, pursuant to the reporting require-ments of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6793. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report ti-tled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Report to Congress on Administration of the Tribal Self-Govern-ance Program’’; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 6794. A letter from the Secretary, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmit-ting a letter expressing concerns on H.R. 6755, the Judiciary Reforms, Organization and Operational Modernization Act of 2018 (Judiciary ROOM Act); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6795. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0394; Product Identifier 2018- NM-036-AD; Amendment 39-19441; AD 2018-20- 07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6796. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0301; Product Identifier 2017-NM- 112-AD; Amendment 39-19407; AD 2018-19-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6797. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0395; Product Identifier 2017-NM- 136-AD; Amendment 39-19430; AD 2018-19-29] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6798. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No. FAA-2018-0357; Product Identifier 2018- NM-035-AD; Amendment 39-19428; AD 2018-19- 27] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6799. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0417; Product Identifier 2017-NM- 132-AD; Amendment 39-19440; AD 2018-20-06) (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6800. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0451; Product Identifier 2017- NM-172-AD; Amendment 39-19406; AD 2018-19- 06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6801. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; CFM International S.A. Turbofan En-gines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0855; Product Identifier 2018-NE-31-AD; Amendment 39- 19416; AD 2018-19-16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6802. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; CFM International S.A. Turbofan En-gines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0785; Product Identifier 2018-NE-14-AD; Amendment 39- 19380; AD 2018-18-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6803. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0863; Product Identifier 2018-NE-30-AD; Amendment 39- 19423; AD 2018-19-22] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6804. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0804; Product Identifier 2018-NM- 129-AD; Amendment 39-19442; AD 2018-20-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6805. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; GEVEN S.p.A. Seat Assemblies, Type D1-02 and D1-03 [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0504; Product Identifier 2017-NE-12-AD; Amend-ment 39-19415; AD 2018-19-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6806. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0549; Product Identifier 2018- NM-014-AD; Amendment 39-19427; AD 2018-19- 26] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6807. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0360; Product Identifier 2018-NM- 009-AD; Amendment 39-19434; AD 2018-19-33] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6808. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Hoffmann GmbH & Co. KG Propellers [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0281; Product Identi-fier 2018-NE-06-AD; Amendment 39-19437; AD 2018-20-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6809. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0491; Product Identifier 2017-NM- 158-AD; Amendment 39-19432; AD 2018-19-31] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6810. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0455; Product Identifier 2017-NM- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9525 November 14, 2018 
121-AD; Amendment 39-19436; AD 2018-20-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6811. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; BAE Systems (Operations) Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0555; Prod-uct Identifier 2017-NM-152-AD; Amendment 39-19431; AD 2018-19-30] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6812. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0306; Product Identifier 2018- NM-039-AD; Amendment 39-19426; AD 2018-19- 25] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6813. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report ti-tled, ‘‘Assets for Independence Program Re-port to Congress: Status at the Conclusion of the Seventeenth Year, Fiscal Year 2016’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 604 note; Public Law 105-285, Sec. 414(d); (112 Stat. 2771); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6814. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s annual report concerning the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program, pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 3325(a)(1); Public Law 112-154, Sec. 402(a)(1); (126 Stat. 1189); jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Veterans’ Affairs. 6815. A letter from the Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Office’s report titled, ‘‘Medicare Payments for Clinical Diagnostic Laboratory Tests: Year 4 of Baseline Data (OEI-09-18-00410)’’; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2069. A bill to provide pri-ority under certain federally assisted hous-ing programs to assist youths who are aging out of foster care, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1023). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2570. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to clarify that the points and fees in connection with a mort-gage loan do not include certain compensa-tion amounts already taken into account in setting the interest rate on such loan, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1024). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2683. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to delay the inclu-sion in consumer credit reports and to estab-lish requirements for debt collectors with re-spect to medical debt information of vet-erans due to inappropriate or delayed billing payments or reimbursements from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 1025). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 1511. A bill to amend the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to meet the needs of homeless children, youth, and families, and honor the assessments and priorities of local communities; with amend-ments (Rept. 115–1026, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 3288. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to pro-mote regional economic and infrastructure development, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1027, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 4177. A bill to enhance the Federal Government’s planning and preparation for extreme weather and the Federal Government’s dissemination of best practices to respond to extreme weather, thereby increasing resilience, improving re-gional coordination, and mitigating the fi-nancial risk to the Federal Government from such extreme weather, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–1028, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. f TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILLS Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following actions were taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1511. Referral to the Committee on Education and the Workforce extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. H.R. 3288. Referral to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. H.R. 4177. Referral to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. L
EE, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. P RICE of North Caro-lina, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. H IMES, Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. G OMEZ , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 7124. A bill to prohibit and prevent se-clusion and to prevent and reduce the use of physical restraint in schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 7125. A bill to rename the portions of the Gateway National Seashore located on Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Senator James L. Buckley National Seashore’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LONG: H.R. 7126. A bill to exempt certain struc-tures from removal from Army Corps of En-gineers property on Table Rock Lake, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. S OTO, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. R
UIZ): H.R. 7127. A bill to protect the voting rights of Native American and Alaska Native voters; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself, Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. C RIST, and Mr. C ORREA ): H.R. 7128. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center to conduct surveys to measure cannabis use by veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself, Mr. G
AETZ , and Mr. C ORREA ): H.R. 7129. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide training in the use of medical cannabis for all Department of Veterans Affairs primary care providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself, Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. C RIST, and Mr. C ORREA ): H.R. 7130. A bill to provide for a Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs policy on medicinal cannabis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself and Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida): H.R. 7131. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to provide for a moratorium on number reassignment after a disaster dec-laration, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 7132. A bill to permit aliens who law-fully enter the United States on valid visas as nonimmigrant elementary and secondary school students to attend public schools in the United States for longer than 1 year if such aliens reimburse the local educational agency that administers the school for the full, unsubsidized per capita cost of pro-viding education at such school for the pe-riod of the alien’s attendance; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 7133. A bill to clarify the definition of nonadmitted insurer under the Nonadmitted and Reinsurance Reform Act of 2010, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9526 November 14, 2018 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. M
OORE ): H. Res. 1146. A resolution expressing sup-port for designation of the week beginning on November 12, 2018, as ‘‘National School Psychology Week’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Ms. J
ACK-
SON LEE, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. C
OHEN ): H. Res. 1147. A resolution congratulating Dr. Denis Mukwege and Nadia Murad for re-ceiving the 2018 Nobel Peace Prize for their advocacy on behalf of the millions who have suffered from sexual violence as a result of conflict, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, private bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 7134. A bill for the relief of Gualterio Lazaro Santos Santos; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 7135. A bill to direct the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to issue a certificate of docu-mentation with a coastwise endorsement for the vessel Pacific Provider; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 7124. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 7125. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. LONG: H.R. 7126. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 7127. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 7128. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 7129. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 7130. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 7131. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Constitution of United States of America, Article I By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 7132. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 7133. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 7134. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (1) The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 7135. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion (clauses 3 and 18), which grants Con-gress the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations and among the several states; and to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 778: Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 919: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 1038: Mr. E
STES of Kansas and Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 1291: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1456: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 1515: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1566: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1639: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 1727: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2001: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2012: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2092: Mr. A
GUILAR and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 2491: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 2639: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2976: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 3400: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3409: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 3666: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3730: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 3734: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 3956: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 3981: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 4022: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 4107: Mr. A
RRINGTON , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 4159: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4256: Mr. G
IANFORTE and Mr. S AR-
BANES . H.R. 4333: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 4339: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 4391: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4415: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4459: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 4691: Mr. H
IMES and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 4732: Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 4777: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 5028: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5156: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 5158: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 5161: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 5233: Mr. M
ULLIN and Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California. H.R. 5244: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5541: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 5855: Mr. P
OSEY and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 5911: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 5922: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 5955: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 6263: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 6455: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 6469: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 6510: Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. L AHOOD, and Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 6525: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 6543: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 6589: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. P A-
NETTA , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 6636: Mr. C
URTIS , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN . H.R. 6637: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 6726: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 6771: Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 6800: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6854: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. B UDD. H.R. 6874: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 6927: Mr. R
UTHERFORD and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 6933: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 6941: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 6953: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 6987: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 7062: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER . H.R. 7078: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 7080: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 7086: Mrs. B
USTOS and Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas. H. Con. Res. 70: Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Res. 220: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY and Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas. H. Res. 623: Ms. M
OORE . H. Res. 993: Mr. L
AHOOD. H. Res. 1031: Ms. A
DAMS . H. Res. 1063: Mr. R
ASKIN . H. Res. 1104: Mr. A
GUILAR . H. Res. 1111: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H. Res. 1145: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 5276: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.100 H14NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6937 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2018 No. 180 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable S
HEL-
LEYMOORE CAPITO , a Senator from the State of West Virginia. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, thank You for the gift of fruitful labor. Forgive us for the help we might have given someone in need and did not give. Use our lawmakers for Your glory. May they not thoughtlessly think, speak, or act in ways that wound or harm. Grant that they will do nothing that would bring shame to themselves, grief to their families, or sorrow to You. Lord, thank You for the strategic role of the U.S. Senate and Your un-folding providence for our beloved Na-tion. Help us all to be faithful to the destiny You intend for our lives. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, November 14, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable SHELLEY MOORE CAP-
ITO, a Senator from the State of West Vir-ginia, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. CAPITO thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Mississippi. 
f 
COAST GUARD REAUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I wish to say a word or two about the Coast Guard bill, which is coming up soon. I assure my colleagues that when the leader comes to the Chamber to make leadership remarks, I will cer-tainly defer to him. I cannot tell you how pleased I am that we are finally getting to the point of passing a Coast Guard Reauthoriza-tion Act. We have worked on this for some time—intensely, actually, for 3 years—and I wish to commend Senator S
ULLIVAN of Alaska and Senator T
HUNE , the chairman of the Commerce Committee, for doing such great work on this. The Coast Guard reauthorization bill will allow us to let the Coast Guard continue to do all of the vital things they do to help the people of this Na-tion. It will allow us to rebuild the fleet, strengthen facilities on shore, and refurbish the aircraft of the Coast Guard, all while ensuring support for the highly trained 40,000 Active-Duty members of the Coast Guard and some 46,000 people who serve in either the Reserve, civilian, or auxiliary force of the Coast Guard. A lot of Americans really don’t have a complete understanding of the 11 statutory functions of the U.S. Coast Guard. I will not go through all of those, except to say that these are vital to the safety and security of the United States. I will just mention that in my own State of Mississippi, after Hurricane Katrina, one of the first groups to come in and respond was the Coast Guard, living up to their motto of Semper Paratus—‘‘Always Ready.’’ There were an estimated 60,000 people who needed to be saved from flooded homes, buildings, and rooftops by the Coast Guard, and they did their job. The lifesaving work continued in 2017 and in 2018 with historic rescue and re-covery efforts for such disasters as Irma, Florence, Maria, Michael, and the list goes on and on. Simply put, the Coast Guard is there when coastal com-munities are at risk. They are also there when it comes to organized crime and drug interdic-tion—another very important aspect of the Coast Guard. Last week the Coast Guard made news. The cutter Dauntless returned to Pensacola, FL, following a $27 million cocaine bust in the eastern Pacific. Americans may see the Coast Guard on the news only because of big drug busts or in the aftermath of a hurri-cane, but these men and women also are in every corner of the globe, pro-tecting our natural resources and our national interests, coordinating search and rescue missions, and saving lives— saving lives every day. So our hat is off to the Coast Guard, and my hat is off to the leaders of this body who have given us an excellent re-authorization bill. In a single day, we might see the Coast Guard handling some 45 search and rescue missions in a single day or saving 10 lives in a single day or saving more than $1.2 million in property in a single day or ensuring the proper transport of $8.7 billion in goods and commodities. As I assured Members when I began these remarks, it is my honor to yield to the distinguished majority leader for whatever leadership remarks he might want to make. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.000 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6938 November 14, 2018 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
WELCOMING OUR NEW COLLEAGUES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we continue to welcome our new Senators- elect, who are in town this week for orientation meetings and votes on party leadership. Yesterday evening, the Democratic leader and I had the honor of toasting our future colleagues at our traditional bipartisan welcome dinner. It is quite a distinguished group. Some of our new colleagues are tal-ented legislators who will simply be re-locating from the other side of the Cap-itol. Some are coming to the Senate as private citizens who have built success-ful careers outside the world of poli-tics. Some have already served as statewide elected officials and are com-ing to Washington for the first time. It is our pleasure to welcome these future Senators and congratulate all of them. 
f 
LEADERSHIP VOTES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, speaking of looking ahead, just a few hours ago our Republican conference came together and chose the leadership team that will serve for the 116th Con-gress. Our Republican leadership team will feature faces both new and familiar. We are looking forward to earning our col-leagues’ trust and working as hard as we can to seize the opportunities that will lie before us this coming Congress. It is my honor to have been asked by my colleagues to continue serving as leader. I can honestly say that not a day goes by when I am not humbled and honored by this opportunity to serve my colleagues, the institution of the Senate, and our incredible country in whatever measure I am capable. I know my friend the Democratic leader feels much the same. I want to congratulate him on his election as leader once again. I look forward to working with him and his colleagues to move the ball and to make bipartisan progress for the American people. 
f 
BUSINESS BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, now, on to the work that is currently before us: We voted yesterday to ad-vance important legislation that will preserve our national security, ensure our readiness, and expand economic op-portunity. The bill before us to reau-thorize the Coast Guard funding will ensure that the brave men and women who put themselves in harm’s way every single day have access to the re-sources they need. America calls on our Coast Guard to protect our ports, to protect our coasts, to safeguard the shipping lanes that enable American commerce, to stem the tide of illegal drugs before they reach our shores, and to brave even the fiercest natural disasters that save American lives. They always an-swer the call. They are always ready. So it is our obligation as a Congress to keep the Coast Guard authorized and adequately resourced to do the job. When we pass the legislation before us, we will do just that, and we will do even more because this bill also in-cludes important reforms that will streamline needlessly complicated gov-ernment regulations and help commu-nities and small businesses harness the great resource that is America’s water-ways. In my home State of Kentucky alone, we have 1,900-plus miles of navigable waterways. They support 13,000 jobs. This bill includes a major victory for those Kentuckians and for Americans in a number of other States. The Vessel Incidental Discharge Act will unwind the confusing, redundant tangle of rules and regulations that States, the EPA, and the Coast Guard have all piled on to vessel owners and barge operators who are, frankly, just trying to make a living. With this leg-islation, that tangled mess will go away. It will be replaced by a single, ef-ficient, and uniform standard, which the Coast Guard will enforce. It is a commonsense step, and it is something that has been thoroughly bipartisan. This legislation passed the Com-merce Committee on a voice vote. It has actually been reported out several different times, including when the Senate was controlled by Democrats. So I look forward to delivering these important measures for the Coast Guard, for Kentuckians, and for many more Americans when we pass this leg-islation later today. f 
NOMINATION OF MICHELLE BOWMAN Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we will also vote to advance the nomina-tion of Michelle Bowman to serve on the Federal Reserve Board. Ms. Bow-man brings experience as a community banker and as a banking regulator, currently serving as the State Banking Commissioner of Kansas. Her nomina-tion comes before us in a year when the Senate has taken substantive legisla-tive action on behalf of America’s com-munity banks and the communities they serve. As we were reminded when we passed bipartisan reforms to Dodd-Frank a few months ago, smaller lenders pro-vide more than 50 percent of small business loans and nearly 80 percent of agricultural loans nationwide. So it is as important now as ever that these in-stitutions and their needs are rep-resented on the Federal Reserve Board. By any standard, Ms. Bowman is very well prepared to serve in a seat des-ignated specifically for an expert on community banking. So I urge each of my colleagues to join me in voting to confirm another of the President’s well-qualified nominees for Federal service. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, it is my understanding that the distinguished Democratic leader will be coming in soon to participate in leadership time, but until such time, I ask unanimous consent to address the Senate on the Coast Guard bill for 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
COAST GUARD REAUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, as the Presiding Officer entered the Chamber and took the Chair, I was explaining to Members what the Coast Guard does— all the various vital activities they do to provide for the safety and security of Americans. Let me tell my col-leagues just a few things this bill does. The distinguished majority leader was discussing this in his remarks also. This bill that we are about to vote on takes big steps in recapitalizing our vessel fleet. I am proud to say that shipbuilders across the country, includ-ing in my State of Mississippi, are re-building our fleet. In Mississippi, we have built six national security cutters that are currently operational. The seventh and eighth ships have been built and are scheduled to be commis-sioned next year. These ships are some of the most technologically advanced vessels in the world. The Coast Guard needs more modern national security cutters to combat transnational organized crime. These cutters make up the backbone of this effort, and, as we know, the criminals who undermine our borders and our Na-tion’s social and political development are not contained by borders. In addition, the Coast Guard bill rec-ognizes the importance of national se-curity cutters by authorizing multiyear contracts that will lead to procurement of a 10th, 11th, and 12th vessel. So we are making great progress there. These cutters are high-ly advanced patrol boats that could de-ploy independently for a number of missions along our ports, waterways, and coasts. In addition, the bill does not over-look the Coast Guard’s shoreline infra-structure, instead authorizing more than $170 million for these facilities. This includes steps to repair and re-place its aging rotary-wing aircraft. Other provisions in the bill would clarify the Coast Guard’s role in na-tional security as a member of our Armed Forces, and they are and should be clarified as a member of the Armed Forces; establish a land-based, un-manned aircraft system program; help modernize the Coast Guard’s healthcare system; enable block-buy contracts for ship acquisition; and con-duct an advanced maintenance pro-gram for the Polar Star, our only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.001 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6939 November 14, 2018 
heavy polar icebreaker. Our sole ice-breaker is now 42 years old and 12 years past its intended service life. So this will allow us to pay more attention to the Arctic. Finally, let me stress to my col-leagues and once again express appre-ciation to the leadership of the com-mittee that we are finally passing the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, known as VIDA, which provides much needed relief to our commercial vessel industry. This relief would come through a single, science-based na-tional standard for ballast water dis-charge and other vessel discharges. These discharges must take place; it is just a question of what the regulation is and how we take care of our econ-omy and our environment. Currently, commercial vessel owners are obligated to meet standards from the Coast Guard, standards from the EPA, and standards from 25 individual States. This can mean spending mil-lions of dollars to install equipment, which may or may not ensure compli-ance with these regulations. Such bur-dens have put a strain on U.S. busi-nesses and U.S. commerce. This bill will give us one nationwide standard, lifting the burden off of these busi-nesses and lifting the burden off of peo-ple who would like to actually get out there and create more jobs instead of comply with a myriad of various regu-lations. Under VIDA, the Coast Guard would be the lead agency to enforce these reg-ulations, but it will also do this in con-sultation with EPA. In other words, VIDA uses the expertise of both of these excellent agencies, the Coast Guard and the EPA, and leverages the expertise of both agencies. It is quite an achievement. I see my friend from Florida here. He may want me to yield on this question. But there has been a bipartisan effort, and the bipartisan vote yesterday was quite gratifying. Again, thank you to Chairman T
HUNE , thank you to Senator S UL-
LIVAN , and thank you to my friends on the other side of the aisle for making this bipartisan, long-range effort fi-nally come to fruition this afternoon. Mr. NELSON. Would the Senator yield? Mr. WICKER. I would be delighted to yield to my friend. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, this is an example of where the Senate can get something done. There were many twists and turns to the Coast Guard bill, but at the end of the day, we all came together in a bipartisan way to get it done, and I thank the Senator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, reclaim-ing my time, I thank the Senator from Florida for making those points and for his leadership as ranking member of the Commerce Committee. In this re-gard, I suggest the vote coming up soon will be probably as lopsided as the one on cloture yesterday. That is a good sign. It took us a while to get there, I would say to my friend from Florida, but we are there now, and it is a great achievement for our economy, for the environment, and for the Coast Guard as a whole. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise to express my opposition to S. 140, the Coast Guard reauthorization bill, be-cause it prevents State regulation of the discharge of pollutants from ves-sels engaged in maritime commerce and because it exempts one certain ves-sel from current fire safety standards. First, the bill includes a provision, known as the Vessel Incidental Dis-charge Act, which would dictate how ballast water from ships is regulated in the United States. While I appreciate the hard work of the Senate Commit-tees on Commerce, Science and Trans-portation and Environment and Public Works and their commitment to bipar-tisan negotiation on this issue, I unfor-tunately cannot support a bill that in-cludes the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, even as currently modified. The problem is that this provision preempts Maryland’s authority to set standards on the discharge of ballast water from ships that are more protective of the Chesapeake Bay than the standards set by the Federal Government. Ballast water can contain invasive species like blue catfish and zebra mus-sels, among a host of others, that threaten the delicate balance of life in the bay. The Chesapeake Bay is the Na-tion’s largest estuary. It generates $1 trillion in economic benefit to the wa-tershed region. The shoreline of the Chesapeake and its tidal tributaries stretches for over 2,000 miles. More than 100,000 streams and rivers and thousands of acres of wetlands provide the freshwater that flows into the Chesapeake Bay. If we do not protect the health of this incredible network of waters, we cannot hope to restore the Chesapeake Bay to its former glory. Fortunately, the health of the bay is improving. According to the latest re-port card from the University of Mary-land Center for Environmental Science, the bay earned a C grade, sig-nifying the first time that score is meaningfully trending in the right di-rection and that restoration efforts are beginning to have an enduring impact. Additionally, the effort to clean up and restore the bay creates new job and economic growth opportunities around the bay States. For example, the watermen that depend on healthy pop-ulations of blue crab, oysters, menha-den, and rockfish—for striped bass—de-pend on those species not being out- competed for food or eaten by invasive species. People throughout the water-shed depend on the bay for their liveli-hoods and for recreation. Though we in the Chesapeake Bay watershed are making great strides in improving the quality of the Chesa-peake Bay, we still have a long way to go. The last thing the bay and the peo-ple who depend on it need now is the additional stress of invasive species. Furthermore, this bill includes a pro-vision that would exempt one vessel from current fire safety standards, an-other provision by which I cannot abide. A series of fires aboard international passenger ships in the early 1960s prompted the U.S. to enact the Safety of Life at Sea Act, SOLAS, which man-dated that ‘‘no passenger vessel of the United States shall be granted a cer-tificate of inspection [. . .] unless the vessel is constructed of fire-retardant materials.’’ Despite the enactment of the SOLAS standards and the opposi-tion of the U.S. Coast Guard, Congress has repeatedly exempted one ship, the Delta Queen, from the SOLAS fire safe-ty standards. Current law requires passenger ves-sels with overnight accommodations for 50 or more passengers to be con-structed of fire-retardant materials, unless an exemption is made, but in the case of the Delta Queen, the U.S. Coast Guard has consistently opposed legislation to provide the Delta Queen an exemption to remain in service as an overnight passenger cruise vessel. A Coast Guard special inspection re-port on the Delta Queen in 2008 found ‘‘an unnecessary and unacceptable ac-cumulation of combustible fire load.’’ In a January 8, 2016, letter to Senator BILLNELSON , the Coast Guard’s then Assistant Secretary of Legislative Af-fairs wrote ‘‘the Department of Home-land Security is resigned to oppose continuously any legislation that would provide any form of statutory relief for the steamer Delta Queen.’’ Section 834 of this bill is contrary to public safety. It is contrary to the Safety of Life at Sea Act regulations which have been in full force in the U.S. since 1966, and it is contrary to the guidance of the U.S. Coast Guard. The Delta Queen is an old ship made of wood. The boilers are original and open to the wood superstructure. There are no structural boundaries to contain a fire and only one means of egress. I understand that supporters of this provision are concerned about the his-toric preservation of this ship and the economic opportunities that operation of the ship could bring to its homeport, but we should be concerned first and foremost with the safety of the people who will work on the ship and vacation on the ship. They can have the same opportunities and experiences on a ship that is compliant with the reasonable safety standards that have been in place in this country for more than 50 years. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today the Senate will complete work on a new 2-year authorization for the U.S. Coast Guard, the Federal Mari-time Commission, and on regulations related to vessel discharges and other matters. This bill is intended to give our Coast Guard the certainty it needs to operate in a constantly changing environment, and I appreciate the significant bipar-tisan work that has gone into the legis-lation we vote on today. Maryland is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.003 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6940 November 14, 2018 
home to the Coast Guard yard in Curtis Bay, our Nation’s facility for maintain-ing and repairing the Coast Guard fleet, and I am proud of the work they do every day to support the security of our Nation and ships at sea. However, I remain concerned with title IV of this bill, the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, VIDA, which would regulate bal-last water discharge from ships in the United States. While these provisions have improved since they were first brought to the floor, the title con-tinues to preempt State authority on ballast water discharge from ships. The State of Maryland currently has a more protective standard that is crit-ical to maintaining a healthy Chesa-peake Bay. The Chesapeake Bay Water-shed is enormous: 64,000 square miles, part of six States and the entire Dis-trict of Columbia, and almost 18 mil-lion people. The Chesapeake Bay is one of Mary-land’s crown jewels, and it is of upmost importance to me that we continue the progress in cleaning up the bay. The Chesapeake Bay is a delicate eco-system that is particularly sensitive to invasive species that can be spread through ballast water discharge. These invasive species could compete with our native species in the bay like blue crab, oysters, and striped bass. There are many provisions of this bill that I will support through the con-ference process, including additional funding for operating expenses and ac-quisition funding and $30 million for environmental compliance and restora-tion. The Coast Guard yard in Curtis Bay is currently on EPA’s National Priorities List and the Coast Guard’s priority list and is eligible for this funding. The bill also includes a provision that allows for incentive payments to go to Curtis Bay’s wage-grade employ-ees who demonstrate improvements in performance or delivery during a project. I hope to gain clarity on section 310 of the bill, which claims to provide more flexibility to choose where ship alterations or repairs can occur. I am concerned that this provision may have unintended consequences in certain sit-uations, particularly with respect to the Coast Guard yard. As this bill moves to conference and eventually the President, I hope to work with my col-leagues to clear up this provision and will continue to advocate for the rights of States like Maryland to protect their clean water. I will vote no today, but believe that we can continue to improve this bill in the conference process. I look forward to working with my colleagues to do so. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. f 
AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany S. 140, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany S. 140, a bill to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Set-tlement Fund. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill, with McCon-nell (for Thune) modified amendment No. 4054, in the nature of a substitute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 140, with amendment No. 4054, as modi-fied. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 94, nays 6, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 241 Leg.] YEAS—94 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Kyl Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—6 
Cardin Gillibrand Harris Sanders Schumer Van Hollen 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2006. Mitch McConnell, Mike Rounds, Jon Kyl, Tom Cotton, John Thune, Roger F. Wicker, Thom Tillis, John Boozman, Steve Daines, John Barrasso, David Perdue, Johnny Isakson, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, Mike Crapo, Lindsey Graham, Jerry Moran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the un-expired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2006, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 63, nays 36, as follows; 
[Rollcall Vote No. 242 Ex.] YEAS—63 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—36 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Paul Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Nelson 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 63, the nays are 36. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.002 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6941 November 14, 2018 
The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Michelle Bow-man, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2006. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as I re-turn to the Nation’s Capital from home, back in Austin, TX, so we can finish our work out before the end of the year, I want to relay some of the wisdom that I heard from working fam-ilies and Texans back home about their verdict on what we have done so far this year and actually even last year. I stopped by a couple of food banks— one in North Texas and one in El Paso—ahead of this year’s upcoming holiday season. This is when they have the greatest demand for food by people who need either to supplement their diets or who rely on food banks to pro-vide them with their basic sustenance. I also had a chance to visit with a Nobel Prize winner at the MD Ander-son Cancer Center, Dr. Jim Allison, to discuss his groundbreaking work in cancer treatment, much of which was funded by money we have appropriated to the National Institutes of Health, which, in turn, provides grants for basic science and other research that come up with lifesaving cures, such as Dr. Allison has come up with. Then I met with the local leadership in the Corpus Christi area, down in the gulf coast, to discuss their Hurricane Harvey recovery process. It has been a little over a year since Hurricane Har-vey hit. Of course, many of those com-munities and many families are con-tinuing to recover from that devasta-tion. I also held a roundtable with local leaders and the drug-free communities councils to discuss how local, State, and Federal leaders can work together to fight the supply of illegal drugs coming into the country and to support those who are in recovery from addic-tion. It won’t surprise you that people had a lot to say. Yet their stories re-mind me that while being back here in Washington—although Texas is a long way away, about 3 hours or so by jet— folks back home are paying attention to what we are doing here, and I know some of that gets lost in the back-and- forth of the political campaigns that have just passed. There is one thing that we have done that I think has been well received, and that is, since the voters gave us a Re-publican in the White House and gave us Republican majorities in the House and the Senate, we have put our foot on the gas pedal and haven’t let off since. We have delivered concrete re-sults for the American people, and they have continued to see gains under this administration—promises made and promises kept. I will start with the transformation of the Federal judiciary. One of the most important jobs the U.S. Senate has under the Constitution is to pro-vide advice and consent on executive branch nominations—in this case, to our article III courts. A historic num-ber of judges who will interpret the law as written have been confirmed under the administration. That number is 84, and it includes the most ever appellate judges—the midlevel Federal courts— to have ever been confirmed during a President’s first 2 years in office. These are principled, experienced, highly skilled lawyers and judges who respect precedent and understand their critical but limited role under our system of government. Their job is to interpret the law; they shouldn’t rewrite it. That is one of the principal battles we end up fighting when Supreme Court nomi-nations come across the well of the Senate floor. There are those who think that judges should be able to im-pose their views on the American peo-ple even though they don’t run for elec-tion and have lifetime tenures, but that is simply not our system. In my view, that is an impermissible role to be played by a judge. When it comes to judges, perhaps our two greatest achievements have been Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh, both of whom were confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court. Yet, as I say, we have confirmed a total of 84 other Fed-eral judges, including 3 on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals from Texas. All of these nominees and now judges have brought great intellect, legal ex-pertise, impartiality, and good will to bear as they make decisions with their very distinguished colleagues. We saw the first major overhaul in the Tax Code in 31 years. It lowered rates for every tax bracket, doubled the child tax credit to help working families, and made our business tax scheme more competitive globally. All of this has allowed many of those em-ployers to pass along benefits through bonuses and higher wages. We have also incentivized investment in eco-nomically distressed communities in every State through the Opportunity Zone Program. Some like to shrug off the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act by calling the savings crumbs, which is what Ms. P
ELOSI has called them, but they are certainly not taking into account what I am hearing from my constituents back home in Texas. The effects of tax reform are real, and they are extremely significant to every American. All em-ployers have been able to provide addi-tional benefits—as I said, some in the form of bonuses or in increased pay. Those who have seen their pay remain the same have seen more take-home pay because their tax obligations have been reduced. One of the taxpayers I heard from in Texas was a gentleman by the name of David Tong from Arlington, TX, which is halfway between Fort Worth and Dallas. Dave wrote to me to say that the company at which he is employed has increased the number of hours peo-ple are able to work. He said Christmas bonuses have been promised, too, and that the company has hired more peo-ple, has bought more new machinery based on the accelerated depreciation provided for under the bill, and has made long overdue repairs to their working place. Now, with the tax law changes in place, David says the guys down on the shop floor are taking home a little more in their paychecks each week. He said all of this adds up and makes a huge difference in the lives of the guys on the shop floor. We have heard similar stories from around the country because more than 700 companies, including many that are based in Texas, have used the tax sav-ings to benefit their employees and their customers. They have announced pay raises, as I said, and 401(k) match increases. We have actually seen seniors and people on fixed incomes have a de-crease in their utility bills, when their electricity is provided by investor- owned utilities, because of the reduc-tion in taxes to be paid by those inves-tor-owned utilities. So there are lower utility rates for seniors and those on fixed incomes. These developments are part of the reason the economy is thriving. Since tax reform was signed into law, the economy has added more than 2 million jobs, and unemployment has been at its lowest rate since 1969. My State has a population that is roughly 38 to 40 per-cent Hispanic; yet Hispanic unemploy-ment sits at the record low of 4.4 per-cent. That is a big deal to my constitu-ents back home. Joblessness for Afri-can Americans has fallen to its lowest level ever—the lowest level ever— under this administration. Then, of course, with more demand— with more money in people’s pockets, more money to spend—there is more demand for goods and services. So in October alone, the economy has added another 250,000 jobs, exceeding all ex-pectations. As a matter of fact, the big-gest concern I hear from employers now is that they are looking for quali-fied employees who are able to perform the jobs that are now available, and many of these are very well-paying jobs. So people are back to work. They are earning more. They are investing, and the economy is moving at full throttle. But it wasn’t just the work of the tax bill. That was just part of it. Part of it has to do with the increased confidence and optimism that people feel about their future as a result of the improve-ment of their economic circumstances. We saw that with the passage of the bi-partisan Dodd-Frank reform. We have also provided additional relief to our community banks and credit unions so they are able to spend less money on redtape and have more money invested 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.008 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6942 November 14, 2018 
in their local communities and in their small businesses. We also know that regulation is im-portant, but overregulation is a job killer. We have rolled back overregula-tion that was stifling job creation, and we are creating an environment that fosters job growth. Our reforms have created a savings of at least $50 billion for small businesses and entrepreneurs. That is why the economy is on fire. We have also done important things to help improve access to healthcare. We have repealed the Independent Pay-ment Advisory Board provisions of ObamaCare and repealed the costly in-dividual mandate, which essentially was a tax on poor people and middle-in-come people when they couldn’t afford to buy the ObamaCare policies with all of the coverage that they didn’t nec-essarily even want or need, but it added to the cost of the policy. When they couldn’t afford the policy, they were taxed by their own government and punished through the individual mandate. What we have done is to try to re-store the authority and the power of citizens themselves to make healthcare decisions for themselves and their fam-ilies that they want and that they can afford by starting to recreate an indi-vidual market. To me, that is the best way for us to offer choice and to keep prices down—to create an individual market, not for government to man-date a one-size-fits-all approach, which is what ObamaCare did. It forced many young people to pay a lot more for their insurance to subsidize others who were covered by ObamaCare. We also addressed the public health challenges we face in this country in another significant way. The Nation’s drug addiction epidemic killed roughly 72,000 Americans last year. Some 72,000 Americans lost their lives to drug overdoses. Nearly 50,000 of those were related to opioids, whether a prescrip-tion drug or heroin or fentanyl. It has left many families in disarray and overwhelmed medical professionals and emergency personnel in many commu-nities. Through the collaboration of about 70 bipartisan proposals—people say nothing bipartisan happens here, but thanks to 70 bipartisan proposals—that were included in this landmark opioids bill, we are not only addressing stem-ming the tide of drugs coming across our border but also supporting those who are trying to recover from a drug addiction. Among other reforms, the law re-quires screening of packages being mailed from overseas for substances like fentanyl. It increases access to treatment for people with substance disorders. It expands research into non-addictive painkillers, and it provides more money for enforcement and inter-diction. But healthy communities are also safe communities. In addition to the opioids bill, we took further steps to enhance the safety of our communities and to help victims. With three new laws, we aimed to reduce the backlog of untested rape kits in forensic labs so that perpetrators of sexual assault can be identified with near certainty and those wrongly charged can be exoner-ated. We also have assisted our law en-forcement in prosecuting cold cases and eradicating the scourge of online sex trafficking. We didn’t stop there, though. We kept communities’ needs in mind and turned toward fixing our Na-tion’s outdated infrastructure. In October, we passed a major water infrastructure bill that helps to keep our communities safe by providing dams and levees and addressing the need for drinking water—clean, safe drinking water—and addressing the underdevelopment of wastewater sys-tems across the country. But our work on infrastructure ex-tended far beyond public water sys-tems. It also included passing the Fed-eral Aviation Administration Reau-thorization Act, which modernizes air-port infrastructure, increases safety, and boosts industry innovation. We also helped to support our men and women in uniform, past and present. By passing a Defense author-ization bill, we gave our troops the largest pay raise in nearly 10 years and began to restore military readiness in an increasingly dangerous world. The National Defense Authorization Act, named after our former chairman of the Armed Services Committee, John McCain, ensures that our troops have the resources, the equipment, and the training they need to defend our country and keep Americans safe. For our veterans, we passed the VA Mission Act—again, a bipartisan piece of legislation. Access to healthcare had become a nightmare for many who sac-rificed so much for our country. We saw them being met with difficulty getting appointments because they were backlogged so much, or they had to drive great distances to get access to basic healthcare. So we passed the VA Mission Act with an eye toward providing more efficient access to care in local communities. Beyond that, we did the basic work of funding the Federal Government on time and through regular order. We haven’t finished that job yet. We have until December 7 to finish the job, and I hope we do. It is not a particularly flashy topic, but it is one of the most fundamental duties of the Congress. So our record is clear, and the voters responded by rewarding the majority with an even greater Senate majority in the next Congress. But we need to finish out the rest of this year strong. We are adding to our list of accom-plishments this week by passing a bi-partisan bill to provide critical funding for the Coast Guard. Our Coast Guard is made up of men and women who risk their lives to save others and to pro-tect our ports and to stop illegal drugs from reaching our country. This bill ensures that they can continue that work with the predictability they de-serve. Moving forward, we have a signifi-cant to-do list before we break for Christmas. We need to finalize the farm bill. We need to reauthorize a number of other bills, and despite the large number of nominations we were able to get done before we recessed, there is still a huge backlog of many executive branch nominations. For some reason, after the 2016 election, our Democratic colleagues decided they were going to obstruct or delay as many Trump nominations to executive agencies on the bench as they could. Unfortunately, they have been too suc-cessful in doing so, but I am confident that the Senate Majority Leader, Sen-ator M
CCONNELL , will use the leverage of people wanting to get home at Christmastime and Thanksgiving to ensure that we get a maximum number of these noncontroversial nominees supported. These are people who will enjoy broad bipartisan support if we can just get our Democratic colleagues to quit the obstruction. We have just a short time left to fin-ish this Congress strong, but the past 2 years have been an unmitigated suc-cess for the country. We have delivered on promises we have made. We have put money back in the pockets of hard- working families. We enhanced com-munity safety and fought for victims. We have modernized infrastructure and supported our men and women in uni-form. I hope we can continue this mo-mentum into the 116th Congress that begins in January. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. 
COAST GUARD REAUTHORIZATION BILL  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to speak about the Coast Guard reauthor-ization legislation that just passed the Senate today. I thank my colleagues for all of their hard work on this im-portant measure that literally has taken years to piece together. I thank Chairman T
HUNE and Ranking Member N
ELSON for working on this legislation and for incorporating many of the things that the people of Washington were interested in seeing as part of this comprehensive bill. I certainly want to thank Senator C
ARPER and the EPW staff for working on major provisions of this bill relating to ballast water and the solutions they put forward. This bill includes many provisions im-portant to our Coast Guard, our envi-ronment, and to our shipbuilding com-munity. It represents a true bipartisan effort to find solutions and to put those solutions into action. Our State of Washington is rich in its maritime heritage. The Coast Guard is a large part of that. With so much coastline, and so many rivers and streams, the Coast Guard is so impor-tant. Our State is home to fishermen, shipbuilders, Tribes, trade operators, and a thriving tourism economy. So for places from Cape Disappointment and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.010 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6943 November 14, 2018 
Grays Harbor to Neah Bay and all the way up the Columbia River, our Wash-ington State Coast Guard works tire-lessly to protect the Northwest and our environment. In our State, there are more than 2,000 Active-Duty coasties, 440 reserv-ists, 192 civilian employees, and an im-pressive 869 volunteer auxiliary mem-bers in the Coast Guard. The Coast Guard plays an important role in the safety and oversight of our fisheries. Thousands of Pacific North-west fishermen call Washington State home, and over 35,000 Washington State jobs are supported by the Alaska fisheries. While we usually talk about big as-sets here on the floor, like icebreakers and national security cutters, Wash-ington State is also home to heavy surf stations that serve in some of the most extreme conditions that people have to operate under. This bipartisan Coast Guard legisla-tion has many provisions that I would like to talk about this afternoon. I want to again thank my colleagues for their great bipartisan work on this leg-islation. This legislation has many different solutions for many of the challenges our agencies face. I want to again thank Senator T
HUNE for working across the aisle on the various Coast Guard provisions that are included in this bill, and I want to thank Senator S
ULLIVAN for helping to cosponsor the authorization of the recapitalization of the Coast Guard heavy polar ice-breaker, the Polar Star. The Polar Star is home-ported in Seattle and is our only operational heavy icebreaker, cru-cial for Arctic operations. The language that we just passed im-proves the oversight of ships that pose an oil spill risk in Puget Sound. This is so important for us moving forward to have these types of assets in these crit-ical waters. This bill also includes language to strengthen the Coast Guard’s family leave policies, as they moved forward to meet other branches in adding paid family leave. The legislation included language that helps to improve the flexibility of that paid family leave for various parts of our State that are most hard to serve. The Coast Guard families should not be forced to choose between serving their country and supporting their families, and I so appreciate the incor-poration of this language into this leg-islation. This bipartisan deal also helps to protect good shipbuilding jobs at Da-kota Creek Shipyard. I am a very strong supporter of the Jones Act, and I believe it is important that we con-tinue to have the Jones Act in the fu-ture. I am proud that we were able to work together to find a solution to save good jobs at the Dakota Creek Shipyard, and I appreciate my col-leagues working on the incorporation of that language. This legislation also included a crit-ical compromise to address the threat of invasive species and the threat they pose to our waterways in many dif-ferent parts of the United States. We worked hard on this solution, con-sulting with the State of Washington, and believe that this version, which does create regulatory certainty for maritime operators but does so while still protecting our environment, is critical. The bill allows the State of Wash-ington, which has a strong history of protecting our waters from invasive species, to modify the west coast bal-last water management practices, which is very important for us to pro-tect our waterways for the future. It requires that the most rigorous sci-entific standards are used—including the Clean Water Act’s best available technology standard so important to us in the Northwest. The bill also creates tools for emergency response to invasive species so they can be stopped before they take a stronghold in our environment. Lastly, it includes a per-manent fishing vessel exemption for in-cidental discharges which do not pose a threat to our environment. All of these things were part of a very comprehensive Coast Guard bill that tried to give us the best tools pos-sible to continue to operate in our coastal areas of the United States, to have the right resources, to have the right oversight, to have the right as-sets, and the right protection of our en-vironment. Again, I thank our colleagues on both sides of the aisle for working so diligently to finally get this legislation over the threshold and on to the Presi-dent’s desk. The Coast Guard represents such an important maritime piece of our econ-omy. I hope our colleagues will realize we need to give the Coast Guard the re-sources and assets to do their jobs, not just now in this legislation but moving forward as well. I also want to thank our Coast Guard fellow, Lieutenant Commander Michelle Rosenberg, for her time work-ing on this comprehensive legislation for the last several years. I, again, thank my colleagues. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, winter has arrived in Pittsburgh. Today, 11 3- foot-tall wooden Stars of David make up a sidewalk memorial in the city’s Squirrel Hill neighborhood, and they will be brought inside the Tree of Life Synagogue to protect this display of the city’s grief from the snowstorm. Pittsburgh, the Jewish community and our entire country were shaken by a horrific anti-Semitic attack that oc-curred on October 27, during Shabbat morning services. Members of three Jewish congregations were present: the Tree of Life, Dor Hadash, and New Light congregations. Eleven innocent people were senselessly slaughtered in the attack, and six others were wound-ed, including four police officers who responded to the attack. Even within this act of evil, there were displays of amazing courage and humanity: the first responders, who rushed into danger to apprehend the shooter and protect others; the Jewish doctors and nurses who cared for not just the victims but the shooter as well. Like Dr. Jeffrey Cohen, president of Allegheny County Hospital—who is actually a member of the Tree of Life Synagogue—displayed an amazing, re-markable courage and humanity in vis-iting the shooter to ask him about his care and to try to make some sense of the attack. After such an inexplicable event, all of us looked for the motivation of the perpetrator and asked why. Well, let’s be clear about what this shooting was about. It was a cowardly act of brutal violence, fueled by anti- Semitism, a corrupt and repulsive ide-ology that really betrays our most fun-damental values and distorts history. John Adams had an interesting quote. John Adams said: If I was an atheist and believed in blind eternal fate, I should still believe that fate had ordained the Jews to be the most essen-tial instrument for civilizing the nations. They are the most glorious nation that ever inhabited this Earth. The Romans and their Empire were but a Bauble in comparison to the Jews. They have given religion to three quarters of the Globe and have influenced the affairs of Mankind more, and more hap-pily, than any other Nation ancient or mod-ern. 
Despite Judaism’s incredible con-tributions to mankind and to our own country and our country’s founding, anti-Semitism is still far too preva-lent. We can’t ignore it. We must con-demn it. We must challenge it. I think there is a lesson here from Dr. Cohen, whom I mentioned earlier. When asked how he could visit a pa-tient with so much hatred, Dr. Cohen replied: 
I thought it was important to at least talk to him and meet him. You can’t on one hand say we should talk to each other, and then I don’t talk to him. 
I think Dr. Cohen’s wisdom and in-sights in humanity could be useful for this body as well. I have spent a lot of time working with colleagues and oth-ers to try to find some commonsense solutions to address some element of the gun violence that plagues this country. Too often, it seems to me, we talk past each other rather than speak-ing with each other. I know there are strongly held views on the Second Amendment, and I am one of the Senators who has strongly held views on the Second Amendment. I am a strong supporter of the Second Amendment, but I am also convinced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.011 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6944 November 14, 2018 
there is common ground among people who have different views on the Second Amendment. In this session of Congress that we are wrapping, we overwhelmingly en-acted legislation to improve NICS, the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, which is used to pre-vent the sale of firearms to people who should not have firearms. Now think about that. We all agree firearms should not be sold to criminals and the dangerously mentally ill. I have never heard any colleague in this body sug-gest that firearms should be sold to violent criminals or dangerously men-tally ill people. No. We all agree, as does our entire society, that these are people who shouldn’t have firearms. So we have a NICS system that is de-signed, when it works well, to identify people who should not be able to have firearms because they are convicted criminals or dangerously mentally ill, or both, and we in this body recently passed legislation to improve the effec-tiveness of that NICS system. Since we all accept the premise of the NICS system, and we have in fact enacted legislation to improve the ef-fectiveness of the NICS system, shouldn’t we also agree to close the re-maining loopholes in the background check in this NICS system? One measure that I think ought to be a consensus measure, and I know has bipartisan support, is that using the NICS system, we should cover all com-mercial sales of firearms with a back-ground check. This is just a common-sense measure that is entirely con-sistent and compatible with the Second Amendment. The Constitution guarantees the rights of law-abiding people to own firearms, but there is no such right for violent criminals and those who are dangerously mentally ill. I am not the only one who believes that. None other than the very pro-Second Amendment Justice Antonin Scalia wrote that it is completely compatible with the Second Amendment to have regulations like a background check. Senator J
OEMANCHIN and I have in-troduced bipartisan legislation that would address this loophole, that would expand background checks. It is pretty simple. It simply says that all commer-cial sales of firearms, including those sales at gun shows and over the inter-net, need to be subject to criminal and mental background checks. If you pass the background check, you get to buy your gun, but if you fail the back-ground check, then you are exactly the kind of person we have all agreed shouldn’t be able to get a gun. This is just common sense. By the way, he and I built into this legislation a number of provisions to allow law-abiding gun owners to more fully exercise their Second Amendment rights. So I hope my colleagues will join me in working to advance this common-sense, bipartisan measure to keep our communities a little bit safer. I have never suggested that this would end mass shootings in America—that would be absurd—but it might make it a lit-tle more difficult for someone who doesn’t belong owning a firearm to ob-tain one. I know in our country many people feel a deep sense of division. We saw it after the shooting at the Tree of Life. We see it sometimes in the debates here, including over gun safety, but this isn’t the first time or even the worst time we have been divided. Interestingly, Pittsburgh’s Tree of Life Synagogue was founded in 1864 during the Civil War. When I was in Pittsburgh following the tragedy, the day after the attack, I attended a beau-tiful memorial service just a few miles from the Tree of Life Synagogue. The service was at the Soldiers & Sailors Memorial Hall. At that ceremony, Catholics, Protestants, Muslims, Jews, people from every walk of life were rep-resented. People from the Greater Pittsburgh area united to support their Jewish neighbors. It was fitting to gather at the Sol-diers & Sailors Memorial. This memo-rial was founded by veterans of the Civil War in Allegheny County to honor the sacrifice and valor of those who were willing to die to save our country during that war. The very first soldier from Allegheny County to die in the Civil War was a married sales-man in his early thirties from Pitts-burgh. He died at the Battle of Wil-liamsburg on May 5, 1862. His name was Jacob Brunn. He was Jewish. That didn’t matter to Pittsburgh. The entire city turned out for his funeral, the en-tire city. As one historian put it, ‘‘the city put religious and political dif-ferences aside to honor the man who was first to fall.’’ I hope the Senate can also put aside some of our political differences and do something sensible. It is our duty, and it would be a fitting act of remem-brance for victims of mass shootings— at the Tree of Life, Thousand Oaks, Sandy Hook, and all the others whose deaths from gun violence have scarred our country. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2644 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 393, S. 2644. I fur-ther ask that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. 
SPECIAL COUNSEL INDEPENDENCE AND  
INTEGRITY ACT  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise to speak in defense of Special Counsel Robert Mueller and to defend the vital role he has played since May of last year in yet another act of service to his country in what has been a lifetime of distinguished service. For his trouble, Mr. Mueller has been accused repeatedly and without basis in fact of conducting a ‘‘witch hunt’’ in the course of his current investigation by none other than the President of the United States. So I would like to take this opportunity to say a few words about what Special Counsel Mueller and his team have been investigating and why, as the point of this vital in-vestigation seems to have been pur-posely confused and maligned by the White House in a rather alarming way. My colleague from Delaware, Senator COONS , and I have made the unanimous consent request to bring this to the floor, but it has been objected to al-ready. This bill is designed to do one thing: protect the integrity of the special counsel’s investigation and spare it of any influence or interference from the executive branch, including from those who may themselves be subjects of the investigation. The findings of Mr. Mueller’s inves-tigation are of utmost importance to the security of this country and to the well-being of our democratic institu-tions as well. In America, as we all know, no one is above the law. Our doc-trine of separation of powers and the independence of the judicial system is what sets us apart from lawless coun-tries, and Presidents do not get to de-termine who gets investigated and who and what does not. For the record and for history, this special counsel was appointed to thor-oughly investigate the attacks on our electoral system by elements of the Russian Government during the lead up to our 2016 general election. How such an investigation can be a cause of controversy is beyond me. Surely, we all recognize it is essential to under-stand this new form of foreign aggres-sion so that we might better defend America against such attacks in the future; right? One would think there would be unanimous national resolve to get to the bottom of such aggression from an enemy or foreign power, especially a foreign power with whom we spent much of the second half of the 20th cen-tury locked in a global ideological struggle, especially when in their re-newed aggression toward us, they have targeted the institution we have and they don’t—free and fair elections. Vladimir Putin knows he could not defeat us on the battlefield, and he knows the ideas at the center of his former empire were soulless and bank-rupt. He wants to rob us of what makes the United States superior to his au-tocracy. His goal is to turn us against ourselves and, in doing so, to try to de-stroy our democracy. This is a matter of grave national importance. This is not a moment for our national leadership to be weak or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.012 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6945 November 14, 2018 
irresolute or compromised in any way. Some of us in Washington have seemed strangely incurious about just what the Russian malefactors did to Amer-ica in 2016 at the direction of Vladimir Putin. Our President has been so incurious that at times over the past 2 years he has been eager to accept Putin’s deni-als at face value. In fact, our executive branch has generally been in such a state of denial about the attacks on our democracy that the White House has not been aggressive at all in de-fending against future attacks. I defy any of us to name a threat so grave to which the government of the United States—that we, all of us, in-cluding this Senate—has responded so lackadaisically. Why is that? With the firing of the Attorney General and, in my view, the improper installation of an Acting Attorney General who has not been subject to confirmation by this body, the President now has this investigation in his sights, and we all know it. My purpose here is not to divine the President’s motives in his seeming de-termination to sow doubt about and curtail Mr. Mueller’s investigation. If, as the President says, there was no in-volvement by anyone in his campaign with the Russian malefactors, then this investigation—properly con-ducted—will discover and document that. Mr. Mueller has already brought doz-ens of indictments against Russian na-tionalists. It is in the national security interest of the United States to fully understand what they did to us in 2016. If the President doesn’t understand this, we must. If he doesn’t prioritize that, we will. We—all of us—talk much in this place about the defense of ‘‘all that we hold dear.’’ Those are the words we speak—‘‘all that we hold dear.’’ What do we actually mean when we say those words? Speaking personally, I can’t think of values held more dear than the independence of our judicial sys-tem and an electoral system free of malign influence, either foreign or do-mestic. When I think of the things we must hold dear, those things are right at the top of the list. It is our sworn oath to keep it that way. On one further note on this unani-mous consent request that has just failed today, Senator C
OONS and I are prepared to make it again and again until there is a vote on this vital bipar-tisan legislation on the Senate floor. I have informed the majority leader that I will not vote to advance any of the 21 judicial nominees pending in the Judi-ciary Committee or vote to confirm the 32 judges awaiting confirmation on the Senate floor until S. 2644 is brought to the full Senate for a vote. Mr. President, I yield to the Senator from Delaware. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, first, I want to thank my colleague and my friend, Mr. FLAKE , the Senator from Arizona, for joining me today in calling for action on a balanced bipartisan bill to uphold the rule of law, to avoid a constitutional crisis, and to secure the ongoing position of Special Counsel Robert Mueller, as he moves to com-plete his investigation. This is a critical moment. Just a week ago today, President Trump forced the resignation of his Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, and effectively stripped Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein of his authority to super-vise the ongoing investigation by Rob-ert Mueller—an investigation which, I will remind you, just the same day he forced Attorney General Sessions’ res-ignation, the President attacked pub-licly as a hoax and a witch hunt. Let’s take a step back to remember the bigger picture here. Robert Mueller—a career Federal law enforce-ment leader, a decorated combat vet-eran, a lifelong Republican—is leading an investigation into a foreign adver-sary’s attack on our last election. This isn’t about relitigating that election. It isn’t about partisan poli-tics. It is about protecting our democ-racy. As my colleague Senator F
LAKE  said, it is about protecting what de-fines us as a democracy. Yet our Presi-dent is now in a position easily to interfere with or even end the Mueller investigation. Compounding that threat is the person who has been ap-pointed as the Acting Attorney Gen-eral, Matthew Whitaker. I have separate concerns about Mr. Whitaker’s novel legal theories well outside the mainstream, about whether his experience makes him an appro-priate person to be Acting Attorney General, whether his appointment is consistent with the Constitution and Federal law, but I will leave those con-cerns for another day. At the moment, I think Mr. Whitaker’s comments about the Mueller investigation made a year ago make him a clear and present danger to the independence of the spe-cial counsel. In an editorial last year, Mr. Whitaker argued that Mueller is ‘‘dan-gerously close to crossing’’ a redline, following reports saying he was look-ing into the President’s finances. He said that without any examination of the facts or evidence. He said that if the investigation goes too far, then— and he openly pondered ways—an At-torney General could reduce special counsel Mueller’s budget ‘‘so low that his investigation grinds almost to a halt.’’ For these reasons and others, I think Mr. Whitaker should recuse himself from overseeing the Mueller investiga-tion, and we cannot wait for that ac-tion. We have asked our colleagues today to take a simple yet critical step to protect the special counsel and fu-ture special counsels in future adminis-trations by supporting the bipartisan Special Counsel Independence and In-tegrity Act. This is a bill crafted by Senator G
RAHAM , Senator B OOKER , my-self, Senator TILLIS —a bipartisan bill that, with the support of Senator F
LAKE and the Chairman, Senator G
RASSLEY , passed the Judiciary Com-mittee in April by a strong bipartisan margin of 14 to 7. We had a hearing. We had a markup. We had a vote. It is ready for committee action. While I appreciate repeated assur-ances by the majority leader and many other Senators of the other party that it is not needed because they are con-fident the President will take no inap-propriate action to interfere with the ongoing investigation, why would we not take this simple preventive meas-ure? Given the President’s repeated ac-tions, given his repeated statements about the Mueller investigation, why pose this risk when a simple vote on the floor of the Senate could move this toward enactment? Let me be clear about what the bill does. It says that if the special counsel is removed, counsel has the oppor-tunity to challenge the removal in court. A panel of three Federal judges would have 2 weeks to hear and deter-mine whether the removal was based on good cause. If the panel doesn’t find good cause, the counsel would be rein-stated. It preserves staffing, docu-ments, and materials of the investiga-tion while that matter is pending for that brief period. The bottom line is this. The special counsel legislation we are urging today protects the integrity of this special counsel and future special counsels, something that Members of this body of both parties have repeatedly and publicly said we value. It strengthens the rule of law. It strengthens the prin-ciple that no one is above the law, and it ensures that we are not back on this floor trying to unravel an emerging constitutional crisis should the Presi-dent precipitously act or should Mat-thew Whitaker precipitously act to im-pede Special Counsel Mueller’s ongoing investigation. Let me close today by asking my col-leagues who are listening to consider the fundamental principles that form the basis of our democracy—free and fair elections, respect for the rule of law, strong independent institutions that deliver justice impartially and transparently. It is because of these principles, en-shrined in our founding documents, that the United States has grown from a fledgling experiment—at that time on the very fringes of world civiliza-tion—to a strong, vibrant, and inclu-sive nation that is a beacon for the world and the most sustained and greatest democracy in the history of the world. We cannot take these principles and we cannot take the institutions of our democracy for granted. They don’t pro-tect themselves. Every now and then, when founding principles are threat-ened, we have to demand elected offi-cials put aside disagreements and come together to defend them. This is one such moment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.014 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6946 November 14, 2018 
I am grateful to my colleague from Arizona for his statement and his lead-ership today. I am confident that if given the opportunity to come for a vote, this bill would get at least 60 votes, having spoken to colleagues on both sides of the aisle yesterday and today. I am puzzled as to why there are leaders in this body who continue to have great confidence given the Presi-dent’s statements and actions. I think the time for action has long since passed. We should have taken that action today. I will continue to work tirelessly with my colleague from Arizona until we secure passage of this bill. With that, I yield the floor to my col-league and cosponsor, the Senator from New Jersey. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, first of all, I want to give gratitude to both of the Senators who spoke before me, my friend Senator C
OONS and my friend Senator J
EFF FLAKE . I want to espe-cially thank J
EFFFLAKE for his will-ingness not just to lead with words but to make a commitment on the Senate floor that he will not be voting on judi-cial appointments until this is brought to a vote. Senator F
LAKE and Senator C OONS  have said pretty much all of what I was going to say. Perhaps just very suc-cinctly and very candidly, I want to re-iterate this moment we are in and the gravity of the moment we are in. This bill is not a partisan piece of legisla-tion. It comes from a bipartisan effort. It started many months ago, when Sen-ator G
RAHAM and I started talking and Senator T
ILLIS and Senator C OONS  started talking many months ago, not just for this moment in history but also understanding that we have a flaw in our system that does not have an ap-propriate check and balance on a Presi-dential power that can put them in a position where they are not subject to the laws of our land. This Special Counsel and Independ-ence Integrity Act came from a bipar-tisan effort to try to make sure that we have appropriate checks and bal-ances to prevent a constitutional cri-sis. It is actually a forward-thinking bill, understanding that we should not be reactive in the cause of our democ-racy but proactive in preventing and securing the great Nation and our laws and our rules that we all cherish. We see a bipartisan bill worked on, crafted, compromised, brought to com-mittee, be voted out of committee, and languish now without a vote, and I agree with Senator C
OONS that it would get more than 60 votes and would pro-vide a reasonable check and balance. This is a bill that is important for his-tory, but the urgency of this moment Senator C
OONS has already gone over. We now have the firing of Jeff Ses-sions, and Jeff Sessions was said to be fired by a President who literally said: ‘‘I would not have hired you if I thought you were going to recuse your-self.’’ He was replaced with a person— and Senator COONS has read the quotes—who talked about this inves-tigation and what he would like to do. He called it a witch hunt, and he com-promised himself now in the position he is in. The idea that the integrity of this investigation and the idea that the urgency of this investigation will con-tinue under his leadership are in ques-tion. That is why this bill is necessary. More than that, we are a nation that has been, is, and will be under attack. All of our intelligence agencies have a consensus on the conclusion that our democracy is under attack. We need to understand what hap-pened, what is happening, how to pre-vent it from happening again, and hold those people accountable. This investigation has led to numer-ous guilty pleas. This investigation has led to numerous indictments, and it should be able to run its course with-out interference. So I will conclude by saying that there is urgency in our country to up-hold an ideal and a principle that no one, not a Congress person, not a Sen-ator, not a mayor, not a Governor, not the President of the United States—no one in this country is above the law. There is ample evidence of this body taking reasonable, measured, bipar-tisan actions to make sure we have the balanced government that was de-signed and intended by our Founders. This is a reasonable, modest check and balance on Presidential power to en-sure that no one, including the Presi-dent of the United States, is above the law. I am deeply grateful for Senator C
OONS , Senator T ILLIS , Senator G RA-
HAM, and especially for the leadership shown right now by Senator F
LAKE in this important moment to avoid a con-stitutional crisis. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Delaware, Mr. C
OONS , and the Senator from New Jer-sey, Mr. B
OOKER , for doing this to-gether with us to make sure that we have this bipartisan piece of legislation here on the Senate floor. It is not unremarkable to have such a bipartisan piece of legislation pass out of the Judiciary Committee. We don’t have very many bipartisan pieces of legislation coming out of the Senate Judiciary Committee, but this one was—by a vote of 14 to 7, including the chairman of the committee. There is no reason it shouldn’t be brought to the floor. It was passed out of the Judiciary Committee on April 26. I should note that the Judiciary Committee has been busy sending things to the floor during the inter-vening time. In fact, since April 26, when this bill passed the Judiciary Committee, we have sent 49 nomina-tions through to the floor that we have voted on and confirmed here on the floor. Since that time, the floor actu-ally has voted on 50. There was one that was already in the queue. So on the floor, since this bill passed the Judiciary Committee, we have voted on 50 confirmations of the Presi-dent’s nominees. Many of these nomi-nees were blue-slipped in Democratic States; some, in Republican. We have been able to move on all of them. There is no reason we shouldn’t move on this vital piece of legislation to protect the special counsel. When the leader said in April that there was no move on the special coun-sel, nobody was being fired, nothing to worry about here—if that was the case then, that certainly is not the case now. Since then, the Attorney General has been fired, and the oversight for this investigation, which sat with the Deputy Attorney General, has been wrested from him and turned over to someone who has not received Senate confirmation, someone who has ex-pressed open hostility to the Mueller investigation. Does that not ring alarm bells around here? If that doesn’t, what will? Why are we so sanguine about this? This would provoke a constitu-tional crisis. Yet, when we have the op-portunity to pass legislation to protect the special counsel, which received a bipartisan vote in the Judiciary Com-mittee, we fail to bring it up on the Senate floor. Why? Why do we do this to protect a man, seemingly, who is so incurious about what Russia did during the 2016 elec-tions? Why do we do that? Do we have no more institutional pride here? Don’t we more jealously guard our prerogative as Senators than to simply let this go? What will it take? I am prepared—and I know that the Senator from Delaware is, as well—to bring this up again. We will bring it up again until we can get a vote on the Senate floor. I hope in the next few days and in the coming weeks that the public will rise up and say that this needs to be done. A bipartisan piece of legislation that has passed the Judiciary Committee ought to be brought to the Senate floor for a vote. We are not saying that it has to pass, although we think it will; for sure it will. It has overwhelming support. We are just saying: Bring it to a vote; bring it to a vote. Until we do, the 21 nominations that are in the Ju-diciary Committee waiting for a vote there will not receive a vote, nor will I give my vote to the 32 nominations that are sitting here on the Senate floor. This is important. This should be a priority. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I thank the Senator from Dela-ware, and I will yield to him. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I will just conclude by saying that I could not agree more with the comments of the Senator from Arizona, my friend and colleague. There come moments when we should step up and defend the prerogatives and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.015 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6947 November 14, 2018 
the role of this body. This is one of them. I understand it may annoy, it may displease the President for there to be a speed bump put in the way of interference with the special counsel. But this isn’t just about the current special counsel; this is about taking Department of Justice regulations and making them statute. This is about providing a small modicum of protec-tion for the groundless removal of a special counsel. This is something that, as my col-league has said, deserves prompt atten-tion on the floor. We have a few weeks between now and the end of this Con-gress, time when we could be taking up and confirming nominees, time when we could be taking up and moving other pieces of legislation, but you have heard a very clear position by my colleague that we won’t be moving for-ward nominees in the Judiciary Com-mittee, and if just one more colleague joins him, we might well begin to pre-vent nominations from moving on the floor as well. To what end? Simply to get a vote on the floor. Simply to get an opportunity to be heard and for there to be a vote taken on this impor-tant piece of bipartisan legislation. I am grateful to my colleague for his work on this and for his stand today, and I look forward to continuing to work tirelessly with him on it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING CLAIBORNE PELL  
Mr. REED. Mr. President, next week will mark what would have been the 100th birthday of my predecessor, Sen-ator Claiborne de Borda Pell, who was born on November 22, 1918. This year, appropriately enough, the date falls on Thanksgiving. We lost Senator Pell nearly 9 years ago after a long struggle with Parkin-son’s disease, which robbed him of his mobility but not his spirit. He was sus-tained by the love of his wonderful family, especially his beloved wife, the late Nuala Pell. A person who dedicated his life to selfless service to Rhode Island and the Nation, Senator Pell would not want a showy commemoration of his cen-tenary. He was not one to seek the limelight. Moreover, for him, his birth-day—November 22—became a somber day for remembrance and mourning the loss of his dear friend, President John F. Kennedy. But at a time when differences seem more striking than our common cause and when there is a question of wheth-er America’s role in the world commu-nity should be guided solely by nar-rowly defined self-interest or by our democratic ideals, it is helpful for us to recall the example and standard Sen-ator Pell set—both his accomplish-ments and the civility he maintained throughout his career. He was born into a family of great wealth and privilege, yet Claiborne Pell never exhibited a sense of entitle-ment. At a defining moment in the his-tory of our country and a defining mo-ment in his life, Claiborne Pell dem-onstrated that privilege and wealth was not a way to avoid the rigors of life. Rather, for him, they offered the opportunity and responsibility to meet the challenges of the times with vigor and wisdom and optimism. As World War II approached, Clai-borne Pell, with family connections, poor eyesight, and a high draft number, could have easily secured a sinecure, a safe posting to ride out the war. In-stead, before Pearl Harbor, he decided on his own to enlist in the Coast Guard and eventually sailed the dangerous North Atlantic convoy runs. Signifi-cantly, Claiborne chose to enlist not as an officer but as a seaman so that he could get a chance at sea duty. The complete lack of regard for sta-tus or pretense, which he showed in his World War II service, would continue to mark his public service and endear him to generations of Rhode Islanders. For 36 years, Claiborne Pell did not simply represent Rhode Island in the U.S. Senate; he represented the ideal of what a public servant should be. He said that his motto or statement of purpose was to ‘‘translate ideas into action and help people.’’ And that is what he did. One hundred years after his birth and 58 years after his first election to the Senate, millions of Americans continued to be helped by his ideas translated into action. He believed that government had a critical role in providing opportunity, particularly the opportunity for a good education for every American, and he knew that there were unbounded hori-zons for the initiative, invention, and innovation of these well-educated sons and daughters of America. Truly, they would continue and enhance the great endeavor that is America. He authored the legislation that es-tablished the Basic Education Oppor-tunity grant, now known as the Pell grant. Today, roughly 7.5 million stu-dents rely on Pell grants to help pay for college. He wrote the legislation that created the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities. To this day, these agen-cies support artistic, educational, and cultural programming in communities large and small across the Nation, ful-filling Senator Pell’s commitment to strengthening and preserving our na-tional cultural heritage for all Ameri-cans. He led the effort to establish the In-stitute of Museum and Library Serv-ices, helping libraries and museums across the Nation transform their com-munities through access to informa-tion and opportunities for lifelong learning. According to the Institute, people visited libraries over 1.3 billion times in 2015, and 55 million student groups visit museums each year. The vision he articulated in the early 1960s for high-quality passenger rail service connecting the major popu-lation centers on the east coast into a megalopolis led to the creation of Am-trak and the Northeast Corridor. Dec-ades later, it is interesting to see not only how much of his vision has been achieved but also how much of his vi-sion is now reflected in ideas like Elon Musk’s ‘‘hyperloop.’’ Touched by the death of two mem-bers of his staff who were killed by drunk drivers, Senator Pell authored the first Federal anti-drunk driving bill in 1976—4 years before the founding of advocacy group MADD, Mothers Against Drunk Driving. Senator Pell’s legislation became the model for Fed-eral policy efforts to combat impaired driving by giving the States strong in-centives to toughen their laws. Senator Pell was also deeply com-mitted to America’s role in securing world peace. His notion of a powerful America leading the world—not stand-ing apart from it—and his notion that our values, our system, and our com-mitment to human decency would pre-vail in the face of totalitarianism were wisdom of the ages. In his service on the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, he espoused those views, seek-ing to remind us that our destiny would take us far beyond what simply a military operation or our economic power might because of our ideals and commitment to creating a world com-munity. Senator Pell’s approach to legis-lating was unfailingly kind and civil. In his farewell speech to the Senate, he laid out his guiding rules. In his words: ‘‘First, never respond to an adversary in ad hominem terms.’’ In his six campaigns for the U.S. Sen-ate, Claiborne Pell never ran a nega-tive ad or attacked his opponent per-sonally. Rhode Islanders rewarded him with an average vote of more than 60 percent for each of his elections. ‘‘Second, always let the other fellow have your way.’’ For Senator Pell, winning an ally to achieve a legislative victory was more valuable than getting exclusive credit. ‘‘Third, sometimes half a loaf can feed an army.’’ He lived by those rules, but he feared that our politics and our media were pulling us in the opposite direction. That is why he used his farewell speech to urge us to stay true to a practice of politics worthy of our Democratic tra-dition, saying: 
If I could have one wish for the future of our country in the new millennium, it would be that we not abandon the traditional norms of behavior that are the underpinning of our democratic system. Comity and civility, transcending dif-ferences of party and ideology, have always 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.016 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6948 November 14, 2018 
been crucial elements in making Govern-ment an effective and constructive instru-ment of public will. But in times such as these, when there is fundamental disagree-ment about the role of Government, it is all the more essential that we preserve the spir-it of civil discourse. 
Those words ring very true and rel-evant today as they did when he gave them in his farewell address. Following in Senator Pell’s footsteps, I am one who is in awe of his presence and accomplishments and feel a deep responsibility to continuing his legacy. He forged an enduring bond with the people of Rhode Island. He put ideas into action to help people. He was al-ways civil and ready to find common ground. As we celebrate Senator Pell’s 100th birthday, let’s take inspiration from his spirit of service and collegiality. Let’s translate ideas into action and help people. Mr. President, I know my colleague Senator W
HITEHOUSE is here. Mr. W
HITEHOUSE is someone who knew Sen-ator Pell well, and he continues in the image and spirit of Senator Pell by being someone who brings his great talents and skills to serve the people of Rhode Island and the Nation with dig-nity, civility, and great energy. With that, Mr. President, I would like to yield to my colleague Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, let me begin by thanking my senior Senator, J
ACKREED, for calling us to the floor to reflect and memorialize a truly splendid Senator who represented the State of Rhode Island, our friend and a great Rhode Islander, Claiborne Pell. I think my senior colleague has done an exemplary job of following in Sen-ator Pell’s footsteps of decency, civil-ity, and quiet determination in the seat that Senator Pell once held. I can-not claim to hold the seat the Senator once held, but I can claim to have the desk at which Senator Pell once sat. If you look here right under where it says ‘‘Pastore’’—a Rhode Island Senator—in carved letters, you see in very small letters ‘‘P-e-l-l’’ and then ‘‘R.I.’’—like anybody needed to know that Clai-borne Pell was from Rhode Island. Claiborne Pell was very important in my political life. He spent years—in fact, decades—refusing to get involved in primaries. ‘‘It is up to the party,’’ he would say. When I ran for attorney general the first time I ran for elected office, I was in a three-way primary, and Claiborne Pell, for the first time in his career, endorsed me in that pri-mary. He more than endorsed me; we went to a little park near his house in Newport, and he allowed me to film myself walking with him and con-versing with him for my first commer-cial. Well, you can imagine, in a State like Rhode Island, when a legend like Claiborne Pell in the Democratic Party suddenly appears in your commercial in a primary—let me just say it was not a good day for my primary oppo-nents. It was incredibly generous of Claiborne Pell to break a multidecade tradition on primaries in order to launch my first political effort, and I hope I have conducted myself since then in such a way that I never gave him or his family cause to regret it. As Senator REEDpointed out, one of the significant lessons from Claiborne Pell’s career here in the Senate—and it is one that I think of all the time—was that he looked beyond the scrum of the moment. There is always something going on here in the Senate. There is always some fight or some issue that is on the front page of the Washington Post and on the news channels. That is always, always, always going on, and that bright, shiny object very often at-tracts an enormous amount of atten-tion in this body. I suspect that Sen-ator Pell paid less attention to that daily scrum than almost anybody who has served in the Senate. He had a much more patient soul and steadily and quietly and modestly worked away at his priorities. He used to make fun of himself for his interest in ‘‘choo-choos.’’ He would say ‘‘choo-choo.’’ Well, we have Am-trak in large part because of Senator Claiborne Pell’s work. The Pell grant is named after him because of persistent leadership making sure that such a grant existed. Over years of work, he finally got it done. It was ultimately named for him, and it remains today an important part of how many young people here in the United States actu-ally get to college and move toward their dreams. He fought for years to create the Na-tional Endowment for the Arts and Na-tional Endowment for the Humanities, and those institutions still exist. They are still doing great work today. In Rhode Island, we are very proud of Sea Grant. Sea Grant has programs in all of our coastal States. Sea Grant was the invention of Claiborne Pell and Dean John Knauss, later dean of the Graduate School of Oceanography at the University of Rhode Island. When you look back and think of who the Senators were at the time that Claiborne Pell served, you can go through all these desk drawers that I showed you, and there are lots of names of Senators. Many of them are ones you never heard of. They were cer-tainly important in their day, but their day is done and their names are no longer remembered. Senator Pell is re-membered. He left lasting legacies like those, and he did it by quietly and pa-tiently sticking with his priorities, which he knew were Rhode Island’s pri-orities and America’s priorities. He might not have been on the talk shows as much as other Senators. He might not have been quoted on the front page of the Washington Post as much as other Senators. He was not as attentive to the daily scrum of Washington con-flict. But, my goodness, when you look back at the legacy that he left that still operates today, it is hard to find somebody of his era whose footprint is larger than that of this shy, quiet, pa-tient, civil, and persistent man. I would add to Senator REED’s com-ments about Claiborne Pell’s philos-ophy a statement that he made to me that he made quite often. He said: 
One of the things that you must learn in politics, Sheldon, is how to let the other fel-low have it your way. Always let the other fellow have it your way. 
What does it mean to always let the other fellow have it your way? What I take from that is that it means you have to stand by your principles. You have to achieve the goals you have set out for yourself and for your constitu-ents, but on the way to getting there, if you can give others credit, if you can let other ideas join yours, if you can let other people have it your way, you are more likely to succeed. To this day, I still repeat that quote to new hires in my office. The picture of Claiborne Pell that he signed for me is still right there on my bookcase, and I see it every time I sit in the chair in my office. He was a re-markable and special individual. He was not your standard-issue U.S. Sen-ator. The particular way he chose to go about his duties has left a larger foot-print than most of his colleagues were able to leave. I will end with a story about one of my final memories. Senator Pell was out of the Senate. His illness had caught up with him to the point where he was barely able to speak any longer. His friend Ted Kennedy, who sat in this space right here—at a different desk but right here at this spot on the Sen-ate floor—was sailing through Rhode Island, and he called up Senator Pell, and he said: I would like to take you out on my boat. So it was arranged that Senator Pell would go out on his sailboat. That required getting a wheelchair onto a sailboat, over the tippy docks that Senator Kennedy’s boat pulled up to. Sure enough, we all grabbed a piece of the wheelchair and hoisted it up and stepped over into the boat and set his wheelchair down in the cockpit of the boat. Senator Kennedy started up the motor and drove it off down into Newport Harbor and then shut off the motor and put up the sails. As the wind caught the sails, the boat heeled over, and this old coastguards-man, Claiborne Pell, smiled a smile that I will never forget as the wind took the boat and we began to move out into Narragansett Bay. The only other thing that was really fun about that was, because Senator Pell could barely speak any longer, he was actually a perfect fit for Senator Kennedy, who could basically not stop talking. There was this wonderful con-versation with Teddy Kennedy and Claiborne Pell wherein Teddy Kennedy did all the talking for the both of them, and they both had a lovely time. They reflected on decades of friendship and service here. It was a real privilege to have a chance as a very new Senator to share that moment with those two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.018 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6949 November 14, 2018 
very different but mutually beloved lions of the Senate. I particularly thank my distin-guished senior colleague for organizing our chance to come here and reflect on our friend Claiborne Pell. I think no-body better than he carries on the Pell tradition. I thank Senator R
EED. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. I again want to thank my colleague Senator W
HITEHOUSE for his very eloquent words about a great American, Claiborne Pell. Just a final comment. If you ever want to feel truly beloved, embraced by constituents, respected and admired, do what I did several times—march in a parade with Claiborne Pell and pre-tend they cheer for you. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COAST GUARD REAUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I know the perception out there is often that bipartisanship is dead, but the bill we passed this afternoon, the Coast Guard Authorization Act, is a good reminder that we can still come together and get things done for the American people. The bill we just passed overwhelm-ingly, which is headed to the Presi-dent’s desk, has been negotiated for al-most 2 years. Portions of this bill have been discussed for over a decade. It is good to see Senators and Representa-tives of both parties come together in compromise on such an important piece of legislation. We celebrated Veterans Day earlier this week. As always, it was a powerful reminder of everything we owe to the men and women who keep us safe, like the men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard. This key branch of the military is responsible for defending our Na-tion’s waters. The men and women of the Coast Guard stand on the frontlines preventing dangerous drugs, weapons, and individuals from entering our country by sea. When disaster strikes in the form of storms and hurri-canes, the Coast Guard is on the scene conducting search and rescue and car-rying people to safety. We owe the men and women of the Coast Guard a tre-mendous debt of gratitude. We owe it to the American people to ensure that our Nation’s coastguardsmen have the tools and resources they need to carry out their mission. This bill will improve maritime safe-ty, security, and stewardship. It gives the Coast Guard the authority it needs to conduct its military and law en-forcement missions and authorizes the equipment it needs to react to national emergencies. The bill also creates uniform na-tional ballast water and discharge standards for commercial vehicles that give industry certainty while ensuring the protection of our environment. It also reauthorizes the Federal Maritime Commission and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s hy-drographic services. As chairman of the Commerce Com-mittee, I have been honored to work with dedicated committee members of both parties. I would like to personally thank the members of our committee for all their hard work this Congress. Special thanks on this bill go to Sen-ator NELSON , the committee’s ranking member; Senators S
ULLIVAN and B ALD-
WIN, the chairman and ranking member of our Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard Subcommittee; and to Senators F
ISCHER and P ETERS , chair-man and ranking member of our Sur-face Transportation Subcommittee. I would also like to thank Chairman B
ARRASSO and Ranking Member C AR-
PERfrom the Environment and Public Works Committee and Chairman S
HU-
STER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO of the House Transportation and Infra-structure Committee. They have been great partners. I appreciate everything they have done to help get this bill across the finish line. Finally, I would like to thank all the staff from both Chambers who worked tirelessly—including many late nights and weekends—on this bill. Without their efforts, the final product would not have been such a success. While ev-eryone on the team worked hard on the bill, on my staff, I would like to espe-cially thank Nick Rossi, Adrian Arnakis, Fern Gibbons, Jason Smith, Patrick Fuchs, Andrew Neely, Chance Costello, Alison Graab, Frederick Hill, and Brianna Manzelli. On Senator N
ELSON ’s staff, thanks go to Kim Lipsky, Jeff Lewis, Devon Barnhart, Sarah Gonzales-Rothi, and Catherine Carabine. From the Environment and Public Works Committee, I want to thank Richard Russell, Elizabeth Horner, Mary Frances Repko, Andrew Rogers, Christophe Tulou, and Zach Pilchen. I also would like to place in the R
ECORD the names of the staffers from our partner committees in the House who played key roles in this important legislation. On Chairman S
HUSTER ’s staff, the individuals who should be thanked include Chris Vieson, Geoff Gosselin, John Rayfield, Bonnie Bruce, Luke Preston, and Cameron Humphrey. From Ranking Member D
EFAZIO’s staff, thanks goes to Kathy Dedrick and Dave Jansen. I am sure I have left someone off this list, and for that, I apologize. It under-scores the amount of collective effort that went into our work here. I could also easily expand the list to include those at the Coast Guard and at the Environmental Protection Agen-cy who provided valuable assistance and technical expertise. We look for-ward to working with them on the im-plementation of this bill. As I said earlier, the Coast Guard re-authorization that we just passed is a reminder that we can work together and get things done for the American people. It is a timely reminder given the election. Last week, the American people elected a Democratic majority to the House of Representatives and re-elected a Republican majority to the Senate. If we are going to get things done in the new Congress, we are going to need to work together. Here in the Senate, we have spent the past 2 years working on an agenda to expand opportunities for working fami-lies and to put more money in Ameri-cans’ pockets. We have also worked hard to ensure that those who keep our Nation safe have all the tools and re-sources they need. We are going to con-tinue that agenda in the lameduck ses-sion and in the new Congress. I really hope Democrats will join us. We can work together to grow our economy, lift up working families, and protect our Nation, but it is going to require Democrats to make a choice. Democrats have spent most of the past 2 years attempting to relitigate the 2016 election. Losing elections is a fact of life in a democracy, but Demo-crats just haven’t seemed to be able to let this one go. Over the past 2 years, they have focused most of their energy on knee-jerk opposition to anything Republicans or the President propose, even when they have agreed with us. They routinely delayed confirmation of the President’s nominees—not just the ones they didn’t like but the ones they ended up supporting. They refused to work with Republicans on an overhaul of our Nation’s burdensome, outdated Tax Code even though Democrats sup-ported many of the measures that ended up in the final bill. Obviously, there are going to be times when the right thing to do as a Member of Con-gress is to oppose. We have a responsi-bility to say no when we think a bill or nominee would profoundly damage the country. But that is not what Demo-crats have done. Too many of them have made opposition not a tool to be deployed when needed but their stand-ard operating procedure. I say again, Democrats have a choice. They can continue down the path of partisanship and opposition, or they can decide to start afresh and to work with Republicans. I hope they choose the latter. I look forward to working with my Democratic colleagues in this new Con-gress on the priorities that the Amer-ican people sent us here to work on—to make our economy stronger, to grow at a faster rate, to create better paying jobs, to raise wages in this country, and to give future generations of Amer-icans more opportunities at a higher standard of living and a better quality of life. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.019 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6950 November 14, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, it is hard, particularly for those of us from coastal States, to overstate the importance of the Earth’s oceans as a storehouse of our food, as a regulator of our climate, as a highway for our travel and trade, and as a source of wonder, joy, and recreation. According to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, oceans contributed $1.5 trillion to the global economy in 2010. But climate change is putting this all at risk. I have spoken frequently here on the floor about the threat climate change poses to our oceans and of the warning signals blaring around the world. One of the most overlooked of those signals is the enormous amount of heat accu-mulating in the oceans. As CBS News reported last week, ‘‘re-cent revelations have been particularly alarming’’ and ‘‘deserv[ing] of a big neon sign on Broadway.’’ My humble floor speeches may not be a big neon sign on Broadway, but I do hope they shine a little light on the plight of our oceans, which ultimately is our human plight. We know that more than 90 percent of the excess heat trapped by our greenhouse gas emissions has been ab-sorbed by the oceans—no dispute, not even by the Trump administration. The Federal Government’s ‘‘2017 Climate Science Special Report,’’ a multi-agency report by experts from NOAA, NASA, and the Department of Energy, labeled as ‘‘the United States’ most de-finitive statement on climate change science’’ by the New York Times, found that the oceans absorbed more than 9 zettajoules of heat energy per year. What is a zettajoule? A zettajoule is a billion trillion joules. A joule is a measure of heat energy, J-O-U-L-E. So 9 zettajoules is 9 billion trillion joules. That is more than 12 times the total energy that human beings use globally each year, just to put a scale on what 9 billion trillion joules is. To get another measure of how much energy that is, visualize the power of a detonated Hiroshima-style atomic bomb. Imagine its classic mushroom cloud erupting into the sky. Imagine all of that energy from a Hiroshima- style atomic bomb captured as heat— pure heat. Now imagine four Hiroshima-sized atomic bombs exploded every second— every second. That is the equivalent of the excess heat going into our oceans because of climate change, because of our carbon emissions. More than four atomic bombs’ worth of excess heat en-ergy is being absorbed by the oceans every second of every day of every year. That is a massive amount of heat energy, and adding it to the oceans has consequences. The most direct consequence of all that energy being pumped into the seas obviously is increased water tempera-tures. Global average ocean surface temperature is up around 0.8 degrees Celsius, or 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit, since preindustrial times. That is enough to throw off the delicate bal-ance of ocean conditions that marine creatures rely on to survive. Within that global ocean warming are extreme ocean temperature spikes around the world. These marine heat waves in the ocean were first identified and charac-terized in 2011. This is a newly de-scribed phenomenon that climate change has brought to our seas. Although marine heat waves were first identified and characterized in 2011, they have already caused perma-nent damage in our oceans. The Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral reef in the world. It stretches for 1,400 miles off Northeastern Australia, and it is one of the seven natural wonders of the world. It is made up of corals—corals that can become heat stressed and evict the tiny algae that support corals and give corals their bright colors. Without the algae, the corals appear white, so these events are called coral bleaching. In the summer of 2016, the Great Bar-rier Reef was hit by the most severe marine heat wave on record. It caused the longest and worst mass coral bleaching event in history. Then an-other heat wave and bleaching oc-curred the next year, in 2017. These un-precedented back-to-back bleaching events killed half of all corals in the Great Barrier Reef. If there is a wonder of the world, if there is a majestic fea-ture of God’s creation, it is the Great Barrier Reef, and we are busily wreck-ing it in this generation through car-bon emissions. The prognosis for the rest of the world’s coral reefs is grim. The U.N. International Panel on Climate Change released a report last month, finding that coral reefs will all but disappear from Earth if we warm by 2 degrees Celsius—which, by the way, is the goal we are trying to stay under through the Paris accord. Even if we stay under that goal, corals will suffer immensely. Without any changes to our fossil fuel consumption, we are on track to blow by 2 degrees and hit 3 degrees Celsius of global warming by 2100, making corals virtually extinct. Warming oceans are wreaking havoc on the world’s fisheries. Fish feed the world and power coastal economies. The World Health Organization says that fish are the main source of protein for around 1 billion people worldwide. The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organi-zation estimates that 60 million people are employed in fisheries and agri-culture. Across the globe and here at home we are seeing dangerous shifts affecting the fishing industry. Rhode Island once had a booming lobster industry. But the lobster population is shifting north as our waters warm, leaving Rhode Is-land lobster traps empty. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion reports, ‘‘The lobster industry in New York and southern New England has nearly collapsed.’’ Maine, as Sen-ator ANGUS KINGhas pointed out, is temporarily benefiting from the north-ern movement of lobster, but the lob-ster will keep moving north into Can-ada as the oceans continue to warm. Rhode Islanders and other New Eng-land fishermen are also looking wor-riedly at declining shellfish popu-lations. Total landings for eastern oys-ters, northern quahogs, softshell clams, and northern bay scallops declined 85 percent between 1980 and 2010. The Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration identified warming ocean temperatures as the key driver for that decline. On the other side of that de-cline, of course, are the livelihoods of all the men and women in that indus-try. The accumulating heat energy in our seas is also causing them to rise. As water warms, it expands. This thermal expansion is responsible for around one-third of the rise we have measured in sea levels. The rest comes mostly from melting ice, again, thanks to cli-mate change. Global sea level has al-ready risen over eight inches on aver-age in the past 100 years—more in cer-tain locations—and the rate of increase is accelerating. Warming and expanding waters eat away at the large ice sheets in the Ant-arctic. As the edges melt away, the gla-ciers behind them melt more quickly, adding additional water to the ocean. The IPCC warns that as the world reaches warming levels of 1.5 to 2 de-grees Celsius—again, what we are try-ing to stay at; this is our target. This isn’t if it is worse. At that 1.5 to 2 de-grees Celsius, ice sheet melt could trig-ger multiple meters of sea level rise over time—meters, not inches. We are already 1 degree Celsius above preindustrial times, so there is not much room for maneuver between where we are and 1.5 to 2 degrees. Warmer seas also supercharge storms. Hurricanes gain strength from heat energy in the oceans below them. Warmer oceans also evaporate more water to the atmosphere, generating more rainfall. Stronger and wetter storms then ride ashore on higher sea levels, pushing larger storm surges ahead of them into our coastal States. Many of us remember the devasta-tion Superstorm Sandy brought to the mid-Atlantic and southern New Eng-land States in 2012. Here is what Dr. Michael Mann, professor of atmos-pheric science and director of the Earth System Science Center at Penn-sylvania State University, said about that storm: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.020 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6951 November 14, 2018 
Sea level rise adds to the storm surge of every single storm that makes landfall. In the case of Superstorm Sandy, in 2012, it added a foot to that 13-foot storm surge. One foot . . . meant 25 more square miles of coastal flooding. It meant several billion dol-lars worth of additional damage. 
At one point during this year’s hurri-cane season, our tropics faced nine ac-tive tropical storms. The hallmarks of these warm, ocean-fueled storms can be seen in powerful hurricanes that hit United States territories in recent years. Hurricane Harvey hit Houston; Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands; Super Typhoon Yutu hit the Northern Marianas, Hurri-cane Florence hit in the Carolinas, and Hurricane Michael hit in Florida. No one storm can be blamed wholly on climate change, but scientists are increasingly able to link the increas-ingly dangerous level of storm damage to climate change, and we have had an eerie streak of record-setting storms in the past few years. Hurricane Harvey was the single greatest downpour in U.S. history, according to the U.S. Ge-ological Survey. It dumped over 50 inches of rain on Houston and over 30 trillion gallons of water over Texas, Louisiana, Tennessee, and Kentucky. How much is 30 trillion gallons of water? For comparison, the Chesa-peake Bay holds around 18 trillion gal-lons of water. Basically, it dumped nearly two Chesapeake Bays onto those States. Harvey’s deluge was fueled by record warm temperatures in the Gulf of Mex-ico. Scientists from the University of California, Berkeley, found that Hurri-cane Harvey was over three times more likely to have occurred due to climate change and that its rainfall was in-creased by around 38 percent due to cli-mate change. Hurricane Florence intensified over water 1 to 2 degrees Celsius above aver-age and dumped record rainfall and flooding on the Carolinas in Sep-tember. Preliminary analysis suggests that Florence’s rainfall was more than 50 percent higher due to climate change. When Hurricane Michael hit Florida just last month, it passed over water 2 to 3 degrees Celsius warmer than aver-age. As it passed over these waters, Mi-chael’s winds increased by 80 miles per hour in just 48 hours, a phenomenon scientists refer to as ‘‘rapid intensifica-tion.’’ It became the strongest storm ever to make an October landfall in the United States. The direct link between sea tempera-ture and hurricane intensification is well established: Each degree Celsius of ocean warming causes a 7-percent in-crease in maximum wind speed, and a storm’s destructive potential increases by three times the wind speed increase. So how does that play through? To quote Professor Mann again: 
A 7 percent increase in wind speed is a 21 percent increase in the destructive potential of the storm. That is with one degree Celsius ocean warming. With Hurricane Michael, those temperatures were 2 to 3 degrees Cel-sius above preindustrial temperatures. If you do the math, that means it was probably twice as destructive as it would have been in the absence of human-caused warming. The result of the destructive power of Hurricane Michael was the almost complete demolition of the town of Mexico Beach, FL. Michael hit with 155 mile per hour winds and a storm surge of around 9 feet, completely demol-ishing 70 percent of homes and severely damaging many more. The degree of damage and the impos-ing costs of rebuilding mean that many Floridians simply will leave, and that is playing out across coastal prop-erties. A falloff of coastal property values will spread, many sources anticipate, as people see more events like the de-struction of Mexico Beach. Insurance companies, banks, and institutional property investors are already showing signs of anxiety in coastal commu-nities. Freddie Mac has described the effect of this property value crash on Amer-ica’s coastal regions as follows. Freddie Mac—the great housing powerhouse— has said: ‘‘The economic losses and so-cial disruption may happen gradually, but they are likely to be greater in total than those experienced in the housing crisis and Great Recession.’’ Any of us who lived through the 2008 mortgage meltdown should take that warning deadly seriously. It is not just Freddie Mac. Moody’s now rates coast-al municipalities’ bonds for this risk— Moody’s, Freddie Mac, Union of Con-cerned Scientists, the experience of coastal communities. It is all piling up, and yet we do nothing. I haven’t even talked about acidification. That is a separate speech—the chemical changes happening in the ocean, in addition to the physical changes of warming and rising. Set that aside, but it is just as dangerous. Despite these warnings just about ocean warming, Republican heads in Congress and in the White House seem determined to remain buried in the sand. I don’t know how many more storms need to hit us before we are willing to take meaningful action. Americans who live and work along our shores—Rhode Islanders and people who live in other coastal States—are the ones who are suffering the most from all of this, and they are the ones who will have to explain our delay. Those Americans are entitled to a voice, not just the lobbyists of the fos-sil fuel industry. We must protect our coasts for when the next storms batter their way ashore. This is getting worse, not better. We must take responsibility for the changes we are causing in the world’s oceans. We will not be forgiven for our indolence and disregard just because there is a big industry behind our indo-lence and disregard. Our oceans are warning us loudly, and they are warn-ing us clearly: It is time to wake up. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I have come to the floor for three dif-ferent reasons. Out of courtesy to the Democratic leader, who I see coming in, I will wait until he is here. Mr. SCHUMER. I am here. TENNESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Good. Mr. President, as the world knows, the country’s largest public utility is the Tennessee Valley Authority and serves 9 million customers in our seven-state region. It is enormously important to our State of Tennessee. Its CEO, Bill Johnson, announced today that he is leaving. I will have more to say about him later, but he and the Board of Directors have led TVA in an excellent direction, and it is now up to the Board of Directors to choose his successor. It is a big job. As I said, it is a $10 billion-a-year com-pany. John Ryder, of Memphis, was nomi-nated by President Trump 282 days ago to be one of those Directors. He has been approved by voice vote by the En-vironment and Public Works com-mittee. For the last 176 days, he has been waiting for confirmation. He has the approval of the ranking Democrat on the committee, the Senator from Delaware, Mr. C
ARPER . He has the ap-proval of the ranking Democrat on the subcommittee, Senator W
HITEHOUSE . It is time Mr. Ryder, who is consistently named one of the finest lawyers in Memphis—he has been recognized by Business Tennessee Magazine as among the 101 Best Lawyers in Tennessee and listed in Best Lawyers since 1987. In other words, he is a well-qualified, non-controversial nominee who is needed by the people of our region to select a successor to Bill Johnson, the CEO. The other nominees have been con-firmed. The nominee from Alabama was confirmed. The nominee from Ken-tucky was confirmed but not the nomi-nee from Tennessee. I am taking the step today of coming to the floor to ask that he be confirmed by consent. I can think of no reason why he would not be. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR NO . 856 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of executive calendar No. 856, the nomination of John Ryder to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority; that the Senate vote on the nomina-tion with no intervening action or de-bate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s actions; that no further motions be made in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there an objection? The Senator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Reserving the right to object. Very simply, there has to be some comity here. Republicans cannot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.023 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6952 November 14, 2018 
block Democratic nominees and then expect Republican nominees to go through, so I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. To my friend from New York, who is he talking about? He knows my record. I worked with him three times when President Obama was there, worked with him directly to make it easier for President Obama to have nominees. Let me go through that because I think it is important the people know the efforts we made together. In 2011, working with the Senator from New York, we got rid of secret holds. We permitted waiver of the 72-hour rule that was used to block nominations and delay. We created 272 expedited privilege nominations. In 2012, we eliminated Senate confirmations for 163 positions, all to make it easier for President Obama to make Presidential nominations. In 2013, we created some new rules which said that Executive nominees could only be debated post- cloture for 8 hours and district judges for 2 hours. I personally made sure the current chairman of the Democratic Party, Tom Perez, got cloture so the Senate could vote on him. I voted against him, but I made certain he could come to a vote. When President Obama had a va-cancy in the Department of Education in his last year, I went to President Obama and said: Mr. President, I think it is inappropriate for us not to have a confirmed Senate nominee in a prin-cipal position like U.S. Secretary of Education. If you will please nominate John King, with whom I disagree, I will make sure he is confirmed, and we con-firmed him. That has been my record in terms of dealing with nominees of the President of an opposite party. I ask through the Chair, why pick on Tennessee? Why confirm Kentucky nominees, why confirm Alabama nomi-nees, why work with me in three dif-ferent Congresses to make it easier for President Obama to confirm nominees, why applaud me for allowing the chair-man of the Democratic Party today to be confirmed as Secretary of Labor and then block a nominee for the Tennessee Valley Authority, who is eminently well-qualified, who is supported by the Democratic members of the committee who have jurisdiction and who is need-ed on the Board to pick a CEO for the millions of people in the seven-state re-gion? Why pick on Tennessee, I would say to my friend from New York through the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, we have to have some bipartisanship here. I understand my friend from Ten-nessee. He is my friend. I hope he would work with us to create bipar-tisan packages to get nominees through. That is not happening. We need to do it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I don’t know what he is talking about. I am the chairman of the Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee. I have, during my time, regu-larly confirmed Democratic nominees and Republican nominees. I have worked with the Democratic leader to make it easier for President Obama to confirm nominees and now he gives me no specific reason why he is objecting to the nominee from Tennessee. I ask him further—even though he has left the floor in what I would con-sider to be an act of discourtesy while I am speaking to him, and I mean that. I am very upset about this. I consider that an act of discourtesy when the Democratic leader leaves the floor while I am speaking directly to him through the Chair on a matter of im-portance to 9 million people in our area. I ask him what kind of precedent is he setting, the Democratic leader. Let’s think about this for a minute. One hundred and nineteen times the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , has had to file cloture to cut off debate in order to just get a vote on a nominee like Mr. Ryder, named one of the best lawyers in Tennessee since 1987, ap-proved by Democratic colleagues, need-ed by the Tennessee Valley Authority, certain to be confirmed here almost unanimously. One hundred and nine-teen times the Democratic opposition has required the Republican leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , to use a whole week to confirm a nominee. That hap-pened 12 times to President Obama. That happened four times to President George W. Bush. It happened 12 times to President Clinton and zero times to George H.W. Bush, whose administra-tion I served in. That is the number of cloture votes on nominees required for previous Presidents in the same time-frame as President Trump. What kind of precedent does this set? Let’s talk about that for a moment. This is a body of precedents. For many years, we always confirmed nominees with 51 votes. That was until George W. Bush became President of the United States and the Senator from New York, before he was a Democratic leader, and others, decided they would use a clo-ture vote, a requirement for 60 votes, to block George W. Bush’s nominees. That was the first time that it had happened. Up until that time, the tra-dition of this body was that while you could require 60 votes, at least since about 1920, no one ever did. Even Clar-ence Thomas—and that was a very con-troversial Supreme Court nomination— was confirmed by 52 to 48. No one thought at the time of requiring that his nomination require 60 votes. They could have but didn’t. So that was the tradition in the Senate—always nomi-nations by 51 votes. The one exception in the Supreme Court throughout the history of the Senate was Abe Fortas, under President Johnson, and that was an unusual situation. Never had a Fed-eral district judge been required to have 60 votes. In fact, what the Democratic leader— I wish he were here on the floor to hear this—may have forgotten is that Sen-ator MCCONNELL tried at one time to require a cloture vote of Judge McCon-nell in Rhode Island, and I and a num-ber of other Republicans objected be-cause we had never done that before. We had never said that you have to have 60 votes to be confirmed as a Fed-eral district judge. So we rejected that motion by the Republican leader, and as a result of that, never in the history of the Senate had we required 60 votes for a Federal district judge to be con-firmed. Never in the history of the Sen-ate had we required 60 votes for a Cabi-net member to be confirmed. But then in the early years of George W. Bush, in 2003, I had just come to the Senate. The Senator from New York and others said: Well, we will do that for the first time. We will block George W. Bush’s nominees. I don’t want to debate that back and forth today except to say that became a precedent. And, sure enough, what goes around comes around. A few years later, by 2013, things had gotten so that the Democrats decided to break the rules to change the rules and used the so-called nuclear option, and when Re-publicans did the same thing that the Senator from New York had done, Democrats overruled that and seated judges on the Court of Appeals. So as a result of the precedent set by the Senator from New York on judges with George W. Bush, we had the nu-clear option in the Senate, a using of that. Republicans then did what the Democrats did. That is what you call precedent. Well, it happened a second time. That first use of the nuclear option left it so you could require 60 votes in order to have a Supreme Court Justice. When President Trump nominated Neil Gorsuch to be a Supreme Court Justice, the Democrats filibustered Justice Gorsuch, an enormously well- qualified person. Remember, through-out the history of the country, we had not blocked a Supreme Court Justice by filibuster with that single exception of the Abe Fortas instance. Yet they did that. And as a result of that, the Republicans then said: Well, we will use the nuclear option and change the rules to 51. So that is what happened with the precedent. Now let’s look at this precedent. Are we going to block for 282 days—let me get my numbers exactly right; it is 176 days on the calendar awaiting con-firmation—a noncontroversial Board of Directors member for the Tennessee Valley Authority. That is what we have come to. So are we going to say, as the U.S. Senate minority, that we will effec-tively block—we will effectively block—those kinds of nominations and effectively keep an elected President from setting up a government? Is that what we are going to say? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.025 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6953 November 14, 2018 
It looks like that is what we are say-ing if you are going to say that 119 times the majority leader of the Senate of whichever party will have to invoke cloture. That means it takes 3 or 4 days to confirm even a noncontrover-sial Presidential nomination, when there are 1,200 such nominations. Let’s say we have a Democratic President one day and a Republican U.S. Senate, or a Republican President and a Democratic U.S. Senate. But let’s just for purposes of discussion, since we are talking about precedent, let’s say the Democrats make a big comeback and elect a Democratic President next time around. It is only 2 years before the Presidential elec-tion. And let’s say the Republicans stay in power and still have a majority in the Senate and Republicans say: Well, we are a body of precedent. We will do to the Democratic President exactly what the Senate did to President Trump. If Republicans are in the majority, the Democratic President might not even be able to staff the government because the Republicans could say: We will not confirm anybody. Or even if the Republicans were to be in the minority and there were a Democratic President and the Repub-lican minority did to the next Demo-cratic President what this minority is doing to this one, then 119 times you would see this happen, at least through the first part of the administration. So where does that leave us as a Gov-ernment of the United States? Well, here is where it would leave us. It would leave us with a government of the United States with the Senate hav-ing no role in the appointment of its principal officers. That is what it would leave, because there is on the books legislation called the Vacancies Act, which allows any President of the United States to appoint acting people to all of the positions in the govern-ment. They can serve for 210 days at least, and there are a wide variety of people who can be chosen for those po-sitions. They can be people who are confirmed or they can be senior people in the government. We happen to have an example of that today in the United States De-partment of Justice—Matthew Whitaker. The Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, whom I admire and all of us know, resigned at the request of the President. And instead of nominating or picking a Senate-confirmed suc-cessor as the Acting Attorney General of the United States, President Trump did, as the Vacancies Act allows him to do, appointed Matthew Whitaker, At-torney General Sessions’ Chief of Staff. I suppose a President could do that for every position. I mentioned earlier that toward the end of President Obama’s term, he had no Education Secretary. Arne Duncan had decided to leave, and they used the Vacancies Act to allow John King, who was not confirmed by the Senate, in ef-fect, to be the Acting Secretary of Edu-cation. As I said earlier, I had that conversa-tion with President Obama. I said: Mr. President, I believe that, institution-ally, we should have a Senate-con-firmed Secretary of Education. Even if I disagree, as I did, with John King’s education views, I will see to it that if you nominate him, he is confirmed. President Obama did that. He respected the importance of having institution-ally confirmed principal officers in the government, and then we confirmed him. So I don’t know where this is leading us. I think this is the same kind of dan-gerous precedent that was established when Democrats for the first time used a 60-vote opportunity to block Presi-dent George W. Bush’s judges, and what the Democrats then did—what most of them tell me they wish they hadn’t done—was that they used the nuclear option and required a 51-vote cloture. So now they can’t eventually block anyone, even John Ryder, if we all de-cide that we want to take a whole week to confirm him. That is what Senator M
CCONNELL has been doing. He has been putting a priority on district judges and on circuit judges, and the Democrats have been saying: We are going to slow you down. But you can’t win that way. All that happens is that the Senate gradually gives up its advise-and-consent author-ity under the Constitution to help the President form a government. That is one of the important parts of what we do in this government. The late Justice Scalia said: Every tin horn dictator has a bill of rights. What the United States has that is dif-ferent is checks and balances. One of the most important parts of that checks and balances is for the Senate to advise and consent on about 1,200 different Presidential nominees. That is why I worked with Senator S
CHUMER and other Democrats, like Senator Levin, and Republicans, like Senator McCain and Senator B
AR-
RASSO , and we took steps during the Obama administration three different times to reduce the number of Presi-dential nominees, to speed up Presi-dential nominees, and to put 272 of them at a privileged status so they could come through more rapidly. This goes in entirely the opposite di-rection, and it is a terrible precedent for this institution. So I am extremely disappointed. I am disappointed for John Ryder, who is a prominent lawyer, who thought he might get to be on the TVA Board and was nominated 282 days ago. I am disappointed for the people of Tennessee and the Tennessee Valley Authority region. There are millions of people who have had a very good Chief Executive Officer for the TVA for the last several years in Bill Johnson and now need a fully functioning Board of Directors to pick his successor, and yet the Democrats say: Even though we ap-prove of him, even though we have no reason not to confirm him, we are just going to slow the train down just be-cause we can. Well, if they can, someone else can later. That does not serve the people well. I don’t see any partisan political advantage to the Democrats for doing something like this. I never have thought that. I always thought that it was the right thing to do to let a Presi-dent staff his administration. If you don’t like the nominee, you can always vote no, but at least you can have a vote. So he is talking about bipartisan packages. This nominee has been wait-ing for a long, long time. So I am not through with this. I think this is some-thing that the people of Tennessee are going to be very disappointed about, and I would ask my friend from New York again: Why are you picking on Tennessee? Why would you confirm the Alabama nominee? Why would you con-firm the Kentucky nominee? And why would you not confirm the Tennessee nominee? Why would you make him swing in the wind for 176 days when ev-erybody approves of him—even the Democratic ranking member of the committee and Democratic ranking member of the subcommittee? Some-thing smells here, and it is a bad prece-dent for the Senate. It is not good for our country, and it is completely con-trary to the way that I have enjoyed working with the Senator from New York in 2011, 2012, 2013 to make it easi-er, then, for President Obama, but later for every President of the United States, to have his Presidential nomi-nees promptly considered by the Sen-ate and voted up or down. While I am on the subject of the Ten-nessee Valley Authority, I want to mention the fact that Bill Johnson, who has been the Chief Executive Offi-cer of the Tennessee Valley Authority for the last several years announced today in a Board meeting of the TVA of Mississippi of his intention to retire next year. My hope would be that John Ryder, whose term could have begun earlier this year, would be there to help select his successor. Bill Johnson and the board have done a good job for the last few years with TVA. They have reduced its debt. They have kept elec-tricity prices low. They provided a reli-able, ample supply of electricity for a rapidly growing part of America, mak-ing it easier for us to recruit jobs, and the air is clean. As I will say more about this in just a minute, the new Foothills Parkway opened just outside the Great Smoky Mountains this past weekend, and it was packed with local people. On Sun-day I was up there myself. We can see the mountains because TVA, over the last several years, has put pollution control equipment on all of its coal plants, and we could immediately see the difference. Other Federal regula-tions have made the air cleaner. In fact, a lawsuit from North Caro-lina with TVA to keep dirty air from Tennessee from blowing into North Carolina has now been made a Federal regulation, and dirty air from Ken-tucky or Texas or other States can’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.030 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6954 November 14, 2018 
blow into Tennessee. The result is that when you come see the Great Smoky Mountains, you can call them the Great Smoky Mountains and not the great smoggy mountains, which they were some time ago. So I would congratulate Bill Johnson on his tenure as CEO. He has got TVA on the right track, and I would urge the Board of Directors to think long and hard as they select someone to fill his shoes because as a former Governor of that State and now as a U.S. Senator from Tennessee for 16 years, I know the importance of having ample supply of low-cost clean electricity to heat our homes, run our computers, and attract our jobs. Now, I have a Thanksgiving thought, to move away from the disagreeable, acrimonious dealings of the Senate for a moment. 
GREAT SMOKY MOUNTAINS  
Mr. President, I suggest two more things that Tennesseans can be grate-ful for this Thanksgiving. One, there is a new 16-mile section of the Foothills Parkway, creating a spec-tacular view of the Great Smoky Mountains, and, two, because the air is now so much cleaner, you can actually see the mountains from this spectac-ular drive. In the 1990s, on the clearest days, ac-cording to the National Park Service, you could see for around 50 miles in the Smokies. Today you can see more than 90 miles on the clearest days. Even on the haziest days, visibility has im-proved. In the 1990s, visibility was less than 10 miles. Today you can see more than 30 miles on the haziest days, ac-cording to the Park Service. While that is still less than the nat-ural visibility of 150 miles on the clear-est days—by natural visibility, I mean the blue haze the Cherokees used to sing about that exists because of the moisture in the Smokies—and 90 miles on the haziest days, we have made great improvements in the last two decades, and visibility is continuing to improve in the park. The new section of the Foothills Parkway between Walland and Wears Valley is one of the prettiest drives in America. If you want the best view of the highest mountains in the Eastern United States, you will drive the Foot-hills Parkway. Last Sunday, when my wife and I drove it on the third day, it was open; it was packed, most of it with local people taking pictures of each other because they were so aston-ished by the view. It was a view so magnificent it surprises even those of us who grew up driving through the Smoky Mountains. Soon this drive will attract many of the more than the 11 million visitors who come to our park each year—twice as many as any na-tional park. But 16 years ago, these visitors would not have had such a good view. In 2002, the year I was elected to the Senate, the National Parks Conservation Asso-ciation said that the Great Smoky Mountains National Park was the most polluted park in America. There were 3.5 million people who would visit the park in the summertime and the air was hazardous to breathe. The views were extremely limited due to pollu-tion. Instead of the blue haze I men-tioned earlier, we saw smog. The Great Smoky Mountains had become the great smoggy mountains just 16 years ago. Then a lot of people went to work. Federal clean air regulations, which I supported, required cleaner burning diesel fuels and cleaner vehicle en-gines, which also helped lower emis-sions. This especially helped the Smok-ies because of the large number of visi-tors’ vehicles and because three inter-states carry heavy truck traffic through nearby Knoxville, TN. I also voted to support other Federal clean air regulations that limited emissions from smokestacks of sulfur, nitrogen, and mercury and established rules to prohibit dirty air from blowing from one State into another. I have al-ways thought that operating a coal- fired powerplant without air pollution control equipment on it was like driv-ing at night without the lights on. We have equipment and TVA has proved, as other utilities have, that you can burn coal in a clean way if you will simply put on pollution control equip-ment for mercury, nitrogen, and sulfur. One of the biggest impacts, therefore, came in 2008, when the Tennessee Val-ley Authority began installing pollu-tion control equipment on some of its coal-fired powerplants near the park. TVA has invested nearly $6 billion to reduce air emissions. That is money out of our pockets—we ratepayers. These efforts have resulted in a 94-per-cent reduction in sulfur dioxide emis-sions and a 91-percent reduction in ni-trogen oxide emissions. Nitrogen and sulfur emissions have harmful effects on human health, the environment, and visibility. Those of us who live near the park can see the impact of TVA’s actions al-most immediately. Today, TVA has in-stalled some type of emission control equipment on all of its coal-fired pow-erplants and continues to improve that equipment so that the air will become even cleaner. Over the years, I met and worked with mayors in counties surrounding the park who did what they could lo-cally to make the air cleaner; that is because one of their top priorities is clean air. The Sevierville Chamber of Commerce, when I walked in there not long ago, told me it was their top pri-ority because tourists come to spend money in Sevierville and Pigeon Forge to see the Smokies, not to see the smog. Now ground-level ozone that cre-ates the smog that is harmful to human health and the environment and reduces visibility has improved signifi-cantly—by 36 percent according to the Great Smoky Mountains Association. All of the counties in the region around the park meet the EPA’s environ-mental quality standards for ozone pol-lution. On the parkway, in 1944—that was the year Congress first authorized the Foothills Parkway—this is what was going on: Allied Forces were invading Normandy Beach, Franklin D. Roo-sevelt was President, and Bing Crosby was singing ‘‘I’ll Be Seeing You.’’ The State of Tennessee began acquiring right-of-way to the parkway and donat-ing it to the Federal Government. In 1960, the construction of the park-way actually started. Dwight D. Eisen-hower was President. Elvis had just come home from 2 years in the Army, and American women were wearing beehive hairdos. That was 1960, when construction on this parkway began. When I became Governor in 1979, the State had completed acquiring the right-of-way, and the State took the lead on 10 miles of the parkway be-tween Carrs Creek and Wears Valley. Then construction halted because of environmental problems. By the time I got to the Senate in 2002—the same time the Smokies was declared the most polluted national park—all of the parties had agreed on a plan to build bridges to complete the so-called 1.65 mile ‘‘missing link’’ on the parkway. Then President Bush’s administration and the 2005 Federal highway bill, President Obama’s ad-ministration, and Governor Bill Haslam’s State administration in Ten-nessee all chipped in effort, time, and taxpayer money to finish the job after 50 years and $200 million of construc-tion. Since it was first authorized, it has taken 75 years to build a parkway and two decades to make the air clean enough so that visitors can see the mountains for 90 miles. So if you are looking for something else to be grate-ful for on Thanksgiving, try being grateful for the many visionaries, park officials, road builders, engineers, sci-entists, editors, and political leaders who have had the foresight to make it a priority to build the Foothills Park-way and clean up the air so that we can see the mountains. It has taken 75 years, but the views are so picturesque that it has been well worth the wait. 
SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS  
Mr. President, on another subject, to people who come up to me with some wonderment and ask what it is like working in the U.S. Senate, I often say: Think of Washington, DC, as a split- screen television. Let’s take the 30 days between Sep-tember 4 and October 6, between the beginning of Judge Kavanaugh’s hear-ing and his confirmation. On one side of the screen there was as much acri-mony as you could ever expect to see in the U.S. Capitol—protesters, Senators upset, Judge Kavanaugh upset. It was a very difficult situation. That was on one side of the television set. But on the other side of the television set was one of the most productive 30 days we have ever had in the U.S. Senate, with 72 Senators working together—half Democrats, half Republicans—to pass landmark opioids legislation to deal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.031 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6955 November 14, 2018 
with the largest public health crisis we have today. A lot of other things happened during that time. There was a major copyright bill, the first in a generation, to make sure songwriters get paid for their work. The Senator from North Caro-lina helped with that. There were ap-propriations bills which, for the fourth consecutive year, had record funding for national laboratories, supercom-puting, biomedical research to cure cancer, all of those things, all of those miracles, and an important bill to make our airlines safer for the next 5 years, probably the most important in-frastructure bill on locks and dams that we have had in several years. We even passed a bill Senator F
EINSTEIN  and I had worked on for a few years to make it illegal to make cell phone calls from airplanes so that you won’t have to sit next to somebody revealing their innermost thoughts on a 5-hour flight across the country. All of that happened on this side of the screen dur-ing the same 30 days we saw the Kavanaugh hearing. I want to talk about the most important thing that happened during those 30 days, which is the opioids legislation. Opioids affect every single part of our country—we have established that— which is why 72 Senators worked to-gether, eight committees in the House and five in the Senate, to produce a complex bill right in the middle of an election—right in the middle of the Kavanaugh hearing. One of the things we talked about was what do we do about synthetic opioids—fentanyl. Most of that fentanyl originates in China. Last week, I led a delegation of five Senators and two Members of the House of Representatives to China, where we met with officials for the ex-press purpose of asking for their help in dealing with our opioids problem— our fentanyl problem. We didn’t say to them: It is all your fault. We said: Look, it is our problem. China doesn’t have a user problem with opioids today like we do. In fact, no other country has had more of a struggle with opium throughout its history than China. They know how terrible it can be. We said: We would like for you, Chinese of-ficials, to help us by doing more of what you are already doing, by doing what we have done about fentanyl, by controlling every form of it, listing every form of fentanyl as a controlled substance so that our Department of Justice and our Drug Enforcement Agency can go after people who are dis-tributing it illegally. Fentanyl is a white powder synthetic opioid that can come in a small pack-age. If you open the package and a few grams escape into the air, DEA agents tell me they are almost overcome. They have to leave the room. A few grams can kill you, and it often is kill-ing Americans. Among drug overdoses, it is the fastest rising killer in our country, with a 70-percent increase in our State between 2016 and 2017. The government of China has already been a good partner. I said this to the Chinese officials with whom we met. They work with our Drug Enforcement Agency and other law enforcement agencies to try to stem the flow of the chemicals that are produced in China but then find their way through Mexico and Canada, mainly, into the United States or through the mail directly into the United States. What China has already done, which we appreciate—and I said that to them—is that they have made 25 fentanyl compounds illegal, and ac-cording to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, when China did that, we saw an immediate and dramatic decrease in those chemicals coming into the United States. This action boosted our counternarcotics operation and made a dramatic decrease in the amount of those substances subsequently found in the United States. China cooperates with the United States, but our cooperation faces chal-lenges when a fentanyl substance is not on China’s control list. So the request that I made at each of our meetings was this: Would you please control all fentanyl substances? The Trump ad-ministration did this in the United States in 2017. We would like for China to do the same thing. That is the way to help stem the flow of fentanyl sub-stances from China to the United States and other countries. I said to them: Look, we are trying to do our part. We just passed our land-mark opioid legislation. It included Senator P
ORTMAN ’s STOP Act, which many of us cosponsored, which would make it easier for us to stop fentanyl through the mail. We are doing every-thing we can think of to do, but when you do not control all fentanyl sub-stances, what happens in China is, out-side of the 25 you have controlled, some smart entrepreneur in China will figure out a different class of fentanyl and begin to sell it and mail it, and it comes to the United States through Mexico and Canada, and the drug agen-cies in China aren’t really empowered to deal with that. To be clear, this is not a problem that the Chinese Government has caused, but this is a problem the Chi-nese Government can help us solve. This is not pointing a finger at China and saying: You are doing the wrong thing. In fact, they are doing the right thing by cooperating with us and classifying 25 substances. We want them to do more than what they are al-ready doing, and they can be seen as the world leader in dealing with this dangerous synthetic opioid because most of the chemicals are produced in that country. On the trip with me was a very senior delegation: the chairmen of the House Appropriations and Budget Committees this year, Congressmen F
RELINGHUYSEN  and B
LACK ; then Senator S HELBY , ENZI, R
OBERTS , and K ENNEDY from this body. We worked with the U.S. Ambassador to China, Terry Branstad. He is an ex-ceptionally able representative of our country. He is the longest serving Gov-ernor in the history of the United States. Six months ago, when I first talked to Governor Branstad about our proposed trip to China, he said: I am going to ask you to do one thing, make fentanyl and the opioid crisis the pri-mary point of your visit in China to help Chinese officials understand how important it is to us because we are working on many other issues with China right now. The President of the United States is meeting, apparently maybe next week, with the President of China in Argen-tina. Perhaps out of that, we will have a great deal. We have a lot of issues with China. Fentanyl and opioids doesn’t rise to the top of the list in the Chinese minds, our Ambassador was saying. One reason it doesn’t is because China doesn’t have much of a problem with people using illegal opioids. Certainly, it has nothing like what we do. We know—and we heard and we said on this floor and we all voted for the opioid bill because we know what is happening in our country. Overdoses involving opioids killed more than 42,000 people in this country in 2016, and roughly 45 percent of those were due to synthetic opioids like fentanyl, the kind we are asking China to help us with. In my home county of Blount County in East Tennessee, there are 130,000 people. Last year there were 130,000 opioid prescriptions—1 for every per-son. The legislation we passed will help reduce the number of prescriptions. That is one way to deal with the prob-lem. Another way is to stop the fentanyl from coming into our country. Our new law helps address the opioid crisis by the STOP Act. That is the fentanyl bill. The new law supports research to find new nonaddictive painkillers. It helps reduce the supply of opioids by empowering the FDA to require manu-facturers to sell certain opioid pills in so-called blister packs. It provides more opportunity for treatment and re-covery and helps babies born with opioid withdrawal. During this past year in our appropriations bills, we ap-propriated $8.5 billion to deal with opioids. Still, we have our problem with fentanyl that the Chinese can help us solve. Several of the Chinese officials reacted with surprise—and some not too well—when I told them most of the fentanyl that comes into our country originates, in one way or another, in China. The reason for that is not be-cause they are not helping us; it is be-cause of the ingenuity of Chinese en-trepreneurs who, as soon as China lists a fentanyl substance as controlled, they create another kind of fentanyl substance and keep selling it. The Chi-nese officials were generous and re-spectful of our time. They listened and promised to consider our request. We met with Li Keqiang, the Premier; Zhao Kezhi, State Councilor and Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.033 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6956 November 14, 2018 
Security Minister, under whom di-rectly are the narcotics agents; Yang Jiechi, the Politburo Member and Com-munist Party Foreign Affairs Director. They understand how serious this is for us. They know it hurts because they had a long history with opioids which they dealt with. I appreciate the fact that they said they are willing to ex-plore this. I intend to report our visit to President Trump and urge him to continue to ask China to help us. We also met with Ambassadors of other countries who are affected, such as Mexico and China and other coun-tries whom Ambassador Branstad in-vited to the U.S. Embassy for a meet-ing. They agreed to form a working group to try to help make clear to the Chinese we weren’t pointing the finger at them saying it is your problem. We are just saying the only finger we would like to point is saying you can do more than anybody else to help solve the problem. I want to thank Ambassador Branstad, Terry Branstad, for setting up the relationships we had with the Ministers in China to help deliver the message that opioids is our biggest public health epidemic and that the fentanyl flowing into the United States is the most severe part of that. The staff at the U.S. Embassy were very helpful. In particular, I would like to thank Steve Churchill, Rob Fordan, and Richard Jao for all their work. I want to thank, again, some of the Chinese officials with whom we met, Premier Li Keqiang, Minister Zhao Kezhi, and Director Yang Jiechi, for the time they spent with us and the commitment they made to continue to work with us on this public health epi-demic. In conclusion, there is no public health crisis in the United States of America that compares with the opioid crisis. The most severe part of that cri-sis right now is the flow of fentanyl coming into the United States. What we respectfully ask China to do is more of what they are already doing. They are already controlling 25 different classes of fentanyl. We want them to control all of those classes of fentanyl. That frees their narcotics agents—and they are pretty good—to go after any-one in China who uses or produces fentanyl illegally or improperly. We saw the difference that made when China controlled 25 of the fentanyl substances. We look forward to the difference it will make when it controls the rest. My hope is, the President of the United States and the President of China will discuss this and that they see each other next week in Argentina. I hope the President will thank Presi-dent Xi for what they have already done and ask him to do more. It is not China’s problem. It is really our prob-lem. We are the ones with the opioids problem. China can help us solve it by doing what we have already done about fentanyl in this country and doing more of what they have already done. If they do that, China can be seen as the country in the world doing the most to stop the flow of this deadly fentanyl, and the American people will be grateful for that action. I thank the President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Alaska. 
COAST GUARD REAUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I want to echo what my colleague from Tennessee just mentioned about a lot of bipartisan accomplishments on the Senate floor over the last several weeks. They are really important ones. He led the charge on the opioid bill which is going to help our entire coun-try and so many others. They don’t al-ways get reported in the press, but it is important to make sure our fellow Americans, our constituents, know that is happening. This afternoon, I want to talk about another one that is a really important accomplishment that we were able to achieve on the Senate floor a couple of hours ago; that is, the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2018. A number of Senators have already been down on the floor to talk about this: J
OHNTHUNE , the chairman of the Commerce Committee, which is where the oversight and responsibility of the Coast Guard lies; Senator W
ICKER from Mississippi; Senator C
ARPER —so many Senators contributed to this important piece of legislation that we just passed today by almost a vote of over 90 Sen-ators. It is a very bipartisan piece of legis-lation that we were able to get through the Senate floor today. As you know, this has taken some time. For almost 2 years, we have been working on the Coast Guard bill. A number of us put a lot of time and effort into it. I do want to do a shout out to my staff: Eric Elam, my legislative direc-tor; Tom Mansour, a Coast Guard fel-low in my office; and Scott Leathard. All of them worked literally for the last year and a half, night and day, on this bill. Again, it is important for America and certainly important for my great State of Alaska. It raises a broader issue. We just celebrated Veterans Day. Our country was rightfully focused on our veterans. There was a lot of focus on the centennial of the Armistice of World War I, the ending of World War I. Often when there is a focus on the armed services, it focuses on the armed services at the Pentagon—Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marines—and some-times the brave men and women in the Coast Guard can be overlooked. They shouldn’t be. We all know that. One of the things I tried to focus on in my time in the Senate is making sure they are not. Prior to 9/11, the Coast Guard was probably the only service in the entire U.S. military—be-cause they are a member of the serv-ices of the U.S. military—whose mem-bers were risking their lives every sin-gle day on the job. Post-9/11, with the national security challenges we have, every member of our military—all the services—are risking their lives every day, but the Coast Guard does it day in and day out. Pre-9/11 and post-9/11, men and women in that wonderful service un-dertake a heroic mission with actions that we see saving American lives and defending our national security. What do they focus on and what does this bill focus on? Well, the bottom line is, this bill is focused on making sure the men and women of the Coast Guard have the resources to do their job. Their job is varied and extremely im-portant. We have all seen the Coast Guard coming out of the sky to rescue us— rescue Americans on seas when they are in trouble; with the hurricanes we have seen over the last couple of years; the heroic pictures of the men and women in the Coast Guard doing thou-sands of rescues. We see that as part of their mission. They have been de-scribed as angels in helicopters. When they show up, it is certainly witnessing America at its very best. We have seen a lot of that. The mission of the Coast Guard also includes ice-breaking, ma-rine environmental protection, port se-curity, and international crisis re-sponse. Many members are deployed overseas in places like the Middle East, combating illegal fishing by other na-tions, protecting American fishermen, protecting Alaskan fishermen, readi-ness to support the Department of De-fense operation. It is a long list. The Coast Guard does it very well. Importantly, the bill we just passed today will significantly help the men and women with this important mis-sion. You and I serve on the Armed Services Committee. Again, what my colleague from Tennessee was talking about is another one of these bipar-tisan areas of achievement that we have seen in the Senate in the last year, year and a half, consensus on issues like rebuilding our military. We are doing that on the Armed Services Committee through the National De-fense Authorization Act that passes the Senate and the House every year. I am certainly honored to be on the Armed Services Committee, where we are working on rebuilding from the cuts of 2010 to 2015. They were almost 25 percent of the Department of De-fense budget while national security challenges were increasing all over the world. The other thing we are rebuilding— and it doesn’t always get a lot of atten-tion—we are rebuilding the Coast Guard. In essence, this bill we passed today is the NDAA for the U.S. Coast Guard. The recapitalization and re-building of the Coast Guard is a core element of the bill we just passed. Let’s run through a couple of exam-ples. Like what we just did in the NDAA, increasing the end strength of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Ma-rines, this bill today works to increase the end strength of the U.S. Coast 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.034 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6957 November 14, 2018 
Guard. Importantly, it starts to really accelerate what we are doing in terms of recapitalizing the Coast Guard fleet. For example, this bill authorizes the building of six more fast response cut-ters—these are critical cutters for the U.S. Coast Guard—and three more na-tional security cutters for the U.S. Coast Guard. These are incredible ves-sels. They are huge—400-plus feet. I had the honor to go out to a com-missioning of the Douglas Munro, one of the new national security cutters. These ships can do it all. They look like big Navy ships that can do it all. That is what these national security cutters are doing. This legislation also helps to stream-line the building of Navy ships, which is important as we recapitalize the fleet. It directs the Coast Guard’s over-all policies. Now I want to talk a little bit about some of the more specific provisions in this bill that relate to my great State, the great State of Alaska, where the Coast Guard and the people of Alaska have a very special relationship. We love the men and women of the Coast Guard. We see them in action all the time, doing heroic missions. We had the largest Coast Guard base in the country in Kodiak, AK, and District 17—that is the Coast Guard district in Alaska—is the largest geographic dis-trict in terms of square miles in the en-tire Coast Guard area of responsibility. There are close to 4 million square miles and over 47,000 miles of coastline just in the State of Alaska. That is more coastline than in the rest of the lower 48 States combined. So the Coast Guard has a huge mission in Alaska—a really important mission in Alaska— and it covers all kinds of territory. Let me just give you, again, a sense of the importance that District 17 and the men and women of the Coast Guard in Alaska have to my constituents, to their fellow Alaskans—a snapshot from District 17’s website. It reads, just in an average month in Alaska, that the Coast Guard saves 22 lives, performs 53 assists, and conducts 13 security boardings and 22 security patrols throughout this gigantic area of Dis-trict 17, just to name a few of its du-ties, in addition to making sure that il-legal fishing in this part of our Nation doesn’t occur. I am also grateful that as we look at the recapitalization of the Coast Guard’s fleet, the former Commandant of the Coast Guard, Admiral Zukunft, recognized how important Alaska was and sent me a letter, as I am the chair-man of the subcommittee in the Com-merce Committee that is in charge of the Coast Guard. My team and I put in a lot of effort with Chairman T
HUNE  and others in writing this bill and in working on it for the last 2 years. In a letter to me prior to his retire-ment, the former Commandant of the Coast Guard said that we know there are challenges and that there is a grow-ing mission, from the Coast Guard’s perspective, in Alaska. In terms of this recapitalization, we see a lot of these vessels coming to Southeast Alaska. For example, six fast response cutters that are being built and that are part of this bill are slated for Alaska, and two additional patrol boats are for Pe-tersburg and Juneau. The FRCs will be home-ported—two of them—in Kodiak, one in Seward, one in Sitka, and two previously commissioned FRCs will re-main stationed in Ketchikan. So those are a lot of assets coming, and I believe there are going to be more. We are going to continue to work on that. I thank the former Commandant and the current Commandant, Admiral Schultz, who has been on the job for about 6 months and has already been to Alaska three times. That is just an-other testament to recognizing how important the Coast Guard is to the great State of Alaska. I can’t thank enough the men and women of the Coast Guard nationally and in my State for the great work they do. There are a number of provisions in this legislation, in addition to the na-tional areas of recapitalizing the Coast Guard, that are actually focused, not surprisingly, on Alaska, given how im-portant the Coast Guard is to Alaska. Let me just highlight a few of them. There is a provision that says the Coast Guard must position assets to re-spond to any incidences given the na-tional security and economic signifi-cance growing in the Arctic region. The Department of Defense is starting to focus on the Arctic region, and, cer-tainly, the Coast Guard is. The provision further states that it requires the Coast Guard, in consulta-tion with the Department of Defense, to report to Congress on the progress being made in implementing the Coast Guard’s Arctic strategy and to provide an assessment of the placement of ad-ditional Coast Guard assets and cutters in light of meeting those strategic ob-jectives in the Arctic. We know that the demands of a more strategic Arctic are putting a strain on the Department of Defense and the Coast Guard. We believe—I believe— that the provisions in this bill state that the Coast Guard needs to look at that and provide more assets to do the mission if need be. As we are recapitalizing the fleet, it also talks about moving bigger cutters in for smaller ones in region 17 because the Coast Guard must continue to have adequate coverage. You don’t want to move one ship out and another ship in and have a gap in coverage. This bill focuses on that—no gaps in coverage. The bill also requires the Coast Guard to deliver a plan to extend the life of the Polar Star, which is the heavy icebreaker that is home-ported in Seattle and has a critical mission. Again, in the NDAA this year, we re-ceived authorization for six additional heavy icebreakers—three heavies, three mediums. Yet we need to make sure that we still have coverage with the icebreakers we have as we look to build and deploy the new Coast Guard icebreakers that were authorized in the NDAA this summer. This provision fo-cuses on that. It directs the Coast Guard to conduct persistent, aircraft-based surveillance in terms of monitoring illegal, unre-ported, and unregulated fishing in the Western Pacific. This is a huge prob-lem. We have our 200-mile limit where American fishermen and Alaska fisher-men can fish off the coast of Alaska and other States, but we often have pi-rate fishing going on. We have coun-tries such as China that come and ille-gally take fish that should be in our economic zone or on the high seas. The Coast Guard does a great job in moni-toring and catching this illegal fishing, which harms the oceans and harms our fisheries. This bill underscores how im-portant that mission is and directs the Coast Guard to make sure there is per-sistent, aircraft-based surveillance in monitoring what we call IUU fishing— illegal, unreported, unregulated fish-ing—in the Western Pacific. The bill requires the Coast Guard to have tested the capability of oilspill vessel response plans in Alaskan waters and to report to Congress on these capabilities. It also, importantly, focuses on fund-ing to update and maintain the Na-tion’s nautical charts with there being an emphasis on the Arctic, where there is growing vessel traffic. Yet we have nautical charts that are 70 or 80 years old, and some places have never been charted. This bill facilitates the construction of a viable home port for the NOAA re-search vessel Fairweather in Ketchikan, AK, which is an issue that is important to my constituents, and to be perfectly honest, with regard to NOAA, it has been hanging out there for too long. This bill helps to make sure that the vessel is going to be home-ported where it should be legally home-ported under the law, and that is in Ketchikan. Those are just a few examples of the national aspects of this bill for the Coast Guard’s recapitalization effort and of some of the more important pro-visions that focus on the Coast Guard’s special relationship with Alaska. This act also contains many impor-tant items for our fishermen and fish-eries and our maritime industry throughout the United States, whether in the oceans, whether on the Great Lakes, whether in the rivers that we have. It is very, very important to our fishing community, to our fishermen, and to the maritime workers through-out the country. Of course, this is important to my State. I often refer to Alaska as the su-perpower of seafood. What am I talking about? Almost 60 percent of the com-mercial and sport fish that is harvested in the United States of America comes from Alaska. It is billions of dollars in terms of the economic impact for our State. So included in this legislation is important language to permanently ad-dress issues that have plagued Alaskan fishermen, American fishermen, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.035 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6958 November 14, 2018 
commercial vessel owners and opera-tors of maritime fleets and, impor-tantly, the workers in these important industries for decades—regulatory problems and challenges that these im-portant industries and the important men and women who work in these in-dustries have been struggling with for decades with no long-term solutions. At long last, this bill addresses these— the long-term, permanent solutions. What am I talking about? Currently, our fishing fleets through-out the entire country, as well as ves-sel owners and operators—again, throughout the entire country in riv-ers, lakes, and oceans—are forced to comply with a patchwork of burden-some Federal and State regulations that are well-intentioned but often conflicted for incidental discharges off the decks of these ships and for ballast water. Let me start with the incidental discharges. Again, it is very important to my State but very important to any State with regard to the fishing industry and fishermen who work hard every day. If you are a commercial fisherman on a fishing vessel and you have caught some fish and you want to hose down your deck—because let’s face it; fishing can be a bit of a messy business— through a long history of requirements and lawsuits, you are forced to report to the EPA these incidental discharges, and you need to get a permit to hose down your deck of a fishing vessel or you will face a fine. Now, you don’t have to be a fisher-man to recognize that this is ridiculous and that people—Democrats and Re-publicans in this body—have been try-ing to address this issue for decades be-cause it creates inefficiency, and it cer-tainly doesn’t help the environment. It adds to costs, inhibits economic pros-perity, and hurts fishermen and the vessels they operate. This body has in-troduced short-term fixes for years to try and address this. Those have not been sufficient. So this bill addresses it for good. Let me talk about another provision that tries to cut through the patch-work of burdensome State regula-tions—again, well-intentioned but often conflicted for ballast water and vessels. Currently, ballast water is reg-ulated by both the Coast Guard and the EPA. They both have separate, incon-sistent, and sometimes directly con-flicting sets of Federal requirements that are interdispersed with require-ments from States. This is literally a patchwork of requirements for vessels that move through different State waters. Let me give you an example. You are the owner-operator of a com-mercial vessel that is going up the full length of the Mississippi River. You are moving commerce and keeping a strong economy stronger. As you do that, not only must you comply with inconsistent Coast Guard and EPA re-quirements, but you also will likely have to comply with different and sepa-rate requirements regarding ballast water for Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois, and Missouri. You get the pic-ture. It is a patchwork of regulations— all well-intentioned—that has the im-pact of inhibiting commerce and, most importantly, of inhibiting job opportu-nities for the men and women in this commerce. Twenty-five States have been regulating ballast water under separate, inconsistent, and sometimes directly conflicting sets of require-ments. This has not only inhibited U.S. economic growth, but it also actually makes it more likely that invasive spe-cies will accidentally be introduced into this ballast water because the re-quirements are so different, it is hard to keep up with them. So, again, what this bill does at long last, working across the aisle—and trust me, we worked on this for over a year, on these provisions, Democrats and Republicans rolling up their sleeves, in good faith, getting to work. Because we know how important this is to our constituents, we looked at and focused on getting permanent solu-tions, not quick fixes—the way these issues have been handled in the past, for over a decade—to these significant challenges. This bill will provide a permanent ex-emption on incidental vessel dis-charges for all commercial fishing ves-sels and commercial vessels under 79 feet in length. This is very important to the American fishing industry, the men and women in that industry, and it is something that they have been ad-vocating for and Members of this body, of both parties, have been trying to get for well over a decade. Well, we did it today. That is important. As I said, without this exemption, small vessel owner-operators would be required, as they have been for years, to get an EPA permit to hose off their decks— not a good use of the EPA and not a good use of the hard-working time of American fishermen. Similarly, this bill provides a com-prehensive solution to this patchwork ballast water challenge that I just de-scribed, establishing a single, nation-ally uniform standard for the regula-tion of ballast water and other vessel discharges, and the EPA and the Coast Guard, with input from the States, will work together. This uniform standard will have the impact of helping our en-vironment and our maritime industry and fishing industry workers and the U.S. economy all at the same time. That is an important accomplishment, and that is why over 90 Senators voted for this bill today. In conclusion, the men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard do heroic work day in and day out. I am honored to chair the subcommittee of the Com-merce Committee in charge of the Coast Guard. This bipartisan bill will support them and their incredibly im-portant mission, and it was long over-due. It was long overdue, but we got it done. The Coast Guard’s motto, ‘‘Semper Paratus’’—‘‘Always Ready’’—is a motto I think we can learn from here in the U.S. Senate. It is so appropriate for what they do for us. I want to make sure that the members of the Coast Guard who are watching or learning about this bill know that it is a signal that they have strong bipartisan sup-port from the vast majority of the Members of the U.S. Senate. Hopefully, this bill will get over to the House quickly. We have been work-ing closely with the House on a number of these provisions, and they are going to pass it, we hope, and we will get it to the President soon for his signature. Going forward, we have to work to make sure there is not an almost 2- year delay in getting the Coast Guard Authorization Act passed in the U.S. Senate. When we work together, we can see that it is very bipartisan. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, the Presiding Officer and I both know that the National Defense Authorization Act moves every year. What I think we need to do is make sure, when we start debating the NDAA in late spring, early summer every year, as we do, that we reserve time to move and debate and pass the Coast Guard bill as well. This is an issue I have raised with the leadership on both sides of the aisle, with the chairmen of the Commerce Committee and the Armed Services Committee, and I am hopeful that we can make some progress on that so we are moving a Coast Guard Authorization Act, as we should be, with the other services in the NDAA. But that is for tomorrow. For today, we have an important ac-complishment for our country, an im-portant accomplishment for the State of Alaska, and most importantly, an important accomplishment for the men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard who continue to undertake heroic ac-tions day in and day out on our behalf. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE MAGRUDER Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, Steve Magruder has devoted his life to help-ing working families. For more than 40 years, Steve faithfully served as a member of the International Brother-hood of Electrical Workers Inter-national Local 176. Last week, Steve retired as the business manager of Local 176, a position he held for 8 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.027 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6959 November 14, 2018 
The IBEW is as old as commercial electricity. In 1891, 2 years before elec-tricity made Chicago the White City, the IBEW formed to protect the rights and safety of those brave workers will-ing to work on electrical and tele-communications. They would be the ones who brought power across the country, and today, they have a mem-bership of 750,000 worldwide. Steve started out in the storied elec-trical industry while he was still in high school. He worked as a shop as-sistant for Bradley Electric. He eventu-ally became the owner of the residen-tial division of Bradley Electric. In 1975, he was initiated into the IBEW Local 963 in Kankakee, IL, as a residential wireman. The next year, the local IBEW chapters merged to form IBEW 176. In 1982, he became a journeyman wireman and moved into companies such as Comstock and Com-pany and Meade Electric. By 1990, Steve became an agent in the Local 176 business office. He found-ed the IBEW 176 sick, injured, and needy committee, which helps mem-bers in difficult times. Over the years, hundreds of thousands of dollars have been used by the committee to help so many people through the tough times. Through all of this, Steve stayed in-volved in politics and helped can-didates who would help working fami-lies of Illinois. In 2010, he became busi-ness manager of Local 176 and appren-ticeship program numbers increased. He also expanded political work by chairing the 176 PAC committee and a committee on political education. If a business hired in Kankakee or Iroquois County hired from outside, Steve was at the frontlines fighting for families to keep them from being left behind by the local economy. Steve is retiring now to spend more time with his wife of 45 years, Candy. I wish him the best in his future endeav-ors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SARAH CARPENTER Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it is with great appreciation and a touch of sad-ness that I note the upcoming retire-ment of Sarah Carpenter. Her retire-ment culminates 20 years of dedicated service as the executive director of the Vermont Housing Finance Agency, VHFA. Through her enduring commit-ment to affordable housing, Sarah has helped tens of thousands of Vermonters into homes and helped to establish and shape our State’s affordable housing infrastructure. Sarah’s career spanned four decades during which time she was a consistent leader in the affordable housing com-munity. As executive director of Cathe-dral Square Corporation between 1983 and 1998, Sarah worked to develop and manage housing that met the needs of differently abled and aging Vermonters. She oversaw the operation of 430 units of supportive housing and provided housing development and management assistance to 20 projects across the State. As executive director of the Vermont Housing Finance Agency, Sarah ad-vanced the agency’s mission to finance and promote affordable, safe, and de-cent housing opportunities for low- and moderate-income Vermonters. Sarah oversaw $2.2 billion in lending in Vermont, and in her time with VHFA, the agency closed over 10,000 home loans, making a significant contribu-tion to homeownership in the State of Vermont. She has been an effective leader whose work has expanded the amount of permanent supportive hous-ing dedicated to people experiencing homelessness. Not only was Sarah an inspiring leader, she was also a strong and compassionate manager. Since 2015, the Vermont Chamber of Com-merce and Vermont Business Magazine have included VHFA on their list of Vermont’s Best Places to Work. Sarah’s contribution to the afford-able housing community extends into her community service. She is a found-ing member of the Housing Vermont board and a founding member of the Burlington Community Land Trust. She has been a member of dozens of boards and special committees dedi-cated to various aspects of housing fi-nance and the promotion of safe, af-fordable, and decent housing for Vermonters of all means. Her service has been recognized by numerous awards, including the Senator Patrick Leahy Leadership Award from the Committee on Temporary Shelter in 2007. Sarah is a lifelong Vermonter who has dedicated her career to ensuring those in her home State can afford a home. She was a key architect of the system that today creates and finances the production and preservation of af-fordable rental housing across the State. She has worked closely with my office to improve the Low Income Housing Tax Credit program, including ensuring priority is given to projects that propose to target 25 percent of their units to Vermonters who have ex-perienced homelessness. Sarah’s in-formed advocacy has strengthened this and other Federal housing programs so they can work for Vermont and Vermonters. I commend her service to the State and thank her on behalf of the countless Vermont families that she has helped into homes. 
f 
NOMINATION OF JOHN L. RYDER Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I rise in response to a unanimous consent re-quest from my good friend, the senior Senator from Tennessee, to consider the nomination of John L. Ryder of Tennessee to be a member of the board of directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority, known as TVA. As I men-tioned in Mr. Ryder’s confirmation hearing, I have long encouraged TVA to be an industry leader in the power sector, not a laggard, especially when it comes to clean energy and energy ef-ficiency. While I am not prepared to object to Mr. Ryder’s nomination at this time, I am quite concerned about TVA’s handling of the December 2008 Kingston Fossil Fuel Power Plant coal ash spill clean-up efforts and would like to say a few words about my con-cerns. Last week, a Federal jury in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee found that the contractor used by TVA to clean up the coal ash spill, Jacobs Engineering Group, Inc., did not adhere to worker safety or health requirements, potentially caus-ing sickness and death. Although TVA was not on trial, there were troubling testimonies from workers that called into question TVA’s conduct during and after the clean-up efforts. The court decision allows for the families of the workers affected to seek com-pensation for medical treatments and damages. To date, reports show that over 30 Jacobs Engineering Group workers have died since working on the Kingston coal ash clean-up efforts and 250 workers are sick. In his nomination hearing, I called on Mr. Ryder to commit to ensure TVA is a good actor in regards to the King-ston Fossil Fuel Power Plant coal ash spill and is transparent to the employ-ees and families that are or may be af-fected by this issue. He promised me he would do so. However, I want Mr. Ryder and my colleagues to be on no-tice that I will be working on this issue as an oversight matter and will make sure all the members of the TVA board and the entire workforce at TVA are good actors when it comes to this issue. Thank you. f 
CONFIRMATION OF RYAN NELSON Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, along with my colleague Senator J
AMES E. R
ISCH, I congratulate Judge Ryan Nel-son of Idaho Falls on his Senate con-firmation to serve as a judge on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Throughout his diverse legal career, Ryan Nelson developed the necessary tools to serve the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals as a sound and prin-cipled jurist. Since 2009, Ryan Nelson has served as general counsel of Idaho Falls-based Melaleuca, Inc. Before join-ing Melaleuca, Mr. Nelson served in the Federal Government as special counsel for Supreme Court nominations to the ranking member of the Senate Judici-ary Committee; as deputy general counsel to the White House Office of Management and Budget; and as dep-uty assistant attorney general in the Environment and Natural Resources Division of the United States Depart-ment of Justice, DOJ. At the DOJ, Mr. Nelson argued 13 cases in the U.S. Courts of Appeals and was division counsel for 50 briefs filed in the Su-preme Court. Before joining the DOJ, Mr. Nelson practiced in the Wash-ington, DC, office of Sidley Austin LLP, where he was a member of the firm’s appellate, litigation, products li-ability, and religious liberties practice groups. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.025 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6960 November 14, 2018 
Upon graduation from law school, Mr. Nelson served as a law clerk to Judge Karen LeCraft Henderson of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and to Judges Charles Brower and Richard Mosk of the Iran-U.S. Claims Tribunal at The Hague. Mr. Nelson earned his B.A. from Brigham Young University, BYU, and his J.D., with honors, from BYU Law School, where he was inducted into the Order of the Coif and served as a lead articles editor of the BYU Law Review. Ryan has been widely recognized by his colleagues for his judgement and legal expertise and will respect and be a servant of the law. He understands that a judge is responsible for inter-preting and applying the Constitution and laws of the land as they are writ-ten and not to be a maker of laws from the bench. Congratulations, Ryan, on your con-firmation, and thank you for bringing your valuable perspective to the court. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WOMEN VETERANS Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today, on the week we celebrated Vet-erans Day, I wish to pay particular tribute to our Nation’s women vet-erans. Maryland women served our Na-tion long before they were permitted to serve in the military, from Mary Digges Lee, who collected money and supplies to support the Revolutionary Army, to Harriet Tubman who spied for the Union in the Civil War. Today Maryland is home to over 50,000 women veterans. Our Maryland National Guard is led by the extraordinary Adju-tant General Linda L. Singh and, for the first time this year, an all-woman command staff. As we honor our veterans, we must also keep the promises we made, as a nation, to them. That requires under-standing and addressing the unique and complex needs of our women veterans. We know that they suffer higher rates of PTSD and suicide than their civilian counterparts and have medical issues that are too often overlooked or ig-nored. Later this week, I will be meet-ing with some truly heroic Maryland women who have served their Nation and continue to serve each other. I look forward to their insight on the programs and services they use and the ways we can expand the networks that might deliver the support our women veterans deserve. This Congress has worked on a bipar-tisan basis to support our Nation’s vet-erans, and we must continue those ef-forts. There is still much to do, from ensuring that the VA system delivers the care and programming that Con-gress has authorized, to assessing the feasibility of peer-to-peer assistance for women veterans, with emphasis placed on women who suffered service- related sexual trauma or who are at risk of becoming homeless. We live in freedom because of those brave Americans who have chosen to take up the mantle of service in uni-form; they deserve our full support in making the transition to civilian life, on an equal footing, regardless of gen-der, after that service is finished. Women veterans should not face un-equal treatment; we need to broaden the discussion and strive to make things better for America’s daughters who have served. Every veteran must know that they have our respect and gratitude and that we will support them as thanks for their sacrifice. f 
TRIBUTE TO TIMOTHY J. GOODE Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I wish to recognize Timothy J. Goode on the occasion of his retirement as Chief Deputy U.S. Marshal for the Southern District of West Virginia. Chief Deputy Goode is stepping down after a long ca-reer of accomplishment and service to his country and to West Virginia. Since he came to West Virginia, my staff and I have had the pleasure of working with Chief Deputy Goode and his colleagues in the Southern District office. He has been a consistent advo-cate for the U.S. Marshals Service and served as a valuable liaison between the Service and my office. Before he came to West Virginia, he had already accrued a number of accomplishments in a storied career. Chief Deputy Goode received his bachelor’s degree from Indiana State University in 1983, entering the U.S. Marshals Service as a deputy in 1986. Over the next three decades, he served as a mentor to numerous deputies, co-ordinated and led operations that re-sulted in the arrest of dangerous crimi-nals, and served in various administra-tive and informational capacities, in-cluding two stints as Acting U.S. Mar-shal. Among his many approbations was a special recognition by the Indi-ana General Assembly in 1990 for his role in the arrest and extradition of General Manuel Noriega. In addition to his long record of serv-ice, Chief Deputy Goode serves as a Sunday school teacher and holds a master’s degree in Christian Ministry. An outdoorsman, he is also an avid hunter and fisher. Finally, and most importantly, he is a devoted husband to his wife, Kyle. Exemplary public service should be praised, and we all owe a debt of grati-tude to Chief Deputy Goode for his service. I wish him well in retirement and in his future endeavors. It is an honor to call him a friend and fellow West Virginian. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DR. DOTTY MERRILL ∑Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize a leader who has devoted more than three decades to Nevada’s kids, its schools, and its edu-cators: Dr. Dotty Merrill. For more than 35 years, Dr. Merrill has been an educator, an advocate, and a leader in fighting for the best possible opportu-nities for our students and teachers. She continues to be a leader as the ex-ecutive director of the Nevada Associa-tion of School Boards, a role she has held since October of 2006. Dr. Merrill graduated with a bachelor of arts from the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, a master of arts in English from the University of Nevada, Reno, and finally with a doctorate in educational leadership, also from the University of Nevada, Reno. Nevada is truly blessed that Dr. Merrill has taken her education, experience, and passion and devoted it to our State’s education system. Her work in the Washoe County School District was in-strumental in developing a set of edu-cation standards that aligned with Federal standards and strengthened the 21st century education our kids need for a brighter future. She has con-tinued the fight for our kids on behalf of the Washoe County School District at the Nevada Legislature where she has been a key voice for local edu-cators as the Silver State has debated how best to improve our school system, train our teachers, and ensure that every child in Nevada has the tools, re-sources, and support they need to suc-ceed in the classroom. I would like to thank Dr. Merrill for all she has done for our kids, our schools, and our teachers in the Silver State, especially in her commitment to improving classroom instruction, de-veloping initiatives that ensure ac-countability, and fostering collabo-rative relationships among stake-holders that achieve the best results for our kids. I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-ognizing Dr. Dotty Merrill’s lifelong commitment to education and service to the Washoe County School District, the city of Reno, and the State of Ne-vada. Thank you to Dr. Merrill for all that you have done and for your life’s work fighting for a quality education for Nevada’s children and standing up for the necessary support and resources for the Silver State’s teachers. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO HANNAH GUILLEMETTE ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, for the October Granite Stater of the Month, I would like to recognize an extremely thoughtful and motivated young woman who has made it her mission to address bullying in our school commu-nities, Hannah Guillemette. Hannah, a high school freshman from Bedford, NH, started her anti-bullying and kind-ness campaign ‘‘I’ve Got Your Back,’’ also known as IGYB, when she was in middle school just over a year ago. She began by distributing 600 IGYB wrist-bands with a mission tag prompting her peers to include, be kind, and re-spect each other in her community, and the effort quickly grew and has touched almost 30,000 people across New Hampshire and 14 other States. Hannah was inspired to act after wit-nessing bullying in her own school and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.028 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6961 November 14, 2018 
being bullied herself for standing up for friends. She recalled one of her middle school friends, who was bullied so badly that he would ride his broken bi-cycle to school in the depths of the New Hampshire winter rather than take the bus. Hannah helped get him a new bicycle, but she was also inspired to do something more to stop the bul-lying that impacted him and others in her school. The summer before her 8th grade year, Hannah came up with the IGYB program that includes a wristband, a parent hand-out, and video that ex-plains IGYB and how participating stu-dents are pledging to stand up against bullying and spread kindness in their schools. Now, Hannah travels across New Hampshire giving talks to school assemblies and recruiting ‘‘ambas-sadors,’’ both student and adults, in school communities to help spread the message of IGYB. She is currently working with New Hampshire Governor Chris Sununu and other New Hamp-shire officials to implement her pro-gram in all New Hampshire schools. Hannah says that she wants to be a voice both for those who need one now and for those who needed one but are no longer here. She hopes that her IGYB movement will let students know that people support them and have their backs. For her dedication to mak-ing her community a better place and the work she has done to prevent bul-lying and spread kindness in New Hampshire schools, I am proud to rec-ognize Hannah as our October Granite Stater of the Month.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GARRY J. AUGUSTINE ∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, today I am proud to recognize in the R
ECORD , Disabled American Veterans, DAV, ex-ecutive director Garry J. Augustine, who has a long record of service to our Nation’s veterans. Mr. Augustine has not only dedicated his life to serving veterans, he is a vet-eran himself. He served in the U.S. Army, enlisting after high school grad-uation in 1969. Mr. Augustine served as a member of the 198th Infantry Brigade in South Vietnam, where he was seri-ously injured by a land mine explosion. After spending 18 months at Walter Reed Army Medical Center recovering from his injuries, Mr. Augustine was medically discharged from the U.S. Army in 1972. Mr. Augustine has been a member of DAV for 46 years, and he has worked for DAV for the past 30 years. His first job with DAV was in 1988 as a hospital service coordinator for the Department of Ohio at the Cleveland Wade Park U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, VA, Hospital. Mr. Augustine has held numerous positions working on behalf of veterans during his three decades with DAV. He has served as executive director since 2013. Under Mr. Augustine’s leadership, DAV has been a partner with Congress, including with the committee I have the honor of chairing, the Senate Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, in accom-plishing significant reforms for vet-erans. This includes overhauling VA’s system of providing decisions to vet-erans on their disability claims appeals and improving VA’s ability to provide community care. The John S. McCain III, Daniel K Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Maintaining Internal Sys-tems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks (MISSION) Act of 2018, enacted in June 2018, strengthened healthcare for veterans and expanded VA’s Program of Comprehensive As-sistance for Family Caregivers to in-clude veterans of all eras. DAV’s initia-tives, led by Mr. Augustine, have raised awareness for important issues such as caregiver support, care and benefits specifically related to women veterans, and advance appropriations for VA ac-counts. Today, I pay tribute to Mr. Augus-tine for his service to our country and his steadfast commitment to veterans throughout his career. Congratulations to Mr. Augustine on his retirement and a career in which he has left a lasting legacy of advocacy for veterans. ∑ ∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the service and career of veteran and dedicated advocate Garry Augustine. As the executive director of the Dis-abled American Veterans, DAV, since 2010 and a 46-year life member, Garry has helped shaped the legislative land-scape for disabled veterans and their families by advocating before Congress, the White House, and the VA. Back home, Garry has led DAV’s efforts to make sure disabled veterans can access the healthcare and benefits they need and earned. A native of Cleveland, OH, Garry en-listed in the U.S. Army in August 1969. As a member of the 198th Infantry Bri-gade in South Vietnam, he served on the Batangan Peninsula. During a com-bat patrol operation on April 9, 1970, he was severely wounded by a land mine explosion. After 18 months and multiple sur-geries at Walter Reed Medical Army Hospital, Garry returned home to Cleveland, where he continued physical rehabilitation and underwent addi-tional surgeries at the Cleveland VA hospital. In December 1972, he was medically discharged from the U.S. Army. Following his service, Garry went on to earn a bachelor’s degree with honors from Ohio University in 1978. In 1983, he completed a master’s degree in soci-ology from Cleveland State University, the same year he became a life member of DAV Chapter 42 in Mentor, OH. In Mentor, he served in various posi-tions, including chapter commander and adjutant, and on statewide com-mittees, as well as director of service for the DAV Department of Ohio. In 1989, he was selected as one of the Out-standing Young Men of America. Along the way, Garry met and mar-ried Kellie Lambing and raised two children, Chelsea and Kyle. Garry began his tenure with DAV as a hospital service coordinator in 1988 at the Cleveland Wade Park VA Hospital. That same year, he joined DAV’s pro-fessional staff as a national service of-ficer apprentice. He remained at the Cleveland national service office where he was promoted to assistant super-visor in 1997 and supervisor in 2000. He served as supervisor at the Cleve-land DAV National Service Office until being appointed assistant national service director at DAV’s Washington Headquarters in 2002. In January 2004, he was appointed deputy national serv-ice director and was named national service director in 2010. As executive director of DAV, Garry has helped lead an organization that has always been at the forefront of ad-vocating for veterans and securing the resources, healthcare, and benefits vet-erans have earned. Garry has been a fierce advocate for VA healthcare re-form, expanding caregiver benefits, se-curing critical resources for veterans initiatives, modernizing the disability appeals system, and improving VA services and resources for women vet-erans. As ranking member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, it has been a joy to work with Garry and DAV on important pieces of legislation like the Deborah Sampson Act, the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act, the VA Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection Act, the Rural Veterans Transpor-tation Enhancement Act, and the VA MISSION Act. These bipartisan bills, several of which were signed into law, serve as a testament to Garry’s dedication and leadership on behalf of veterans. While future generations of veterans will be able to look at these bipartisan re-forms as examples of Garry’s dedica-tion, they will also feel the reach of Garry’s mission to serve veterans in their communities. Under his leadership, DAV continues to be a cornerstone for communities across our Nation. At the local level, DAV helps injured and ill veterans get to and from their doctor appointments, transition back to civilian life through its mobile service offices, and navigate the VA healthcare and benefits sys-tems. It is my honor to recognize Garry’s lifetime of service as a soldier, veteran, and leader of DAV. As Garry begins a new adventure into retirement, I have no doubt that he will continue to serve those in need. To Garry, on behalf of myself and a grateful nation, I extend my greatest appreciation to you for your enduring bravery, service, sac-rifice, and advocacy.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JERRY GIOVANIELLO ∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, today I am proud and honored to place in the R
ECORD well-deserved recognition and heartfelt congratulations to Jerry Giovaniello on his retirement from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.033 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6962 November 14, 2018 
nearly four decades of work for the Na-tional Association of Realtors. Jerry Giovaniello has spent the last 37 years of his career tirelessly advo-cating on behalf of the Realtors and ends his illustrious career as senior vice president and chief lobbyist for the organization. As a Realtor, I understand the impor-tant work the National Association of Realtors conducts on behalf of its many members nationwide who provide the needed service of helping prospec-tive homebuyers achieve the American dream of homeownership. Jerry’s distinguished career has re-sulted in positive steps for more Amer-icans by helping create and advocate for policies that have kept the housing market affordable, helped it remain a good investment, and kept it afloat during hard times. Jerry has been named a top lobbyist multiple times by CEO Update, The Hill, and others, and he has at least twice been identified as among the most influential in real estate. I close in congratulating Jerry Giovaniello on his success, and I thank and applaud him for his hard work, which has made a difference to count-less Americans, helped our job market, and earned him a reputation of success that will be difficult to match in the industry. Jerry, I wish you nothing but the best in your retirement.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 2:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 2615. An act to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes. H.R. 3359. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). At 2:05 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 2740. An act to posthumously award a Congressional Gold Medal to Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl in recognition of his acts of valor during World War II. H.R. 4033. An act to reauthorize the Na-tional Geologic Mapping Act of 1992. H.R. 5636. An act to designate additions to the Flatside Wilderness on the Ouachita Na-tional Forest, and for other purposes. H.R. 5706. An act to establish the Pearl Harbor National Memorial in the State of Hawai’i and the Honouliuli National Historic Site in the State of Hawai’i, and for other purposes. H.R. 6018. An act to establish an inter-agency program to assist countries in North and West Africa to improve immediate and long-term capabilities to counter terrorist threats, and for other purposes. H.R. 6064. An act to rename the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Refuge as the Congressman Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge. H.R. 6146. An act to authorize, direct, expe-dite, and facilitate a land exchange in Yavapai County, Arizona, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 6651. An act to extend certain authori-ties relating to United States efforts to com-bat HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria globally, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, with amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 440. An act to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota. S. 2074. An act to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2615) to au-thorize the exchange of certain land lo-cated in Gulf Islands National Sea-shore, Jackson County, Mississippi, be-tween the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes. The message also announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 3359) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2740. An act to posthumously award a Congressional Gold Medal to Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl in recognition of his acts of valor during World War II; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 4033. An act to reauthorize the Na-tional Geologic Mapping Act of 1992; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 5636. An act to designate additions to the Flatside Wilderness on the Ouachita Na-tional Forest, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. H.R. 5706. An act to establish the Pearl Harbor National Memorial in the State of Hawai’i and the Honouliuli National Historic Site in the State of Hawai’i, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 6018. An act to establish an inter-agency program to assist countries in North and West Africa to improve immediate and long-term capabilities to counter terrorist threats, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 6064. An act to rename the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Refuge as the Congressman Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 6146. An act to authorize, direct, expe-dite, and facilitate a land exchange in Yavapai County, Arizona, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. f EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7025. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Budget and Pro-grams, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s response to the Government Accountability Office’s (GAO) finding of an Antideficiency Act (ADA) Violation; to the Committee on Appropriations. EC–7026. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of admiral in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777a, for a pe-riod not to exceed 14 days before assuming the duties of the position for which the high-er grade is authorized, this will not cause the Department to exceed the number of frocked officers authorized; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7027. A communication from the Pro-gram Specialist, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Require-ments for Covered Swap Entities; Final Rule’’ (RIN1557–AE29) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 17, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7028. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Cov-ered Swap Entities; Final Rule’’ (RIN3064– AE70) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7029. A communication from the Cor-respondence and Regulations Specialist, Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Changes to Hospital Outpatient Prospective Payment and Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment Systems and Quality Reporting Programs’’ ((RIN0938–AT30) (CMS–1695-FC)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 2, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.036 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6963 November 14, 2018 
EC–7030. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare and Medicaid Programs; CY 2019 Home Health Prospective Payment System Rate Update and CY 2020 Case-Mix Adjust-ment Methodology Refinements; Home Health Value-Based Purchasing Model; Home Heath Quality Reporting Requirements; Home Infusion Therapy Requirements; and Training Requirements for Surveyors of Na-tional Accrediting Organizations’’ ((RIN0938– AT29) (CMS–1689-FC)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 2, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7031. A communication from the Im-pact Analyst, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedule for Rat-ing Disabilities: The Hematologic and Lym-phatic Systems’’ (RIN2900–AO19) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 2, 2018; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–304. A resolution adopted by the Gen-eral Assembly of the State of New Jersey urging the United States Congress and the President of the United States to take cer-tain actions to ensure that a woman can freely make reproductive health decisions and access reproductive health care, includ-ing abortion; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. A
SSEMBLY RESOLUTION NO. 181 Whereas, Reproductive health is a critical component of a woman’s overall health, and a woman’s freedom to make reproductive de-cisions is vital to her safety, well-being, eco-nomic opportunity, and ability to partici-pate equally in society; and Whereas, Abortion is a part of women’s health care; and Whereas, In 1973, the Supreme Court of the United States determined, in the landmark case of Roe v. Wade, 410 U.S. 113 (1973), that a woman’s decision to have an abortion is protected by the U.S. Constitution; and Whereas, In 1992, and again in 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the right of women to access an abortion without undue burden; and Whereas, More than 70 percent of Ameri-cans, including a majority of individuals from all major political parties, support ac-cess to abortion; and Whereas, When it comes to the most im-portant personal decisions in life, such as whether and when to become a parent, it is vital that a woman be able to make that de-cision for herself, based on what is best for her and her family, and it is further essential that the woman be provided with equal ac-cess to abortion and other reproductive health care, regardless of where she lives, how much money she makes, or her insur-ance or immigration status; and Whereas, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, who has recently been nominated for a post on the U.S. Supreme Court, has a history of ruling to impose and uphold limits on a woman’s ability to access safe and legal abortion, and his potential appointment to the Supreme Court therefore poses a serious threat to women’s reproductive rights; and Whereas, The protections affirmed by the Supreme Court in the landmark Roe v. Wade case, and in subsequent cases, are now at risk, and the future of access to safe and legal reproductive health care, including abortion, is on the line; and Whereas, As a state, New Jersey has made great strides in supporting women’s health care by restoring funding for family planning services, and ensuring Medicaid coverage for reproductive health care, including abortion; and Whereas, New Jersey supports women’s rights and women’s health by facilitating full access to all reproductive health care, including abortion, and the State is opposed to federal measures or initiatives that will reduce women’s rights or endanger women’s health, in this regard, including the imposi-tion of restrictions on insurance coverage for abortion, and the appointment of judges who are likely to impose limits on women’s rights and their access to reproductive health care; now, therefore, Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey: 1. This House respectfully opposes efforts by the federal government to restrict or limit a woman’s right and ability to access the full range of reproductive services, in-cluding abortion. 2. This House respectfully opposes any nominee to the United States Supreme Court who is not committed to upholding a wom-an’s right to reproductive health care, in-cluding equitable access to abortion. 3. This House respectfully calls upon the Congress and President of the United States to reject or revoke the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh and any other Supreme Court nominee who would move to limit the rights of women to access the full panoply of reproductive services, including abortion. 4. This House further urges the Congress and President of the United States to remove any existing restrictions on access to abor-tion, including restrictions on insurance cov-erage for women who are enrolled in public insurance programs. 5. Copies of this resolution, as filed with the Secretary of State, shall be transmitted by the Clerk of the General Assembly to the President and Vice President of the United States, the Majority and Minority Leaders of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Minority Leader of the United States House of Representatives, and every member of Congress elected from this State. 
POM–305. A resolution adopted by the Mayor and City Council of Citronelle, Ala-bama memorializing their support for con-tinued and increased exploration and produc-tion of the Gulf of Mexico, and urging the United States Congress to keep its commit-ment under the Gulf of Mexico Energy Secu-rity Act to share Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) revenues with Gulf producing states and their coastal political subdivisions; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2861. A bill to prosecute, as a Federal crime, the assault or intimidation of a pas-senger train crew member to the same ex-tent as such actions against aircraft crew members are prosecuted (Rept. No. 115–356). S. 2941. A bill to improve the Cooperative Observer Program of the National Weather Service, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–357). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1012. A bill to provide for drought pre-paredness measures in the State of New Mex-ico, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 358). S. 3001. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and fa-cilities of the Central Valley Project (Rept. No. 115–359). H.R. 2156. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a national memorial and na-tional monument to commemorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–360). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 4446. A bill to amend the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Com-mission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–361). H.R. 6040. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and fa-cilities of the Central Valley Project (Rept. No. 115–362). By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: H.R. 5317. A bill to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibi-tion on certain alcohol manufacturing on In-dian lands (Rept. No. 115–363). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 884. A bill to amend the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 to require the Bu-reau of Land Management to provide a claimant of a small miner waiver from claim maintenance fees with a period of 60 days after written receipt of 1 or more defects is provided to the claimant by registered mail to cure the 1 or more defects or pay the claim maintenance fee, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–364). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with amendments: H.R. 2630. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–365). f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Michael Kubayanda, of Ohio, to be a Com-missioner of the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion for a term expiring November 22, 2020. *Steven Dillingham, of Virginia, to be Di-rector of the Census for a term expiring De-cember 31, 2021. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.009 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6964 November 14, 2018 
and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H
ASSAN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. S
MITH): S. 3615. A bill to prohibit forced arbitration in employment disputes, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 3616. A bill to prohibit the use of re-straints and restrictive housing on inmates during the period of pregnancy, labor and postpartum recovery, to collect data on in-carcerated pregnant women in the United States and the results of such pregnancies, to address the health needs of incarcerated women related to pregnancy and childbirth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. M
AR-
KEY): S. 3617. A bill to require the National Tele-communications and Information Adminis-tration to determine the value of electro-magnetic spectrum assigned or otherwise al-located to Federal entities; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 3618. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program to lease underused facilities of the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): S. 3619. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to restructure the pay-ment adjustment for non-emergency ESRD ambulance transports under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. 3620. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to develop and implement a plan to provide chiropractic health care services for certain covered beneficiaries as part of the TRICARE program; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 3621. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a permanent extension of the lower threshold for the med-ical expense deduction; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. K ING, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 3622. A bill to condemn gross human rights violations of ethnic Turkic Muslims in Xinjiang, and calling for an end to arbitrary detention, torture, and harassment of these communities inside and outside China; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. KAINE: S. 3623. A bill to prohibit the use of funds appropriated for the Department of Defense for aerial refueling of aircraft of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. S
ANDERS , and Mr. M ARKEY ): S. 3624. A bill to reduce the ability of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to engage in inappropriate civil immigration enforcement actions that harm unaccom-panied alien children and to ensure the safe-ty and welfare of unaccompanied alien chil-dren; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HATCH: S. 3625. A bill to support security and law enforcement training and cooperation be-tween the United States and Israel; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): S. 3626. A bill to prohibit and prevent se-clusion and to prevent and reduce the use of physical restraint in schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BOOKER: S. 3627. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide additional entitle-ment to Post-9/11 Educational Assistance to certain veterans and members of the Armed Forces who require extra time to complete remedial and deficiency courses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. K ING, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. R EED, and Ms. C OL-
LINS): S. Res. 687. A resolution congratulating the Boston Red Sox on winning the 2018 World Series; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 352 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 352, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to Master Sergeant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Edmonds in recogni-tion of his heroic actions during World War II. 
S. 548 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Sen-ator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 548, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform the low-income housing credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 569 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 569, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. S. 796 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 796, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer-provided education assistance to employer pay-ments of student loans. 
S. 835 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 835, a bill to require the Supreme Court of the United States to promul-gate a code of ethics. 
S. 1089 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1089, a bill to require the Secretary of Energy to review and update a report on the energy and environmental bene-fits of the re-refining of used lubri-cating oil. 
S. 1278 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1278, a bill to provide for the admission of the State of Wash-ington, D.C. into the Union. 
S. 1303 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1303, a bill to prohibit discrimination in adoption or foster care placements based on the sexual orientation, gender identity, or marital status of any prospective adop-tive or foster parent, or the sexual ori-entation or gender identity of the child involved. 
S. 1437 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1437, a bill to modernize voter registration, promote access to voting for individuals with disabilities, protect the ability of individuals to ex-ercise the right to vote in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anni-versary of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1682 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1682, a bill to facilitate a national pipeline of spectrum for commercial use, and for other purposes. 
S. 1706 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , her name was withdrawn as a cosponsor of S. 1706, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.015 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6965 November 14, 2018 
S. 1879 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1879, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of marriage and family therapist services and men-tal health counselor services under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1906 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1906, a bill to post-humously award the Congressional Gold Medal to each of Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, J. Christopher Stevens, and Sean Smith in recognition of their contributions to the Nation. 
S. 1942 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from Ha-waii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1942, a bill to direct the Attorney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address miss-ing and murdered Indians, and for other purposes. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1989, a bill to enhance trans-parency and accountability for online political advertisements by requiring those who purchase and publish such ads to disclose information about the advertisements to the public, and for other purposes. 
S. 2131 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2131, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to fur-nish medically necessary transpor-tation for newborn children of certain women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2416 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2416, a bill to amend titles 5, 10, and 37, United States Code, to en-sure that an order to serve on active duty under section 12304b of title 10, United States Code, is treated the same as other orders to serve on active duty for determining the eligibility of mem-bers of the uniformed services for cer-tain benefits. 
S. 2605 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2605, a bill to prohibit public companies from repurchasing their shares on the open market, and for other purposes. 
S. 3020 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. SMITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3020, a bill to establish in the Bu-reau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State a Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBTI Peoples, and for other purposes. 
S. 3063 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3063, a bill to delay the reimposition of the annual fee on health insurance providers until after 2020. 
S. 3162 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3162, a bill to provide over-sight of the border zone in which Fed-eral agents may conduct vehicle check-points and stops and enter private land without a warrant, and to make tech-nical corrections. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a Na-tional Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. 
S. 3181 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3181, a bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to include in peri-odic health assessments, separation history and physical examinations, and other assessments an evaluation of whether a member of the Armed Forces has been exposed to open burn pits or toxic airborne chemicals, and for other purposes. 
S. 3231 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3231, a bill to establish the Task Force on the Impact of the Affordable Housing Crisis, and for other purposes. 
S. 3241 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3241, a bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service. 
S. 3279 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3279, a bill to prohibit deceptive practices in Federal elec-tions. 
S. 3290 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. HOEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3290, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centen-nial of the establishment of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. 
S. 3428 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3428, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require warning labels for prescription opioids, and for other purposes. 
S. 3505 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3505, a bill to provide for partnerships among State and local governments, regional enti-ties, and the private sector to preserve, conserve, and enhance the visitor expe-rience at nationally significant battle-fields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War, and for other purposes. 
S. 3521 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3521, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve the health of children and help better un-derstand and enhance awareness about unexpected sudden death in early life. 
S. 3530 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3530, a bill to reauthorize the Mu-seum and Library Services Act. 
S.J. RES. 54 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
ARRIS ) were added as co-sponsors of S.J. Res. 54, a joint resolu-tion to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress. 
S. CON. RES. 7 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Con. Res. 7, a concurrent resolu-tion expressing the sense of Congress that tax-exempt fraternal benefit soci-eties have historically provided and continue to provide critical benefits to the people and communities of the United States. 
S. RES. 633 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the names of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 633, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.019 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6966 November 14, 2018 
should take all appropriate measures to ensure that the United States Postal Service remains an independent estab-lishment of the Federal Government and is not subject to privatization. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4054 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4054 proposed to S. 140, a bill to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 3621. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a permanent extension of the lower threshold for the medical expense de-duction; to the Committee on Finance. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, for Americans struggling with high health care expenses, the tax deduction for certain medical expenses continues to be of significant assistance for many taxpayers. But unless it is extended, the income threshold for this vital de-duction will increase at the end of this year. That is why I rise to introduce with my colleague, Senator C
ANTWELL , a bill that would provide for a permanent ex-tension of the medical expense deduc-tion for unreimbursed health care costs that exceed 7.5 percent of a taxpayer’s income. For those who suffer from pre-exist-ing medical conditions, have chronic medical conditions, experience unex-pected illnesses or injuries, or find that long-term care services are a necessity but are not covered by insurance, health care expenses can quickly be-come an unbearable burden. Too many Americans are forced to choose be-tween purchasing medical services and making other equally necessary ex-penditures. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) in-creased the income threshold for tax-payers to deduct their medical ex-penses from 7.5 percent to 10 percent. For individuals under 65, the increase went into effect in 2013. Those over 65 would have been exposed to this higher threshold for the first time in 2017. When the ACA increase was phased in, individuals under 65 struggling with serious health conditions saw their fi-nancial health worsen. For example, a 2016 study estimates that parents, in-cluding many with limited means, al-ready provide nearly $36 billion annu-ally in uncompensated medical care at home to children who have special health care needs, such as muscular dystrophy and cystic fibrosis. A 2016 survey of cancer survivors showed that one-third go into debt and of those more than half incurred more than $10,000 in expenses. Medical debt is a serious challenge facing millions of families in our coun-try, and as we endeavor to moderate rising health costs, we should also make every effort to ensure that we lower their tax burden as well. Some erroneously believe that this deduction only benefits the wealthy, when in fact, lower and middle-income Americans felt the impact of the in-crease. According to AARP, nearly 70 percent of taxpayers taking the deduc-tion in 2014 reported income of $75,000 or less, and nearly half reported in-comes of $50,000 or less. In my home state of Maine, according to AARP, 35,764 Maine residents claimed this de-duction in 2014, while 18,788 of these in-dividuals reported an income of $50,000 or less. This is why during tax reform last year, I introduced an amendment that rolled back the income threshold to 7.5 percent for all taxpayers to deduct their medical expenses for 2017 and 2018. My amendment expanded upon the efforts of Senators ROBPORTMAN  and S
HERROD BROWN , who had worked to prevent this increase from going into effect for individuals over 65. The AARP and 44 other consumer groups strongly endorsed the effort, stating: ‘‘. . . it provides important tax relief which helps offset the costs of acute and chronic medical conditions for older Americans, children, pregnant women, disabled individuals, and other adults as well as the costs associated with long term care and assisted liv-ing.’’ While I am proud my amendment was included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, it is set to expire at the end of the cal-endar year. I urge my colleagues to join Senator C
ANTWELL and me in sup-porting this legislation as we take one more step toward addressing the im-pact of health care costs. Thank you, Mr. President. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 687—CON-GRATULATING THE BOSTON RED SOX ON WINNING THE 2018 WORLD SERIES Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. K ING, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. R EED, and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation: 
S. R ES. 687 Whereas, on October 28, 2018, the Boston Red Sox won the 2018 World Series by defeat-ing the Los Angeles Dodgers; Whereas the Los Angeles Dodgers dem-onstrated sportsmanship, skill, and persever-ance; Whereas the Los Angeles Dodgers are rec-ognized for their outstanding effort and suc-cess throughout the 2018 baseball season, posting a record of 92-71 and winning their second National League pennant in as many years; Whereas Boston’s victory marks its fourth World Series title in 15 years and its ninth title in the treasured and beloved Red Sox team’s 118-year history. Whereas the Red Sox won the team’s ninth World Series title on the 100-year anniver-sary of its fifth championship in 1918; Whereas the City of Boston convincingly cements its legacy as ‘‘Titletown, USA’’ after winning its eleventh major professional sports championship since the turn of the century; Whereas the Red Sox are 16-3 in World Se-ries games in the new millennium; Whereas the Red Sox were excellent on the road this postseason, winning 7 of 8 games away from Fenway Park and clinching the World Series title on the road for the fourth time in franchise history; Whereas the Red Sox players and staff showed the utmost skill, heart, and grit through the entire regular season and postseason, winning the American League Division Series, the American League Cham-pionship Series, and the World Series; Whereas the 2018 Boston Red Sox stake a claim as one of the greatest teams in base-ball history, finishing the regular season with 108 wins, and bringing the team’s season total to 119 wins with an 11-3 postseason record; Whereas the Red Sox dominated the de-fending World Champion Houston Astros and two of baseball’s signature franchises—in-cluding their bitter rival New York Yan-kees—by an aggregate score of 84-51 in the postseason on their way to winning the world title; Whereas the Red Sox became the first 100- win team in Major League Baseball history to defeat two other 100-win teams en route to winning the World Series; Whereas the Red Sox became the first team ever to defeat both of the previous year’s World Series teams in the same postseason; Whereas Red Sox manager Alex Cora be-came the fifth manager in Major League Baseball history to lead his team to the World Series title in his first season as a manager, and the first Puerto Rican man-ager to reach and to win the World Series; Whereas, while negotiating his contract with the Red Sox in October 2017, Alex Cora requested that the team fly a plane full of supplies to Puerto Rico to assist with recov-ery from Hurricane Maria, and in January 2018 the Red Sox chartered a JetBlue flight for Cora, Boston Mayor Marty Walsh, Red Sox players Rick Porcello, Chris Sale, and Christian Va´zquez, and other Red Sox per-sonnel to distribute supplies to hundreds of families in Alex Cora’s hometown of Caguas, Puerto Rico; Whereas the 2018 World Series, with the Boston Red Sox managed by Alex Cora and the Los Angeles Dodgers managed by Dave Roberts, marks the first time two minority managers have led the two World Series teams; Whereas Alex Cora and Dave Roberts both played on World Series-winning Red Sox teams, in 2007 and 2004, respectively; Whereas Steve Pearce, who hit three home runs and drove in seven runs in the final two games of the series, and who grew up as a Red Sox fan even though he was raised in Florida, was recognized as Most Valuable Player of the 2018 World Series; Whereas Red Sox ace Chris Sale, who won 12 games with just a 2.11 earned run average in a spectacular regular season, made five postseason appearances, including Game 5 of the World Series, when he struck out the side in the ninth inning to clinch the title; Whereas pitcher David Price ‘‘holds all the cards now,’’ winning his last three playoff starts, including the series-clinchers in the American League Championship Series and the World Series, both on short rest; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.020 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6967 November 14, 2018 
Whereas outfielder Mookie Betts, who on the field produced another season worthy of the Most Valuable Player award, also set high standards off the field through his con-duct and efforts to feed the homeless in the City of Boston; Whereas designated hitter J.D. Martinez proved the bright lights and biggest stage were the perfect setting for his talents and character, consistently producing as one of the best hitters in baseball; Whereas second baseman Brock Holt made history in Game 3 of the American League Championship Series by becoming the first player ever to hit for the cycle in the postseason; Whereas the Red Sox outfield of Jackie Bradley Jr., Mookie Betts, and Andrew Benintendi played with remarkable skill and exuberance during the 2018 season and pro-vided stellar defense, including multiple highlight-reel plays during the postseason; Whereas pitcher Nathan Eovaldi compiled six incredible innings in relief during the longest game in World Series history, pre-serving the Red Sox pitching staff for the final two wins and receiving a standing ova-tion from his teammates during manager Alex Cora’s late-night post-game speech; Whereas the Red Sox bullpen exceeded ex-pectations in the 2018 postseason, thanks in part to the emergence of Ryan Brasier as an effective set-up man after pitching in Japan last season, the continued success of Matt Barnes despite a hip injury near the end of the regular season, and the strategic use of starters Nathan Eovaldi, Rick Porcello, David Price, Eduardo Rodrı´guez, and Chris Sale pitching in relief; Whereas reliever Joe Kelly struck out 10 of 22 batters over six World Series innings of re-lief in high-pressure situations; Whereas Craig Kimbrel was one of the best closers in baseball in 2018, amassing 42 saves and an earned run average of 2.74, and showed grit and determination as he battled through nine postseason appearances, im-proving at each successive stage of the play-offs; Whereas the Red Sox organization and players supported Craig Kimbrel as he missed spring training caring for his infant daughter as she underwent and recovered from heart surgery; Whereas the 2018 Boston Red Sox were largely made up of homegrown talent and were the most homegrown Boston champion-ship club this century; Whereas the Boston Red Sox were led to the World Series by the determination of every Red Sox player this season, including Matt Barnes, Andrew Benintendi, Mookie Betts, Xander Bogaerts, Jackie Bradley Jr., Ryan Brasier, Rafael Devers, Nathan Eovaldi, Heath Hembree, Brock Holt, Joe Kelly, Craig Kimbrel, Ian Kinsler, Sandy Leo´n, J.D. Martinez, Mitch Moreland, Eduardo Nu´n˜ez, Steve Pearce, Drew Pomeranz, Rick Porcello, David Price, Eduardo Rodrı´guez, Chris Sale, Blake Swihart, and Christian Va´zquez; Whereas Red Sox owners John Henry and Tom Werner deserve credit for building on the success of the 2004, 2007, and 2013 World Championship teams, and Red Sox president and chief executive officer Sam Kennedy and president of baseball operations Dave Dombrowski deserve credit for their roles in continuing the team’s remarkable string of success; Whereas the Boston Red Sox have been serving charities throughout New England, including the ‘‘Jimmy Fund’’ of the Dana- Farber Cancer Institute for 65 years and join-ing the fight against cancer; and Whereas the Fenway Faithful and Red Sox Nation thank all members of the Red Sox or-ganization for their loyalty to the city and delivery of the 2018 World Series title: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates— (A) the Boston Red Sox for once again bringing the World Series title back to Bos-ton, and the players, manager, coaches, sup-port staff, and owners whose dedication, commitment, and spirit made this season a historic success; and (B) the Los Angeles Dodgers for their ac-complishments and dedication during the 2018 season and in winning the National League Championship; and (2) directs the Secretary of the Senate to transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) Red Sox manager Alex Cora; (B) Red Sox principal owner John Henry; and (C) Red Sox chairman Tom Werner. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4060. Mr. CORKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 600, to promote Internet access in developing countries and update foreign pol-icy toward the Internet, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4060. Mr. CORKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 600, to promote Internet access in developing countries and update foreign policy toward the Internet, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 5. COST LIMITATION. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the provisions of this Act. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 4 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, No-vember 14, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nomina-tions: Patricia Mahoney, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Benin, Richard Carlton Paschall III, of North Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Republic of The Gambia, and Susan N. Stevenson, of Washington, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Equa-torial Guinea, all of the Department of State. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 14, 2018, at 3 p.m., to conduct a hearing. COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 14, 2018, at 3 p.m., to conduct a legisla-tive hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CYBERSECURITY  
The Subcommittee on Cybersecurity of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 14, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Majority Leader of the Senate and the Chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence, appoints the following individual as a member of the National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence: Jason Matheny, of the District of Columbia. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair announces, on behalf of the Ma-jority Leader, pursuant to the provi-sions of Public Law 106–398, as amended by Public Law 108–7, and in consulta-tion with the Chairmen of the Senate Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Committee on Finance, the re- appointment of the following indi-vidual to serve as a member of the United States–China Economic and Se-curity Review Commission: Robin Cleveland, of Virginia for a term expir-ing December 31, 2020. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2018 Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Thursday, Novem-ber 15; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, and notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the Senate be in a period of morning business with Senators permitted to speak therein for up 10 minutes each until 11 a.m.; further, that following morning business, Senator P
AULbe rec-ognized under the order of November 13 in relation to S.J. Res. 65; further, that the time in relation to the motion to discharge be equally divided between proponents and opponents until 12:15 p.m. and the Senate vote in relation to the motion at that time; finally, that following the disposition of the motion, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Bow-man nomination, with all postcloture time on the nomination expiring at 1:45 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.021 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6968 November 14, 2018 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:23 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, November 15, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
JOSEPH V. CUFFARI, OF ARIZONA, TO BE INSPECTOR GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE JOHN ROTH. 
THE JUDICIARY  
NEOMI J. RAO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CIRCUIT, VICE BRETT M. KAVANAUGH, ELE-VATED. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO SERVE AS THE DIRECTOR OF THE COAST GUARD RE-SERVE IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 53(B): 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
REAR ADM. MATTHEW W. SIBLEY 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
STEVEN D. SIKORA 
To be major 
ANITA SARGENT 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
SCOTT S. BRENNEMAN ROBERT G. COLLINS CARL K. DOWDEY III KIRSTEN M. DOWDY BRYAN D. DOWNEY JULIE N. DOWNEY JOHN T. GRIFFIN BLAINE A. MARKUSON GARY W. STOKES KEVIN V. THOMPSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
RICHARD S. TAYLOR THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JASON A. FERGUSON PAMELA R. ROBINSON 
To be major 
CHRISTINA M. ADAMS JOSEPH A. CALAMAIO KENDRA E. DEIRISH DIANA A. HARDY YETEVA C. HARRIS JIM K. MUNENE CHAD A. NORMAN SAMUEL M. SIEGAL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 624: To be major 
DANIEL S. MARSHALL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
CHRISTOPHER G. NEELEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
SAMUEL J. HIBRONPADILLA 
To be major 
SCOTT D. INGALSBE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
KINDRA C. NEW THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
SANDRA L. AHINGA JOHN C. ALLISON SCOTT T. BAKER ALANE E. BALLWEG MATTHEW L. BARRY CONNOR J. BIDWILL ELIZABETH W. BOGGS JAMES R. BOOTH WESTON E. BORKENHAGEN ROBERT C. BROSSETT HERBERT L. BUNTON TIMOTHY G. BURROUGHS, JR. PABLO A. CARDONA DEREK J. CARLSON ROBYN M. CHATWOOD CODY D. CHEEK ADAM E. CHOATE NEVILLE F. DASTOOR JOSEPH A. DEFLORIO JOHN R. DEXTER TIMOTHY C. DONAHUE TARIK J. DOWNIE PATRICK A. DOYLE CARLING M. DUNHAM AMY F. EDWARDS DIMITRI J. FACAROS JOSHUA B. FIX SEAN C. FLOOD NATANYAH GANZ PHILIP G. GERRETSEN TARA O. GOBLE JOSHUA B. GOETTING RACHEL P. GORDIENKO LEICIA S. GRANT BRIAN K. HARTLEY JESS B. HENRY MEGAN A. HERRIFORD BENJAMIN M. HEWETT ALANA R. HINES PATRICK G. HOFFMAN HENRY W. JANOE BROOKE J. JOHNSON KENNETH D. JONES RYAN P. KEMPER DANIEL C. KIM TRENT A. KUBASIAK CAMIE R. LEVIN ERIC M. LIDDICK MEGHAN E. MAHANEY DAVID C. MANGAN DAVID R. MAROLD HEATHER M. MARTIN TAYLOR N. MATTSON RYAN M. MCCORMICK MICHAEL K. MEDICI JOSHUA S. MIKKELSEN CHRISTOPHER J. MONTI NICHOLAS D. MORJAL JOSEPH A. MORMAN BRYANT C. MORRISON AIMEE R. R. MURRAY DAVID H. MURRAY BRUCE A. NESSLER, JR. SARA J. NICHOLSON BRYAN A. OSTERHAGE EDUARDO A. PALOMO CATHARINE M. PARNELL CARLOS S. RAMIREZVAZQUEZ DANIEL D. RAY MOLLY D. REISMAN DAVID A. RIBELIN JAROM M. RICKS ANDREW J. ROUCHKA PATRICK R. SANDYS MARC B. SAWYER BRIAN J. SERAKAS VIVEK M. SHAH JOSEPH D. SMITH KYLE A. SOMMERVILLE HILLARY K. STUART MITCHELL M. SULIMAN ZACHARY A. SZILAGYI JUSTIN L. TALLEY BRIANA S. TELLADO MICHAEL J. TRACEY NHU T. T. TRAN AMBER L. TURNER MILTON A. TURNER NICHOLE M. VENIOUS ROBERT E. WALD RACHEL L. WALKUP CLIFFORD C. WALTERS JEREMY S. WATFORD CHARLES L. WEDIN YOLANDA Y. WILLIAMS EARL M. WILSON PATRICK S. WOOD D014418 D014426 D014887 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
RHONDA C. PUGH 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR TEMPORARY APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 6222: 
To be major 
JAMES D. FOLEY 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS OF THE COAST GUARD PERMANENT COMMISSIONED TEACHING STAFF FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADES INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTIONS 189 AND 276: 
To be captain 
ANNA W. HICKEY 
To be commander 
VICTORIA C. FUTCH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER OF THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE POSITION OF COAST GUARD BAND DIRECTOR TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 336(B): 
To be commander 
ADAM R. WILLIAMSON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.029 S14NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1519 November 14, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF MICHAEL B. TRISTER 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of civil rights attorney Mi-chael B. Trister, who passed away on October 20, 2018. As family, friends and colleagues mourn the loss of a loving family man, a stew-ard of justice, and a voice for the underrep-resented, I ask my fellow members of Con-gress to join me in honoring Mike for his un-wavering commitment to defending civil rights and his rich legacy as a lawyer, advocate, teacher, husband, father and grandfather. Mike’s legal career was marked by profound dedication to serving those in need. His first job out of law school was teaching and devel-oping a legal services program at the Univer-sity of Mississippi School of Law in the 1960’s. There, his work serving the poor and marginalized drew the ire of the state’s polit-ical hierarchy. When the University terminated its relationship with the program and told Mike he could not both continue to teach and work in the program, he sued in federal court—in Trister v. University of Mississippi—and won the right to do so. Upon his reinstatement, and as part of his groundbreaking legal practice as the first Ex-ecutive Director of North Mississippi Rural Legal Services (NMRLS), he focused on ad-vancing the civil and economic rights of Afri-can Americans—in the process, contributing greatly to the transformation of poverty law practice in the state. In addition to overseeing school desegregation cases, Mike represented NMRLS lawyers targeted by local law enforce-ment and defended African American student protesters at the University who were facing both criminal prosecution and calls for expul-sion. In 1970, Mike moved to Washington, D.C., to work at the Children’s Defense Fund, even-tually serving as Vice President and General Counsel. He later co-founded the firm cur-rently known as Trister, Ross, Schadler & Gold, PLLC. Over thirty years, he worked with a multitude of clients, providing counsel to pro-gressive labor, advocacy, charitable, and polit-ical organizations. Mike’s practice, at its core, focused on supporting social, economic, and political movements. Beyond his law practice, he also sought to improve the legal profession through teaching and community engagement. Among other things, Mike served as the Chair of the DC Bar Legal Ethics Committee and the DC Bar Rules of Professional Conduct Review Committee. He has been honored for his life-time of advocacy, and for his many contribu-tions to the profession. Mr. Speaker, as Mike’s wife Nancy Duff Campbell, son Noah Trister, daughter Karen Trister Grace, son-in-law Peter Grace, and grandchildren Jeremy and Mara Grace cele-brate his lifetime of achievements and his de-votion to his family, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring Mike’s dedication to ad-vancing civil rights and progressive causes, which began during an era that sorely needed courageous voices. f 
HONORING BRYAN FISCHER 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Bryan Fischer for his contribution to our state. As a member of the 6th District Agriculture Advisory Committee, Bryan regularly met with my team to discuss emerging agriculture issues that are impacting Indiana’s farmers. Bryan is an important business and civic lead-er in Shelby County and our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Jennifer and I cherish our friendship with Bryan and his wife, Ce-leste. Not only does Celeste make the best cookies in Shelby County, but she and Bryan are both passionate leaders who care about providing opportunity for the next generation that grows up in Shelby County. Both Bryan and Celeste were among my earliest and most vocal supporters. They are loyal friends and wise advisers. I want to thank the Fishers for their friendship and sup-port of my work in Congress. I wish them con-tinued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained yesterday, November 13, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 416; and YEA on Roll Call No. 417. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JERRY GIOVANIELLO 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to an individual whose dedication and contributions to our country have been exceptional. After working for many years in the residential and commercial real estate industries, Jerry Giovaniello is retiring from the National Association of REALTORS. After earning a graduate degree in history from New York University, Mr. Giovaniello ful-filled an ROTC commitment to the U.S. Army, serving as an officer in Vietnam and Wash-ington, D.C. from 1968 through 1970. After his military service, Mr. Giovaniello worked as a policy analyst and writer for National Journal, a weekly magazine covering the federal gov-ernment and public policy issues. Later, Mr. Giovaniello began working on Capitol Hill where he served as chief of staff for two mem-bers of Congress from California—Rep. Jerry Pettis, R–Calif., 1972 to 1976, and Rep. Jim Lloyd, D–Calif., 1976 to 1981. From 2001 until his retirement this year, Mr. Giovaniello served as the senior vice president of government affairs and chief lobbyist of the National Association of REALTORS, the na-tion’s largest professional association, rep-resenting more than one million members in-volved in all aspects of the residential and commercial real estate industries. Mr. Giovaniello managed the association’s govern-ment affairs staff of approximately 40 people in Washington, D.C. He also served as NAR’s advocate for members of Congress from Cali-fornia, Washington, Nevada, Hawaii and Or-egon. Jerry and I have worked closely together on a number of issues. Perhaps the most con-sequential was our successful effort to stop large national banks from entering the real es-tate business. Had the banks prevailed, it would have left home buyers and sellers with fewer choices and higher loan fees. More cru-cially, it would have made the economic crisis of 2008 even more severe. We all owe Jerry a debt of gratitude for taking on that fight and winning it. Mr. Giovaniello has contributed immensely to the betterment of our nation and I am proud to call him a fellow American and my friend. He played a major role advancing policies that helped Americans realize their dream of own-ing a home. To conclude, Mr. Speaker I want to thank Mr. Giovaniello for his service to the residential and commercial real estate indus-tries—his dedication, insight and passion will be greatly missed. f 
CONGRATULATING MRS. JENNIFER HOMENDY ON HER CONFIRMA-TION AND SWEARING-IN TO THE NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mrs. Jennifer Homendy on her confirmation and swearing-in as a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board. Mrs. Homendy was confirmed unanimously by the Senate on July 24, 2018 and sworn in on Au-gust 20, 2018. As a member of the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure committee, and hav-ing worked alongside her for twelve years, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.001 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1520 November 14, 2018 
am especially proud to recognize this distinct honor. Mrs. Homendy has committed her profes-sional career to improving safety and fighting for consumer protection. As Staff Director of the Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials Subcommittee, she was instrumental in the passage of a number of key bills and has a record of rigorous oversight of the imple-mentation of Congressional mandates. Under her guidance, major authorization bills includ-ing the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient, Transportation Equity Act: A Legacy for Users (SAFETEA–LU), the Pipeline Safety, Regu-latory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act of 2016, the Protecting Our Infra-structure of Pipelines Enhancing Safety (PIPES) Act of 2016 contained important pro-visions that have demonstrably improved safe-ty and efficiency. In addition to her work on Capitol Hill, she advocated for the fair and safe conditions for the men and women of the nation’s transpor-tation workforce during her time with the Inter-national Brotherhood of Teamsters and the AFL–CIO Transportation Trades Department. She also recently completed the Stennis Fel-lowship, a high honor for senior congressional staff who are dedicated to public service and improving our Congress as an institution. Her impact on transportation safety extends to the farthest reaches of our transportation network, and I am grateful for her service and expertise. As a policymaker, I look forward to her thoughtful contribution to the National Transportation Safety Board. Based on her ex-perience and the legacy she created as a con-gressional staffer, I think we can all trust that she will continue to be a strong advocate for making our transportation and infrastructure systems safer. Beyond her impressive public service, Jen-nifer has also found time to become an ac-complished runner and triathlete, and is a dedicated and loving mother and wife. I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Mrs. Jennifer Homendy on this award and on the accomplishments throughout her career. The National Transportation Safety Board is fortunate to have such an exceptional Member, and the safety of the American pub-lic will surely benefit from her expertise. I wish her the best as she begins her term. 
f 
HONORING JOHN MEREDITH 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize John Meredith for his contribution to our state and Wayne County. John is a brother in Christ, and I have ap-preciated his prayers and encouragement over the years. I always enjoy the time we get to spend together and count him among my close friends. John is also a community lead-er, a successful entrepreneur, and has been very active in promoting Republican values for years. He has had an incredible impact on Wayne County and on our state. I also want to thank John for support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued suc-cess in all that God has planned for him and his family. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 80TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NATIONAL TREAS-URY EMPLOYEES UNION 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National Treasury Employees Union (NTEU) in celebra-tion of their 80th anniversary. Created in 1938, the NTEU’s mission has always been to make sure federal employees are treated with respect and dignity. For 80 years the NTEU’s continued advocacy has strengthened employee rights and direct sup-port to more than 150,000 employees. The backbone of our federal government and its agencies is our workforce, and we must take care of these dedicated employees if we want our nation to thrive. We must fight for quality healthcare plans, retirement bene-fits, and livable wages for employees. I am grateful for all the NTEU has done in support of our federal workforce, our state and our country. On behalf of my constituents across New Hampshire’s Second Congressional District, I want to thank the National Treasury Employ-ees Union for all they have done, and will con-tinue to do, for our federal workforce. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CRAIG BIDDLE 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to former California State Senator Craig Biddle, who passed away on Sunday, September 23, 2018 in Florida. Craig served the people of California and Riv-erside County in many ways throughout his life and he will be deeply missed. While growing up, Craig developed a deep passion for playing the French horn. He even spent three summers at the Interlochen Center for the Arts in Michigan and intended to spend his life as a musician. Then, while attending Occidental College, he turned his focus and attention to the law. He eventually sold his horn to pay for the first semester of law school at USC. After graduating, he moved from South Pasadena to Riverside, where he be-came a deputy district attorney. He served there four years, before becoming a public de-fender. Craig decided to leap into politics and had his sights set on becoming district attorney. In an effort to bolster his name recognition for a future district attorney campaign, he decided to run for the California Assembly as a Repub-lican. In an unexpected turn of events, Craig wound up winning that race and was elected to serve in the Assembly. Craig would later become the Assembly majority leader from 1969 to 1971. He then resigned to run for the state Senate. Craig won that race and rep-resented the Riverside area in the Senate for one term. Throughout his legislative career, Craig was an effective advocate for laws re-quiring the use of breathalyzer tests for sus-pected drunk drivers and for clean air policies that required cars to undergo smog checks. After leaving office, Craig started a law firm in Sacramento, which he ran before retiring in 1995. Craig is survived by his wife Patricia Kelley and three children, Eric, Nancy and Lisa Bid-dle Canez. He had four grandchildren. I want to extend my heartfelt condolences to the Bid-dle family, his friends, and everyone who had the pleasure of knowing him. Although Craig may be gone, the many life-changing contribu-tions he made in Riverside County and throughout California will have a lasting im-pact. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the chamber on Tues-day, November 13, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call votes 416 and 417. 
f 
HONORING GINGER BRADFORD 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Ginger Bradford for her contribution to our state. Ginger has served Ripley County and the City of Versailles with honor and distinction for years. It has been a pleasure to work with her, and our state is better off today because of her extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Ginger is among my fa-vorite people that I met on this journey in Con-gress. She is smart, strong, honest, and loyal. With Ginger, you always know where you stand. I will be forever grateful for her friendship and support of my work in Congress. The en-tire Messer family, including my wife Jennifer and our kids, have thoroughly enjoyed every moment we have spent with her and Bill. I wish her continued success in all that God has planned for her family. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MAUREEN HAGAN 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of Maureen ‘‘Maggie’’ Hagan, 74, who died peacefully on November 6, 2018 surrounded by her family. Maggie was a teacher in Warren City schools for 38 years, where she was an active 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.005 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1521 November 14, 2018 
union member. After retiring, she moved from Youngstown to Cleveland. She traveled exten-sively, frequenting Italy and Florida. She loved to dance, and her passion for dancing was contagious. She made friends wherever she went, and she never turned down an invitation to a party. Maggie was a staunch advocate for human rights and a political firebrand who re-mained firm in her convictions. She is survived by her daughter Maura George (Bryce Kujat); son Michael George (Amber Pompeii); grandchildren Francis and Harriet; twin sister, Katie (Jim Armaline); five other sisters, Annie (Tom Carney), Elaine, Monica, Sue (Kim Korver), Mary Therese (Denise Reynolds); and seven brothers, Jim (Fiona Young), Tim (Mama Negrelli), Bill (Mary Mcatee), Bob (Michele Lepore-Hagan), Jack (Noreen O’Malley), Chris (Laureen McGarry), and Jeff (Marcia Egbert). She was also a be-loved aunt to 27 nieces and nephews and 27 great nieces and great nephews. I had the immense please of knowing Maggie. I always loved seeing her at political or union events. She believed in the power of labor unions. She believed in the power of education. While she may be gone, her spirit lives on. She inspired us to use our lives to make a difference in people’s lives. And we will always keep her memory close to our hearts. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN MEMORY OF CHISWELL LANGHORNE, JR. 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the late Chiswell D. Langhorne, Jr., in memory of his quiet support of Eastern Kentucky, where he made an in-valuable impact in the lives of people living and working in the coalfields. Although he was not a native Kentuckian, Mr. Langhorne shared our Appalachian roots from Lynchburg, Virginia. He graduated from the University of Virginia and the University of Virginia Law School. He also attended post graduate programs at Harvard and Sloan School at MIT. He was a trust officer at NS&T Bank for 15 years and maintained a success-ful law practice. Mr. Langhorne joined Ken-tucky River Coal Corporation’s board in 1965, serving as an active board member, past chairman and as vice chairman, a role he held from 1983 until April 2018. He guided the company and its successor, Kentucky River Properties (KRP) through an expansion into Indiana, Illinois, West Virginia and western Kentucky. Mr. Langhorne had an innate pas-sion for supporting job creation in Central Ap-palachia through the coal industry and silently invested in opportunities to improve life in the mountains. For example, he consistently in-sisted KRP contribute to local school systems to emphasize the importance on expanding educational opportunities in Appalachia. Refusing personal accolades for his philan-thropic spirit, Mr. Langhorne advocated for Kentucky River Properties to invest in our greatest resource—our people. In an unprece-dented move from the coal industry in 2010, KRP donated $500,000 to the Operation UNITE Foundation, Eastern Kentucky’s first non-profit anti-drug organization, to pay for substance abuse treatment vouchers to be distributed over the course of five years. The vouchers were awarded to low-income individ-uals in a four-county area in Eastern Kentucky who otherwise could not afford a residential treatment program. Thanks to his support, countless lives have been saved from poten-tial drug overdose deaths and families have been reunited through recovery. Mr. Langhorne’s commitment to Eastern Kentucky through KRP has helped transform our region and pave a brighter path for future generations. My wife, Cynthia, and I send our heartfelt condolences to Mr. Langhorne’s fam-ily and friends. We deeply appreciate the com-passion he showed for fellow Appalachian families throughout his career. f 
CELEBRATING THE 110TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE WILLING HELPERS HOME FOR WOMEN 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Willing Helpers Home for Women on its 110th Anniversary. The Willing Helpers Home for Women is a not-for-profit organization located in Johns-town, New York, that offers a comfortable home for women 60 years and older. Since it opened in November 1908 through the help of generous donors in Fulton County, the Willing Helpers Home has provided women with a supportive and compassionate first-class home that advocates security, independence, and comfort. At the Willing Helpers Home, residents not only benefit from a number of professional services, such as medical supervision and ex-ercise programs at their convenience, but they also enjoy many recreational activities, like teas and weekly bingo. By offering a full array of services, the Willing Helpers Home creates a holistic support system for the women. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate the Willing Helpers Home for Women on its 110th anniversary, and thank its dedicated staff for their commitment to serving women in their community. The Willing Help-ers Home has provided an important service to women, and I look forward to seeing its continued success in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING JEFF AND SUSAN KENT 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Jeff and Susan Kent for their contributions to our state and their community. The Kents are important business and civic leaders in Shelby County. And, with their daughters Caroline and Willa, they are very active in the local school community as well. On a personal note, Jeff and Susan are great friends to my wife Jennifer and me. The Kents were among my earliest and most vocal supporters. I want to thank Jeff and Susan for their friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish them continued success in all that God has planned for their family. f 
TRIBUTE TO ELLA MAE RECORD 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to Ella Mae Record, who passed away last month in California. Ella Mae was the matriarch of the Record family in San Jacinto Valley. She will be deeply missed. Ella Mae was born at home in Torrance, California, on January 18, 1929. Her family moved to the San Jacinto Valley on New Year’s Day, 1937, where she enrolled in school. It was in school that she developed a love for music and sports. She was named the sports writer for the school paper, editor of the yearbook, and was elected student body presi-dent her senior year. Ella Mae’s summers were spent working on the family ranch learn-ing to drive cars, trucks, tractors and mules. She married Clayton Record, Jr. on August 21, 1948. They lived in San Luis Obispo while Clayton was enrolled at Cal Poly and began their family while living in a small trailer in ‘‘Vetville.’’ In 1952, they returned to the San Jacinto Valley where Clayton worked the family dairy and Ella Mae concentrated on raising the fam-ily. Her passion was golf which she began pursuing in 1960 at Gilman Hot Springs before becoming an active member of Soboba Springs. She was club champion at both and president of the Woman’s Golf Association. She realized her dream of living on a golf course when she joined the Sunrise Country Club in Rancho Mirage where she finally got her hole-in-one. Ella Mae’s other interests in-cluded photography, obtaining her pilot li-cense, owning a quarter horse, jeeping in the riverbed and serving on several boards of im-portant valley organizations. She was pre-ceded in death by her husband, Clayton Record and her son Clayton ‘‘Claytie’’ Record. She is survived by her sons, Mike, Randy, and Keith; daughter, Nanci, 10 grandchildren, and 13 great grandchildren. I extend my heartfelt condolences to the en-tire Record family, friends, and everyone fortu-nate enough to know Ella Mae. Although Ella Mae is gone, the many contributions she made to our community and family will have a lasting impact. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding a missed vote. Had I been present for roll call vote number 417, H.R. 2615—the Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Ex-change Act, I would have voted yay. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.011 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1522 November 14, 2018 
HONORING KEVIN AND ANNETTE MANDREL 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Kevin and Annette Mandrel for their contributions to our state. The Mandrels are fellow believers, and I have appreciated their prayers and encour-agement over the years. They have also been community leaders for decades and have made a positive and lasting impact on the state of Indiana. Kevin sits on numerous local boards, including Bosma Enterprises, Rush Memorial Hospital, the Arthritis Foundation and the Youth Opportunity Center. Their son, Christian, also worked as an intern in my of-fice in Shelbyville. On a personal note, the Mandrels were also among my earliest and most vocal supporters. Jennifer and I cherish our friendship with the Mandrels. We want to thank them for their friendship and support of my work in Con-gress. We wish them continued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF CHRISTINA CONDOLEON 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Christina ‘‘Tina’’ Condoleon, age 84, who passed away peace-fully at the Hospice House in Poland, Ohio on Friday October 26, 2018. Tina was born on April 5, 1934, in Warren, Ohio to Harry and Athena Raphtis. She was a graduate of Warren G. Harding High School. In the late 50s and early 60s she worked as a clerk at the Trumbull County Courthouse in Warren. Tina was a member of St. Demetrios Greek Orthodox Church in Warren. She en-joyed cooking, reading and doing word search puzzles, but most of all she treasured spend-ing time with her family, especially her grand-children. Tina is survived by her three children, John (Tricia) Condoleon of Howland, Harry (Holli) Condoleon of Algona, Iowa and Angela (Steve) Zervas of Cortland; her ten grand-children, Kristin, Michael, Kurt, Caitlyn, Mi-chael John, Nicholas, Gabriel and Laney Condoleon, and Christopher and Melena Zervas; her brother, Thomas (Aliki) Raphtis; her sister-in-law, Peggy Knotos; and a number of nieces and nephews. She was preceded in death by her parents; two brothers, Gus and James Raphtis; and husband of 49 years, Mi-chael J. ‘‘Mike’’ Condoleon whom she married on August 18, 1963 and who passed away March 27, 2013. I know Tina is dearly missed among her family and friends. I extend my deepest and sincerest condolences. BIG HEROES, TINY HOMES— STUDENTS HELPING VETERANS HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, according to the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center in Houston, Texas, 28 percent of Houston’s homeless population are veterans. That is over 3,600 homeless veterans in Houston alone. These same veterans admirably served our nation and have dedicated their lives to the service and protection of the United States. Across the nation, ‘‘micro homes’’ are being used as transitional homes for those in need. A micro home is defined as a residential struc-ture with utilities and built for full time occu-pancy, in less than 350 square feet. Micro home communities have been created by charities in Austin, Dallas, Detroit, Los Ange-les, Nashville, New York, Olympia, Portland, Seattle, and Syracuse. Now, students at Hum-ble lSD are trying to add Houston to that list. More than 70 students at Summer Creek High School and Kingwood Park High School are working to create a community of micro homes for homeless veterans—designing tiny homes for big heroes. The students have spent the last several months designing the blueprints and a 3D model for the 200–square foot home and working with architects to make sure it works. From paint colors, to roofing, to electrical wiring, they have designed and ob-tained prices for everything necessary to com-plete their vision. Unlike usual school projects, this student-led initiative requires marketing to prospective donors and could take years to successfully complete this micro home com-munity. These passionate students have given pitches and presentations to countless poten-tial donors, the City of Humble council mem-bers and mayor as well as the City of Hous-ton. So far, the students, along with the help of faculty and staff, have raised $40,000 to level a piece of land next to the school where they can begin the next phase of constructing the homes. Both Summer Creek and Kingwood Park will build a model tiny home by the end of this school year. The goal is to eventually partner with a nonprofit and also raise money to buy land to place the homes. Before giving a presentation to potential do-nors, a senior from Kingwood Park High School, Nicholas Logan, told Texas School Business Magazine: ‘‘It’s given me a purpose. I’m not just going to school today. I’m going to school so I can attend a meeting, so I can get the funding to help other people, so they can have a home.’’ It is because of the actions of selfless minds like Nicholas, that this great country will be in the good hands of our future leaders. Good deeds do not go unnoticed. I know that the residents of Lake Houston Area are proud of these students and I applaud not only the students for their tremendous achieve-ments and commend them for giving back to our community, but their parents as well. They are truly making a difference and represent all that is right and good in America. And that’s just the way it is. IN RECOGNITION OF SHERIFF CHARLES MCDONALD 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my friend, Sheriff Charles McDon-ald, who has served as a faithful law enforce-ment officer in Henderson County for over thir-ty years. With the support of his wife, Jennie, Sheriff McDonald has demonstrated an un-wavering commitment to the people of Hen-derson County and to the safety of our com-munity. Sheriff Charles McDonald served in the Navy for four years before beginning his public safety career in 1985 as a Patrol Deputy in Henderson County. Over the next 25 years, McDonald went on to serve as a Lieutenant in the Drug Enforcement Unit, Patrol Squad Lieu-tenant, SWAT Team Leader, Department Training Officer, Chief of Criminal Investiga-tions, Sheriff’s Command Staff, and Captain. In June 2010, Sheriff Charles McDonald re-tired with 25 years of service in public safety until March 2012 when he was appointed by the Henderson County Board of Commis-sioners to the Office of Sheriff. After six years of faithful service, Sheriff McDonald will com-plete his duty in office on December 3, 2018. Under Sheriff McDonald’s leadership, the department has effectively combated illegal and prescription drug abuse in the Henderson County community through prevention efforts, education, and enforcement. During his ten-ure, over $4.3 million dollars in illegal drugs have been apprehended by the Henderson County Drug Unit since 2014. Additionally, 245 drug conspirators, traffickers, dealers, and users have been arrested and prosecuted. Sheriff McDonald has prioritized rehabilitation for inmates by encouraging education in life skills and providing addiction resources through private and non-profit programs. Sheriff McDonald is highly regarded among his peers and has been recognized as a ‘‘vet-ted instructor’’ by the U.S. Department of State in ATA Counter Terrorism programs since the September 11th terrorist attacks. Sheriff McDonald has worked for private com-panies as a contract instructor concentrating in law enforcement tactical training and has served as an instructor abroad in South Amer-ica and the Middle East on Counter Terrorism, Crisis Response, and Tactical Command train-ing and planning. His devotion to public safety has established him as a respected leader in Henderson County and Western North Carolina. On be-half of the people of North Carolina, it is my distinct honor to recognize Sheriff McDonald for his devoted service to his community. 
f 
HONORING LARRY MEYER 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Larry Meyer for his contribution to our state and Decatur County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.017 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1523 November 14, 2018 
Larry served as County Chairman with honor and distinction in my hometown for al-most my entire time in Congress. He spent a career leading the Delta Faucet factory in Greensburg. The impact he has made in De-catur County cannot be overstated. Without a doubt, our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, I’ve known Larry and his wife, Shirley, since childhood. Their kids went to school with my brother and me, and their family has always been exceptionally kind to us. The Meyers were also among my earliest and most vocal supporters. I want to thank them for their friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish them continued suc-cess in all that God has planned for them and their family. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO OPERATION RECOGNITION CLASS OF 2018 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in proud recognition of the Operation Recognition Class of 2018. Operation Recognition is a pro-gram organized by the Riverside County Of-fice of Education, with assistance from the Riverside County Department of Veteran’s Services, that presents diplomas to residents of Riverside County who missed completing high school due to military service in World War II, the Korean War, or the Vietnam War, or due to internment in WWII Japanese-Amer-ican relocation camps. Riverside County’s Operation Recognition is modeled after programs implemented in other states. Numerous county offices of education and school districts throughout California oper-ate similar programs. The programs are yet another way to express our appreciation and gratitude for the significant contributions and sacrifices made by our veterans. The Operation Recognition Class of 2018 includes: Raymond Guzman Casares, U.S. Marine Corps, Korean War; Jerry Kenneth Ar-nold, U.S. Marine Corps, Korean War; Steve P. Stone, U.S. Army, Vietnam War; ‘‘Ron’’ Robert Jackson, U.S. Coast Guard, Korean War; Jack Stanley Griner, U.S. Navy, World War II; Charles John Whatley, U.S. Army, World War II; Pat S. Baca (posthumously), U.S. Army, World War II; Kenneth Bruce Wei-ner, U.S. Army, Vietnam War. On behalf of all Riverside County residents and a grateful nation, I want to thank these veterans for their service to our country and congratulate them on being part of the Oper-ation Recognition Class of 2018. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOSEPH C. CALIO, JR. 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of Joseph C. Calio, Jr. of Chagrin Falls, Ohio, a decorated World War II Hero who recently passed away peacefully at the age of 96. Mr. Calio was em-blematic of the young soldiers who fought and won that great conflict, then humbly returned home to lead productive lives and raise solid families as part of our country’s so-called ‘‘Greatest Generation.’’ Joe grew up in the deprivation of the Great Depression and was called to duty in World War II with the 95th Infantry Division of the United States Army. For his courage and valor in battle, he was honored with several awards including the Bronze Star Medal, World War II Victory Medal, Combat Infantryman Badge, and Honorable Service Lapel Button. Upon returning back to Ohio, Joe served for 40 years as an Auxiliary Policeman in the town of Lyndhurst where he was also a long-time participant, quarter master, and post commander of a local VFW Post. Along the way, he and his late wife Susan raised four children—Mary Ann, Joseph C. III, Nicholas, and Susie—who blessed their lives with 11 grandchildren and 7 great grandchildren. Sadly, we lose nearly 400 veterans per day, like Mr. Calio, who bravely served our great nation in World War II. According to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs statistics, less than 500,000 of the 16 million Americans who served in that War remain alive. We owe them a great debt of gratitude for their efforts, and shall never forget the sacrifices they made. So I am honored to help celebrate the noble and meaningful life of Joe Calio, as I believe his selfless dedication to country and commu-nity is something many of us can learn from in our own lives. The impact of his service is sure to continue through the achievements of his remarkable family who, while saddened by his passing, proudly carry on his distinguished legacy. f 
HONORING MARCIA PARKER 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Marcia Parker for her contribution to our state and Hancock County. Marcia has served Hancock County with honor and distinction for years. I have spent time with her at almost every Republican event I’ve attended in the county over the past six years. It’s been an honor to get to know Marcia and to work with her to advance our shared Republican values. On a personal note, Marcia is among my fa-vorite people that I met on this journey in Con-gress. She is smart, strong, honest, and loyal. Although we occasionally disagree, with Marcia, you always know where you stand. I will be forever grateful for her friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish her continued success in all that God has planned for her family. REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF SAMUEL E. ‘‘SAM’’ LANZA HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Samuel E. ‘‘Sam’’ Lanza, age 92, who passed away peacefully on Sat-urday, October 27, 2018, at his residence, with his loving family by his side. Sam was born on January 20, 1926 in War-ren, Ohio to Joseph L. and Edith Gustafson Lanza. A lifelong resident of the Warren area, Sam heard the call of his country and enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps on March 10, 1944. Serving during World War II, he earned the rank of corporal and was stationed in the Pa-cific with his military specialty Machine Gun Crewman. Sam was wounded in action on April 22, 1945, in Okinawa, and spent 16 months on a hospital ship and in other Naval hospitals until he was honorably discharged Aug. 12, 1946, from the Marine Barracks Training Center, Great Lakes, Illinois. He was awarded numer-ous decorations for his service to our country. These were: Honorable Service Button, the Purple Heart for wounds in action, the Good Conduct Medal and the Asiatic Pacific Ribbon. Sam started his career in Milwaukee at Nordberg Manufacturing Company, and Tex- Rite Corporation. Upon moving back to War-ren in March of 1948, he worked at the War Assets Administration and the Lordstown Ord-nance Depot until it closed in December 1963. Sam then was employed with the U.S. Army Support Element in Oakdale, Pennsylvania as a housing manager until Feb. 27, 1981. Sam joined the Disabled American Vet-erans, Trumbull County Chapter 11 in 1948, and was appointed the adjutant on a tem-porary basis and served in that position until the present. He also served as treasurer, chapter service officer and was the legislative chairman. Sam has gone through all the chairs of the DAV Department of Ohio and was elected to State Commander in June 1997, serving through 1998. He was called to also serve as a state senior vice commander and the DAV National Executive Committee. Sam was a lifetime member of numerous organizations: The Disabled American Vet-erans; the Military Order of the Purple Heart, where he served as commander of Chapter 606; the VFW; the Marine Corps League, where he was senior vice commandant for two years; the American Legion Post 540, of NAUS, NARFE where he was past president; and the AmVets. Sam has been honored by a proclamation naming May 8, 1992 as Sam Lanza Day in Warren, a second proclamation naming April 25, 1998, Sam Lanza Day in Warren and, on the same date, a proclamation naming Sam Lanza Day in Trumbull County. He was also honored by the Tribune Chronicle and the American Red Cross as a Community Star. Sam had many passions throughout his life. He enjoyed Notre Dame football and was an accomplished bowler, having even scored a 297 game. His wife, the former Shirley Joyce Meier, whom he married on May 24, 1946, died March 20, 2003, after 57 years of mar-riage together. He is survived by his three sons, Sam (Edna) Lanza of White Oak, Pa., 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.021 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1524 November 14, 2018 
David (Carol) Lanza of Mineral Ridge and Ed-ward (Donna) Lanza of Cortland; three daugh-ters, Linda Allen, Elaine Taylor and Marilyn Porec, all of Warren; nine grandchildren; 14 great-grandchildren; 14 great-great grand-children; and a longtime friend and com-panion, Jean Parke; along with a host of nieces, nephews, cousins and friends. Besides his parents and wife, Sam was preceded in death by a daughter, Margaret ‘‘Peggy’’ Eaton; three brothers, Joseph, Louis and Charles Lanza; and a sister, Lena Clark. Sam has left such an impact on our commu-nity and in the lives of his family and friends. I extend my most sincere and heartfelt condo-lences to his family and friends. 
f 
HAMILTON COUNTY JR. HIGH LADY FOXES SOFTBALL 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute the achievements of the Hamilton County Jr. High ‘‘Lady Foxes’’ softball team, who are now the Illinois Class L State Cham-pions. The Lady Foxes had an impressive season this year. They swept through their regional and sectional victories, and beat Wolf Branch and Triad in the first two rounds of the State Finals. The Hamilton County team beat Carterville 13–12 in their championship game. I want to congratulate team members Car-son Belangee, Breanna Blades, Ellie Deen, Emma Erwin, Kaelee Karcher, Alexandra Kolts, Mallorie Millenbine, Chayli Phelps, Eliz-abeth Weaver, Kaylie Brake, Cambria Currie, Whitley Miller, Hannah Moore, Brianna Sand-ers, Cady Zellers, and coaches Lynn Braden and Kelsey Bowman for such an amazing ac-complishment. As a former baseball player, I understand the amount of hard work and com-mitment to be awarded such a title. I am proud there is such promising talent in our community, and to see them represent McLeansboro throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, these student-athletes and their coaches have represented themselves, their school, and the 15th district of Illinois in an exemplary fashion. I join the rest of the community in wishing them all the best in their future academic and athletic endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT A. WOLF 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to former California Transportation Committee Commissioner and my dear friend, Robert A. Wolf, who passed away on Sunday, October 21, 2018. Bob served the people of California and Riverside County in many ways throughout his life and he will be deeply missed. Bob was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, be-fore being raised in Riverside County. After graduating from Ramona High School, Bob went to the College of the Desert to earn his degree. Bob served as an Army combat medic during the Vietnam War. For his bravery and lifesaving actions he received 11 decorations, many for valor. After the war, Bob began his business career as a partner with his father-in- law Hans Kirschsieper at Germania Construc-tion Corporation. Bob played an important role shaping Riverside County and specialized in job creating projects that resonated harmo-niously with the communities in which they are situated. Bob’s dedication to the redevelop-ment of March Air Force Base in Riverside, California led to a project that will have eco-nomic benefits long into the future. Throughout his life, Bob made public service a priority and served on a host of local boards and commissions, including the Riverside County Flood Control Commission, the Moreno Valley Planning Commission, and the Riverside County Planning Commission. Bob was also appointed to a number of positions with the State of California, including Under-secretary, Business, Transportation and Hous-ing Agency, and to the California Transpor-tation Commission. Always an advocate for solutions to our public policy challenges, Bob was an active member of organizations like the Valley Group and the Moreno Valley Chamber of Commerce. In recognition for Bob’s many contributions to his community, he received a long list of honors and recognitions throughout his distinguished life. Bob is survived by the love of his life Helga Kirschsieper Wolf, his children Shawna and Kevin; grandchildren Theodore, Parker, Brayden, Laynie, Alyssa, Kaitlyn and Lucas. I want to extend my heartfelt condolences to the entire Wolf family, his friends, and every-one who had the pleasure of knowing him. Al-though Bob may be gone, the many contribu-tions he made in Riverside County will have a lasting impact. f 
HONORING BARB ANDERSON 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Barb Anderson for her contribution to our state and Shelby County. Barb has always put her fellow Hoosiers first and made a positive impact in the Shelby-ville community. For decades, she led Girls Inc., an incredible organization that empowers girls in Shelby County. Our state is better off today because of Barb’s extraordinary leader-ship and service. On a personal note, I’ve known Barb for most of the past two decades and my wife, Jennifer, worked with her as part of Girls Inc. Barb has been a mentor to both of my daugh-ters. She is one of my closest friends in poli-tics, and she always kept us organized in Shelby County. Without a doubt, Barb em-bodies the Girls Inc. principles of being strong, smart, and bold. I want to thank Barb for her friendship and support of my work in Congress. She is a loyal friend and wise adviser and my family wishes Barb all the best in whatever God has planned for her future. HONORING MARK PARR HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Mark Parr. Mark is a very special young man who has exempli-fied the finest qualities of citizenship and lead-ership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1393, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Mark has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Mark has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Mark has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mark completed land-scaping at St. Therese North Catholic Church in Kansas City. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Mark Parr for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 175TH ANNIVERSARY OF TEJON RANCH 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 175th anniversary of Tejon Ranch. For nearly two centuries, Tejon Ranch has been among California’s most es-sential hubs for commerce. Spread across over 270,000 acres of Cen-tral California’s southern mountainous reaches, the land that would become Tejon Ranch has a rich history predating California’s statehood. Tejon Ranch was initially estab-lished through several Mexican land grants, the first being Rancho el Tejon issued in 1843. Edward Beale, a hero of the Mexican-Amer-ican War, purchased the Rancho el Tejon land grant in 1865, and he quickly followed this purchase by buying the neighboring Rancho Los Alamos, Agua Caliente, and Rancho de Castac. Together, these four parcels comprise Tejon Ranch as it is known today. Under Beale’s direction, Tejon Ranch devel-oped into an integral economic component of a rapidly-growing Kern County, becoming the county’s premiere cattle ranch operation by the time of Beale’s death in 1893. In 1915, Tejon Ranch solidified its place in California history with the construction of the Ridge Route, a pivotal roadway that connected Northern and Southern California through the state’s Central Valley for the first time. Though it has changed and expanded over the years, portions of the original route now form a key artery of Interstate 5 and is driven by millions each year. Today, Tejon Ranch continues to play a key role in Kern County’s economy and culture. While cattle ranching can still be found on Tejon Ranch, Tejon has expanded its busi-ness footprint to new industries, drawing com-panies from around the world to invest in Cali-fornia. Most recently, Foreign Trade Zone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.026 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1525 November 14, 2018 
#276, which includes Tejon Ranch, was re-es-tablished earlier this year, doubling the pre-vious designation in square footage and im-proving the flow of commerce throughout Cali-fornia. Finally, land at Tejon Ranch has been used to honor our nation’s veterans at the Ba-kersfield National Cemetery, which offers our heroes a dignified place of final rest amid the stunning vistas of the Tehachapi Mountains. Tejon Ranch is also a keystone region for ecological conservation. Established on June 17, 2009, the Tejon Ranch Conservancy was the product of a collaborative effort between the Tejon Ranch Company and conservation groups to protect the one-of-a-kind natural beauty of the Tejon Ranch landscape. To meet these needs, an overwhelming majority of ranch property—an immense 240,000 acres—has been dedicated to conservation. This land is now used by visitors from around the world to explore the breathtaking natural gem of the Tehachapi Mountains and to view wildlife, such as the California Condor, in their natural environment. Tejon Ranch is a one-of-a-kind place that has been critical to the success of Kern Coun-ty. While Tejon Ranch has offered our com-munity innumerable economic and recreational benefits, it has above all else illustrated what it means to be a good steward of the land. Tejon Ranch has left a defining mark on our county, our state, our nation, and indeed the world. There’s no other place on earth like Tejon Ranch and this land and the values it represents remain a key component of Kern County’s core essence. I am confident that it will continue to play this role for centuries to come. 
f 
HONORING CHRIS KING 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Chris King for his con-tribution to our state and Shelby County. As a member of the 6th District Manufac-turing Advisory Committee, Chris regularly met with my team to discuss emerging manufac-turing issues that are impacting Indiana. The Shelbyville community is better off because of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Chris was among my earliest and most vocal supporters. He is a loyal friend and wise adviser. I want to thank him for his incredible support of my work in Congress, and wish Chris continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
f 
HONORING FAMILY CAREGIVER RESOURCE CENTER 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the services and contributions the Fam-ily Caregiver Resource Center (FCRC) offers to the Family Caregivers in Orange County. The FCRC is a non-profit organization, es-tablished in 1988 to assist family caregivers who care for adults over sixty who are frail or adults age 18 and older with brain impairing conditions. The FCRC aids through various multicultural services which include family consultation, as-sessment and care planning, counseling, sup-port groups, respite assistance, and education. In fact, in 1997, the FCRC started the first Vi-etnamese service program in the United Sates to ensure that the Vietnamese community in Orange County receive the services they need in their language. The continuous devotion to serve the Family Caregivers and their families have earned the FCRC many awards such as Community Part-ner of the year from National Multiple Scle-rosis Society Pacific South Coast Chapter in 2016, the Innovations in Alzheimer’s Disease Caregiving Legacy Award in 2014 at the Na-tional Center on Aging, and the Diverse/ Multi-cultural Communities Award and Legacy Award from CSUF Institute Gerontology in 2008. While I join you all to recognize family care-givers across the country on the National Caregiver Month, it is with great pleasure that I recognize the Family Caregiver Resource Center for its contributions, dedication, and ef-forts to help vulnerable caregiver families in Orange County. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. WAYNE R. REYNOLDS 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Wayne R. Reynolds of Washington, D.C. Mr. Reynolds served as Chairman of the Ford’s Theatre Society Board of Trustees from 2006 to 2012. I would like to acknowledge Mr. Reynolds for his dedication to expanding the Society’s educational programming and for transforming Ford’s Theatre into a center for learning dedicated to the life and legacy of Abraham Lincoln. Wayne R. Reynolds attended the University of California, Los Angeles for his under-graduate education, receiving a degree in eco-nomics in 1977 then continuing at Pepperdine Law School, where he earned his J.D. in 1981. Mr. Reynolds serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the American Acad-emy of Achievement. Through his hard work and vision, the Academy has expanded to in-clude the Museum of the American Dream, the Achievement Television Network, and the annual International Achievement Summit. These organizations bring together leaders and scholars from diverse disciplines to share their experience with graduate students from across the globe. The American Academy of Achievement’s Salute to Excellence program has provided over 10,000 students the opportunity to de-velop their leadership skills. Many students who participated in the program have received scholarships through the Academy’s sponsor-ship. Wayne R. Reynolds is highly regarded among his peers and has received numerous awards, including the Woodrow Wilson Award for Public Service, the National Geographic Evening of Exploration Award, and the Smithsonian’s National Portrait Gallery Found-ing Chairs Award. His dedication to promoting leadership and his devotion to President Lin-coln’s legacy have made him worthy of the high esteem that accompanies each of these awards. It is my distinct honor to recognize Mr. Wayne R. Reynolds’ dedication to Ford’s Theatre Society Board of Trustees and his commitment to creating a better future. f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR KYLE SCHULL 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to Major Kyle Schull who will receive an honorable discharge from the United States Marine Corps after over eleven years of service. I had the distinct pleasure of hosting Major Schull in my office as a Defense Fellow in 2015. Major Schull’s extensive military experience benefited the of-fice tremendously and he offered a unique perspective, was always prepared, and took on any task with a smile. Major Schull was born in 1984 and grew up with his three younger siblings, Katie, Kari and Collin, in the beautiful, albeit chilly, town of Watertown, South Dakota where his parents, Lee and Jan, still live today. In 2003, Major Schull graduated from Watertown High School. Upon his graduation, Major Schull was ac-cepted to the U.S. Naval Academy in Annap-olis, MD, where he earned a B.S. in Political Science. Upon his graduation from the Naval Academy, Kyle was commissioned as a Sec-ond Lieutenant in the U.S. Marine Corps. Following commissioning, Major Kyle Schull served at his first duty station, the Marine Air Control Squadron 4 Okinawa, Japan, from June 2008 through December 2010 as a Lo-gistics Officer. He was then assigned to Com-bat Logistics Battalion 6; Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, where he served as the Future Op-erations Officer from January 2011 through April 2012. Major Schull was then promoted to Transportation Support Company Commander at Combat Logistics Battalion 6; Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, where he remained from April 2012 through February 2014. He was then assigned to Combat Logistics Regi-ment 2; Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, as the Assistant Regimental Operations Officer from March 2014 through August 2014. In 2014, Major Schull was selected for the Department of Defense Congressional Fellowship Program where he severed as my Defense Fellow in support of California’s 42nd Congressional District from January to December of 2015. During his time as my Defense Fellow, he met his lovely future wife, Chelsea Schull. Fol-lowing his fellowship, he was assigned to be the Staff Secretary and Legislative liaison to the Deputy Commandant of the Marine Corps for Installations and Logistics from January 2016 to May of 2018. He served in an array of positions within Headquarters Marine Corps Installations and Logistics Command and cur-rently serves as the 04xx Occ Field Sponsor and LPC–3 Section Head. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.031 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1526 November 14, 2018 
As a civilian, Major Schull enjoys traveling, helping others realize their love of traveling, and hopes to one day see the Pyramids. Kyle is also an entrepreneur at heart and will begin working for his family’s company, Building Products, Inc. and Schull Construction Co., after separating from the Marine Corps. I have no doubt that he will succeed in this new phase of his life. During his time in my office, Kyle focused his efforts on defense acquisition, defense ap-propriations, the intelligence community, vet-erans affairs, and many other policy areas. He was an invaluable resource to all my staff and I would also like to take this opportunity to thank his family for supporting him through the years; he truly is one impressive guy. On be-half of everyone in the office, I would like to extend a heartfelt thank you to Major Schull for all his hard work, his dedicated service to our country and let him know that my office door is always open to him. 
f 
HONORING GREG RUST 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Greg Rust for his con-tribution to our state and Decatur County. On a personal note, I have known Greg and his wife Judy since childhood. His family has always been kind to my family. And, Greg is a loyal friend and wise adviser. Whether he knows it or not, Greg’s consistent encourage-ment has been an inspiration to me through-out my career. Without a doubt, Greg was among my ear-liest and most vocal supporters in Decatur County. I want to thank Greg for his incredible support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FRED D. GARRETT, SR. 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a fellow South Carolinian and longtime friend, Fred D. Garrett, Sr. Born in Salley, South Carolina to the late Rev. John E. Garrett and First Lady Mattie Baston Garrett, Fred Garrett grew up in his fa-ther’s churches. He carried throughout his life the values of servant leadership and commu-nity engagement he learned through his child-hood experiences in the church. After graduating high school in 1943, Mr. Garrett enlisted in the United States Navy and served through the end of World War II in a segregated unit. Upon completing his military service, he returned home to South Carolina where he enrolled in South Carolina State Col-lege. He graduated in 1951 with a Bachelors in Agricultural Science with plans to modernize the state’s agricultural industry. Mr. Garrett began his career in public serv-ice working for Florence County, South Caro-lina as an agent for Clemson University’s Agri-cultural Extension Program. Shortly after marrying his wife of 66 years, Mamie Williams Garrett, he moved to Greenville, South Caro-lina and became Clemson’s Agricultural Exten-sion Agent there. In 1958 he was hired part-time as an em-ployee of the then Watkins, Arnold and Sheppard Mortuary. He quickly became a part-owner/manager of the business, which changed its name to Watkins, Garrett & Woods Mortuary. Fred Garrett, Sr. became sole owner of the mortuary in 1993. Mr. Garrett has served his community in nu-merous positions including his role as a life-time member of the NAACP, membership with the Greenville County Planning Commission, a member of the Rainbow PUSH Steering Com-mittee, board member with the Greenville Urban League/Urban League Upstate, and board member of the Greenville Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Garrett was also a member of the Mu Pi Chapter of Omega Psi Phi Frater-nity, Inc. He received many awards for his service and business leadership, most recently a Business and Community Service Award from the Minority Economic Development Insti-tute. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues to join me in honoring the life, leadership, and legacy of service of this outstanding South Carolinian. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, No-vember 15, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
NOVEMBER 27 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the findings and recommendations of the Commis-sion on the National Defense Strategy. SD–G50 NOVEMBER 28 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Mindy Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Secretary for Food Safety, Naomi C. Earp, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Scott Hutch-ins, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Econom-ics, all of the Department of Agri-culture. SR–328A 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine reducing health care costs, focusing on improv-ing affordability through innovation. SD–430 NOVEMBER 29 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Thomas McCaffery, of Cali-fornia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and William Bookless, of Cali-fornia, to be Principal Deputy Admin-istrator, National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration, Department of Energy. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, focusing on regulator and law enforcement perspectives on reform. SD–538 DECEMBER 4 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Lieutenant General Kenneth F. McKenzie, Jr., to be General and Com-mander, Central Command, and Lieu-tenant General Richard D. Clarke, to be General and Commander, Special Operations Command, both of the De-partment of Defense. SD–G50 DECEMBER 5 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine pilot programs at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. SD–538 10:15 a.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the eco-nomic outlook. SH–216 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps readiness. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.035 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D1171 Wednesday, November 14, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 140, Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act, with a fur-ther amendment. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6937–S6968 Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and one reso-lution were introduced, as follows: S. 3615–3627, and S. Res. 687.
                                                 Pages S6963–64 
Measures Reported: S. 2861, to prosecute, as a Federal crime, the as-sault or intimidation of a passenger train crew mem-ber to the same extent as such actions against air-craft crew members are prosecuted, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–356) S. 2941, to improve the Cooperative Observer Program of the National Weather Service, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–357) S. 1012, to provide for drought preparedness measures in the State of New Mexico, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–358) S. 3001, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and facilities of the Central Valley Project, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–359) H.R. 2156, to provide for the establishment of a national memorial and national monument to com-memorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–360) H.R. 4446, to amend the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission. (S. Rept. No. 115–361) H.R. 6040, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to convey certain land and facilities of the Cen-tral Valley Project. (S. Rept. No. 115–362) H.R. 5317, to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands. (S. Rept. No. 115–363) S. 884, to amend the Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1993 to require the Bureau of Land Management to provide a claimant of a small miner waiver from claim maintenance fees with a period of 60 days after written receipt of 1 or more defects is provided to the claimant by registered mail to cure the 1 or more defects or pay the claim maintenance fee, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–364) H.R. 2630, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Ari-zona, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–365) 
                                                                                            Page S6963 
House Messages: Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act: By 94 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. 241), Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 140, to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, with a further amendment pro-posed thereto:
                                                              Page S6940 
McConnell (for Thune) Modified Amendment No. 4054, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Page S6940 
Appointments: National Security Commission on Artificial In-telligence: The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Majority Leader of the Senate and the Chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence, appointed the following individual as a member of the National Security Commission on Ar-tificial Intelligence: Jason Matheny, of the District of Columbia.
                                                                      Page S6967 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO8.REC D14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1172 November 14, 2018 
United States-China Economic and Security Re-view Commission: The Chair announced, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 106–398, as amended by Public Law 108–7, and in consultation with the Chairmen of the Senate Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Committee on Finance, the re-appointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission: Robin Cleveland, of Virginia, for a term expiring December 31, 2020.
                  Page S6967 
Certain Defense Articles and Services to the Government of the Kingdom of Bahrain— Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 11 a.m., on Thursday, November 15, 2018, and notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, Senator Paul be recog-nized under the order of Tuesday, November 13, 2018, in relation to S.J. Res. 65, relating to the dis-approval of the proposed export to the Government of the Kingdom of Bahrain of certain defense articles and services, and that the time in relation to the motion to discharge be equally divided between the proponents and opponents until 12:15 p.m., and Senate vote on or in relation to the motion at that time.
                                                                                 Page S6967 
Bowman Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
                                                                                    Pages S6941–58 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 63 yeas to 36 nays (Vote No. EX. 242), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S6940–41 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, following disposition of the motion to dis-charge S.J. Res. 65, relating to the disapproval of the proposed export to the Government of the King-dom of Bahrain of certain defense articles and serv-ices, Senate continue consideration of the nomina-tion, post-cloture, with all post-cloture time on the nomination expiring at 1:45 p.m.
                    Page S6967 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Joseph V. Cuffari, of Arizona, to be Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security. Neomi J. Rao, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Co-lumbia Circuit. 1 Coast Guard nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast Guard, and Marine Corps.
                                    Page S6968 Messages from the House:                                 Page S6962 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6962 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6962–63 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S6963 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S6963 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6963–66 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S6966 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6960–62 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S6967 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6967 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—242)
                                                        Pages S6940–41 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:23 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, November 15, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6967.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DOD CYBERSECURITY ACQUISITION AND PRACTICES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Cyber-security concluded a hearing to examine the Depart-ment of Defense’s cybersecurity acquisition and prac-tices from the private sector, after receiving testi-mony from Dmitri Alperovitch, CrowdStrike Inc.; Major General John Davis, USA (Ret.), Palo Alto Networks; Francis Landolf, Core Consulting, LLC; and Ronald Nielsen, Parsons Corporation. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Patricia Mahoney, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Benin, Richard Carlton Paschall III, of North Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Republic of The Gambia, and Susan N. Stevenson, of Wash-ington, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Equa-torial Guinea, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-ably reported S. 1942, to direct the Attorney Gen-eral to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address missing and murdered Indians, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO8.REC D14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1173 November 14, 2018 
INDIAN AFFAIRS LEGISLATION Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine S. 2788, to repeal the Act enti-tled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of North Dakota over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Devils Lake Indian Reservation’’, H.R. 2606, to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civ-ilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and H.R. 4032, to con-firm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or ease-ments on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land lo-cated in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Ari-zona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River In-dian Community, after receiving testimony from Darryl LaCounte, Acting Director, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; James R. Floyd, Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Okmulgee, Oklahoma; Douglas Yankton, Spirit Lake Tribe, Fort Totten, North Dakota; and Barney B. Enos, Jr., Gila River Indian Community, Sacaton, Arizona. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-lic bills, H.R. 7124–7133; 2 private bills, H.R. 7134–7135; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 1146–1147, were introduced.
                                                Pages H9525–26 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H9526 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2069, to provide priority under certain fed-erally assisted housing programs to assist youths who are aging out of foster care, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1023); H.R. 2570, to amend the Truth in Lending Act to clarify that the points and fees in connection with a mortgage loan do not include certain compensation amounts already taken into account in setting the interest rate on such loan, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1024); H.R. 2683, to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to delay the inclusion in consumer credit reports and to establish requirements for debt collectors with respect to medical debt information of veterans due to inappropriate or delayed billing payments or reimbursements from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1025); H.R. 1511, to amend the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to meet the needs of home-less children, youth, and families, and honor the as-sessments and priorities of local communities, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–1026, Part 1); H.R. 3288, to amend title 40, United States Code, to promote regional economic and infrastruc-ture development, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1027, Part 1); and H.R. 4177, to enhance the Federal Government’s planning and preparation for extreme weather and the Federal Government’s dissemination of best prac-tices to respond to extreme weather, thereby increas-ing resilience, improving regional coordination, and mitigating the financial risk to the Federal Govern-ment from such extreme weather, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–1028, Part 1).                Page H9525 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by Jason Smith, Deputy Parliamentarian, U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, Washington, D.C.
                          Page H9513 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:12 p.m. and re-convened at 3:46 p.m.
                                            Page H9514 
Manage our Wolves Act—Rule for consider-ation: The House agreed to H. Res. 1142, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6784) to provide for removal of the gray wolf in the contiguous 48 States from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife published under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, by a yea-and-nay vote of 201 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 418.
                                Pages H9514–22 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, November 13th. Authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to grant to States and local governments easements and rights-of-way over Federal land within Gate-way National Recreation Area for construction, op-eration, and maintenance of projects for control and prevention of flooding and shoreline erosion: H.R. 6666, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to grant to States and local governments easements and rights-of-way over Federal land within Gateway National Recreation Area for construction, operation, and maintenance of projects for control and preven-tion of flooding and shoreline erosion.
           Page H9522 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO8.REC D14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1174 November 14, 2018 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H9521–22. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 5:27 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
INTERAGENCY CYBER COOPERATION: ROLES, RESPONSIBILITIES AND AUTHORITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities; and Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection of the House Committee on Homeland Security held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Interagency Cyber Coopera-tion: Roles, Responsibilities and Authorities of the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security’’. Testimony was heard from Jea-nette Manfra, Assistant Secretary for the Office of Cybersecurity and Communications, Department of Homeland Security; Kenneth Rapuano, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security, and Principal Cyber Advisor, De-partment of Defense; and Lieutenant General Brad-ford J. Shwedo, Director for Command, Control, Communications and Computers /Cyber, Chief Infor-mation Officer, Joint Chiefs of Staff. A portion of this hearing was closed. SEMI-ANNUAL TESTIMONY ON THE FEDERAL RESERVE’S SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE FINANCIAL SYSTEM Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Semi-Annual Testimony on the Federal Reserve’s Supervision and Regulation of the Financial System’’. Testimony was heard from Randal Quarles, Vice Chairman for Supervision, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE COUNTERTERRORISM BUREAU: ENSURING RESOURCES MATCH OBJECTIVES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of State Counterterrorism Bureau: Ensuring Resources Match Objectives’’. Tes-timony was heard from Nathan Alexander Sales, Co-ordinator for Counterterrorism, Bureau of Counter-terrorism and Countering Violent Extremism, De-partment of State. 180-DAY REVIEW OF THE ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD MODERNIZATION PROGRAM Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Tech-nology Modernization held a hearing entitled ‘‘180- Day Review of the Electronic Health Record Mod-ernization Program’’. Testimony was heard from John Windom, Executive Director, Office of Elec-tronic Health Record Modernization, Department of Veterans Affairs; and a public witness. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the semiannual testimony on the Federal Reserve’s supervision and regulation of the fi-nancial system, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Rita Baranwal, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Nu-clear Energy), Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and Raymond David Vela, of Texas, to be Director of the National Park Service, Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine funding needs for wildlife conservation, recovery, and management, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nominations of Andrew M. Saul, of New York, to be Commissioner of Social Security for the term expiring January 19, 2019, and Gail S. Ennis, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, both of the Social Security Administra-tion, and Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Di-rector of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Ronald D. Vitiello, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, and Richard S. Tischner, of Virginia, to be Director of the Court Services and Offender Super-vision Agency for the District of Columbia, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2432, to amend the charter of the Future Farmers of America, H.R. 4100, to amend title 36, United States Code, to revise the Federal charter for the Foundation of the Federal Bar Association, S. 3339 and H.R. 3996, bills to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to transfer certain cases to United States Tax 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO8.REC D14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1175 November 14, 2018 Court, and the nominations of Bridget S. Bade, of Ari-zona, and Eric D. Miller, of Washington, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Eric E. Murphy, of Ohio, and Chad A. Readler, of Ohio, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Allison Jones Rushing, of North Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Rossie David Alston, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Virginia, Thomas P. Barber, and Wendy Williams Berger, both to be a United States Dis-trict Judge for the Middle District of Florida, Pamela A. Barker, to be United States District Judge for the North-ern District of Ohio, Karin J. Immergut, to be United States District Judge for the District of Oregon, Corey Landon Maze, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Sarah Daggett Morrison, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Ohio, Rodney Smith, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, T. Kent Wetherell II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida, Richard A. Hertling, of Maryland, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, and Kim Gaffney, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Wisconsin, Bradley Jay LaRose, to be United States Marshal for the District of Vermont, and Douglas J. Strike, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Iowa, all of the De-partment of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3593, the ‘‘Securing Our Borders and Wilder-ness Act’’; H.R. 5025, to amend the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation Act to limit the imposition of penalties against a person fishing on a United States flag fishing vessel in certain areas of the Pacific Ocean based on a report by an observer on such a vessel; H.R. 6507, the ‘‘Oil Region National Heritage Area Reauthorization Act’’; H.R. 6602, to reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route, and for other purposes; H.R. 6652, to direct the Secretary of the Inte-rior to convey certain facilities, easements, and rights-of- way to the Kennewick Irrigation District, and for other purposes; H.R. 6939, the ‘‘Restoring Local Input and Ac-cess to Public Lands Act of 2018’’; S. 245, the ‘‘Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2017’’; and S. 669, the ‘‘Columbia River In-Lieu and Treaty Fishing Access Sites Improvement Act’’, 9:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Misconduct and Re-taliation at the U.S. Forest Service’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring VA’s Oversight of Contract Disability Exami-nations’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing enti-tled ‘‘A Continued Review of GI Bill Payment Delays’’, 4 p.m., 334 Cannon. Joint Meetings 
Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform: business meeting to markup the Committee’s re-port, recommendations, and legislative language, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO8.REC D14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1176 November 14, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, November 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 11 a.m.), Senator Paul will be recognized to make a motion to discharge S.J. Res. 65, relating to the disapproval of the proposed export to the Government of the Kingdom of Bahrain of certain defense articles and services, and Senate will vote on the motion at 12:15 p.m. Following disposition of S.J. Res. 65, Senate will con-tinue consideration of the nomination of Michelle Bow-man, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 1:45 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, November 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1519, E1520, E1521, E1523, E1524, E1525 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E1526 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1525 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1524 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1520 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E1521 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E1519 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1520 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1519 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1519 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E1524 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E1522, E1525 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1519, E1520, E1520, E1521, E1522, E1522, E1523, E1524, E1525, E1526 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1522 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1521 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1520, E1522, E1523 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1524 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1523 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1521 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Nov 15, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14NO8.REC D14NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST