Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S847 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2018 No. 26 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, February 13, 2018, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
FRIDAY , FEBRUARY 9, 2018 
(Legislative day of Thursday, February 8, 2018) The Senate met at 12:01 a.m., on the expiration of the recess, and was called to order by the Honorable J
AMES  L
ANKFORD , a Senator from the State of Oklahoma. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O Sovereign Lord, at this midnight hour, show us Your greatness. In these challenging days, be our strength and shield. No one is like You. Your way is perfect; Your promises prove true. You rescue those who look to You for pro-tection. Great and mighty are Your words. Give wisdom to our lawmakers. Re-mind them how brief their time on Earth will be. Help them to see that they are moving shadows, who bring nothing into this world and will take nothing from it. Remind us all that time is fleeting, and our hearts, though stout and brave, continue to beat fu-neral marches to the grave. And so, Lord, where do we put our trust? Our hope is in You. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, February 9, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
AMES LANKFORD , a Senator from the State of Oklahoma, to per-form the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. LANKFORD thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader. 
f 
HONORING HOMETOWN HEROES ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I call for regular order. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the pending business. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany H.R. 1892, a bill to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with amendment No. 1930, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell amendment No. 1931 (to amend-ment No. 1930), to change the enactment date. McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McCon-nell amendment No. 1932, to change the en-actment date. McConnell amendment No. 1933 (to (the in-structions) amendment No. 1932), of a per-fecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 1934 (to amend-ment No. 1933), of a perfecting nature. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, what we have experienced today is a long debate about how we should spend our money, and I have said repeatedly that this is a terrible, rotten, no-good way to spend your money. It is a terrible way to budget your money. It is a terrible thing to sort of lurch from deadline to deadline. Basically, Congress lurches all the way to a dead-line. We approach midnight, and we are either up or down on some bill that is decided by a few people but not by the vast majority. So Congress basically lurches from deadline to deadline, and then Congress waits until the last minute and then gloms all of the spending together in one enormous bill. When that bill comes forward, though, at the very last minute, we are told that we don’t have enough time to de-bate and amend the bill, so no one real-ly is allowed to participate in the proc-ess other than a few folks behind closed doors. The consequences of this have not been good, I think, for the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.000 S09FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES848 February 9, 2018 
All day long, what we have been re-questing and what I have been asking for is simply 15 minutes to have one amendment, and my amendment would have said that we should live within our means, that we should live within the budgetary caps we have set and try not to add too much debt. We were de-nied this amendment even though we have had plenty of time. We probably had time for 40 or 50 amendments today had we actually allowed this to happen. But make no mistake—the result of this bill today is a bipartisan looting of the Treasury. We are going to now have a bill that will expand spending across the board and will lead to tril-lion-dollar annual deficits. But it doesn’t have to be that way. I think the Senate, if it actually tried harder, could do the right thing. If we were passing individual appropriations bills, no one Senator would ever stop any-thing, would ever be able to shut down anything. If we had done our job, the appropriations bills would have already been passed or be in the process of passing for the following year, and I think it just takes willpower to do it. Everybody you talk to says: Oh yeah, we should do it that way. Everybody sort of quietly says: This is the last time I am voting for a CR or for one of these enormous spending bills. Yet we are on our fourth one this year. Even though I have great complaints about how much debt is going to be added with this, I think we also are finding that we will have another one of these in a month. So really I think that is what is disconcerting to a lot of us, is that we don’t go through the process of actually looking for waste in government, going through the com-mittee process, and spending the money more wisely. Earlier today, I went through a series of wasteful projects that are out there. Many of them are very similar to wasteful projects that William Prox-mire had started noticing in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Yet we still have many of that same waste that goes on and on and on. Only four times in the last 42 years has Congress actually passed all the appropriations bills, but it is not im-possible even in our modern era. This year, the House actually passed all 12 appropriations bills. Yet we didn’t have time, somehow, to take up any of that or do any of the work on our side. But there are real consequences to what happens, and one of the consequences here is that we are accumulating new debt at about $1 million a minute. We have for some time. The new estimates actually are closer to $2 million a minute. It is going to be about $1 tril-lion a year. When you look at the debt that was accumulated for the last 17 years or so, George W. Bush doubled the debt from $5 trillion to $10 trillion. President Obama doubled the debt from $10 tril-lion to $20 trillion. And now we are on course to exceed $30 trillion in the next 7 years or so. So there really are signs that the budget process is broken in the sense that we are always doing these short continuing resolutions, but there is also evidence that we are not being very good stewards of the money in putting all the spending together in one bill at one time. I think the vote tonight is a vote about many things. It is about whether you favor a government accumulating so much debt. It is about whether you can reckon that with your conscience when you—many of us—complain for years and years about the trillion-dol-lar annual deficits of President Obama. And it really is also a litmus test of conservatism, because some of us have maintained for years that we are fis-cally conservative, and we go home to our States and say we are holding the line. Yet it only appears sometimes that we are conservative when we are in the minority, and that is really a good question. Are we to be conserv-ative all of the time or only when we are in the minority? Some will say we must govern, and my question about governing is, Does governing mean abandoning one’s prin-ciples? Does governing mean that we are just going to be senseless and spend and throw money at every problem? Some said this is a great deal because it is bipartisan, but really, in some ways, it is a bipartisan compromise in the wrong direction. Both sides have come together and said: We will spend more money on the sacred cow that each side wants. But in reality, the person who gets shafted is the taxpayer and the next generation that is going to be burdened by this debt. There are some procedural ways we could try to avoid this. We could all just do the right thing, but that hasn’t seemed to work for decade after dec-ade. There are ideas, such as the Govern-ment Shutdown Prevention Act, and what it would do is it would say that if the appropriations committees don’t do their job—if they have 12 months to ac-tually come up with an appropriations bill and then the deadline comes and in 12 months they haven’t done their job—what would happen is, the govern-ment wouldn’t shut down; the govern-ment would continue spending money, but it would be at 1 percent less than they have been spending money. I think you have to have that ham-mer. You have to have some kind of punishment for not doing your job, and the punishment here would be that we would slow the rate of growth of gov-ernment—slow it down, 1 percent cut. It doesn’t sound enormous, but if you actually had a 1-percent cut annually in the balance, you actually would bal-ance your budget within about 5 years. So a 1-percent cut would actually be pretty dramatic and actually going in the right direction. For those who don’t want to cut spending, the 1-percent cut would be an incentive to do their job, to actually process the appropriations bills and have them come out. Even if we only did 6 out of the 12 ap-propriations bills, only one-half of the government would cut down. So every appropriations bill that is actually brought through committee and brought to the floor is one step in the right direction. It makes it less likely that we would have a complete shut-down. I think that drawing attention to how much debt we are accumulating is important. Some will say that it was a mistake to have this debate today. This debate could have been shortened and could have been finished by noon today had we been granted 15 minutes to have one amendment. So I think part of the process is, even if we were going to do the appropria-tions bills the way many of us would like, I think they should come to the floor and we should have a week or two of amendments. It is the most impor-tant thing we are supposed to be doing. Why couldn’t we have amendments? We do sort of the opposite now, and we wait until the very last minute. So we have waited all week long to put this at the end of the week and let it expire toward the end as people get tired, and then everybody says: Well, you don’t want to shut down the government, do you? And I really don’t. My intention has never been to shut down the gov-ernment, but my intention is also not to keep it open and borrowing $1 mil-lion a minute. My intention is not to vote for bills that are always just keep-ing it open, bills that actually spend so much money that I think they endan-ger our security. There have been those who say that the greatest threat to our national se-curity is actually our debt. I think that is true. And I think if we don’t rectify this, if we don’t fix our broken system, if we don’t show the American public that we can function in a way better than lurching from deadline to deadline, I think eventually the Amer-ican people are going to catch on that maybe they need some new people if we can’t do it in an appropriate fashion. I see no reason, on the first day of the legislature, that our leadership couldn’t sit in the chair and say to ev-eryone: We are going to do all 12 appro-priations bills individually. We will spend 3 months in the committee on all of them, we will bring them to the floor, and we will do a week or two on every bill. That would be the primary thing we did during the entire year, but we would review all the spending to make sure we are not wasting the money, to make sure there are not programs in there that are wasteful. Right now, we are going through a Pentagon audit. Instead of actually en-forcing things on the Pentagon to spend better, we are actually just giv-ing the Pentagon a pile of more money. So the recent audit had $800 million that was missing or lost. That is a large amount of money. The recent audit also says that there is over $100 billion that actually was spent in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.002 S09FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S849 February 9, 2018 
wasteful manner. I would think we would want to take something like that, go through the appropriations process, and try to fix the spending. But you will never get less waste if you give people more money. So really the bottom line is, you have to give people less money. If you give people more money, they will continue to waste it at the same rate. You can say we are rooting out waste, but if you are always increasing the amount of money you give people, there will be more waste. There are some Depart-ments of government that should be completely cut out, eliminated. I think there is a lot that can be done, but none of this is happening now. When we glom all the spending to-gether in one enormous bill, there is not enough time to read it, and if there are no amendments, there is no way or no process to go through and try to re-form government. I think this has been a very useful debate, and my hope is that those who mutter and say ‘‘Gosh, why are we hav-ing to do this so late at night?’’ will say ‘‘Why do we do it at all this way? Why can’t we do it in a better way next year? Why can’t we begin to do the process of actually sending bills through committee and debating them in a normal fashion?’’ So I, for one, think that this is an important debate and that the future of our country hinges on how much debt we are accumulating. I hope those who look at this bill who actually truly do believe that debt is a problem will consider saying: Enough is enough, and I am not voting for more debt. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The Senator from South Da-kota. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that we begin the cloture vote at this time. I believe we are only about 2 minutes away from the scheduled time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment with a further amendment to H.R. 1892, an act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Chuck Grassley, Tom Cotton, David Perdue, Thom Tillis, James Lankford, John Kennedy, Roy Blunt, Richard C. Shelby, Lisa Murkowski, Susan M. Col-lins, Steve Daines, John Boozman, John Barrasso, James M. Inhofe, Orrin G. Hatch. The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1892 with amendment No. 1930, offered by the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. M
CCON-
NELL , shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 73, nays 26, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 30 Leg.] YEAS—73 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Cruz Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Fischer Gardner Graham Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—26 
Bennet Booker Burr Cantwell Corker Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Feinstein Flake Gillibrand Grassley Harris Hirono Johnson Lankford Lee Markey Merkley Paul Risch Sanders Sasse Toomey Warren 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 73, the nays are 26. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Cloture having been invoked, the mo-tion to refer with instructions falls. The majority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1931 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the question is on agreeing to amendment No. 1931. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1931 WITHDRAWN  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I withdraw the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has that right. The amendment is withdrawn. VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT  
NO. 1930 
The question is on agreeing to the motion to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1892 with further amendment. The yeas and nays have been pre-viously ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 71, nays 28, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 31 Leg.] YEAS—71 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Cruz Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—28 
Bennet Booker Burr Cantwell Cassidy Corker Crapo Daines Enzi Feinstein Flake Gillibrand Grassley Harris Hirono Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Markey Merkley Paul Risch Sanders Sasse Toomey Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERI-CANS ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 302, H.R. 2579. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 302, H.R. 2579, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk on the motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.003 S09FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES850 February 9, 2018 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 302, H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA con-tinuation coverage. Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, Johnny Isakson, Thom Tillis, Cory Gardner, James Lankford, Bill Cassidy, Marco Rubio, Roy Blunt, Lindsey Graham, Mike Rounds, Richard Burr, Tim Scott, Jeff Flake, Pat Roberts, John Thune, John Hoeven. f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WILDLAND FIREFIGHTING LEGISLATION Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I wish to speak about an urgent chal-lenge facing my constituents and my colleagues in the Pacific Northwest that unfortunately was ignored in this massive legislative mishmash we were asked to vote up or down on in the middle of the night: wildfires. Communities across the West, includ-ing my home State of Washington, are being torn apart by these disasters. Last year, the Diamond Creek fire burned 128,000 acres in my State. In 2016, the Okanogan Complex burned 305,000 acres. Just those two fires alone burned an area around two-thirds the size of Rhode Island, and both dev-astating events spewed ash and toxic smoke across a vast region and de-stroyed billions of dollars’ worth of for-est products. I am very concerned that these are not freak or rare, once-in-a-generation events. According to our best sci-entists, the killer combination of cli-mate change and decades of inadequate forest management has made these monster infernos the new normal. The numbers speak for themselves. Ten thousand, that is the number of houses that have been burned down in wildfires last year. Eighteen billion, that is the initial estimate of how much damage wildfires caused just in California last year. Sadly, 54 Americans were killed by these wildfires in 2017. That is why I have spent years col-laborating with other Senators from affected States to hammer out com-monsense, bipartisan solutions to this increasingly urgent challenge. First and foremost is the inadequate funding for fire prevention and suppres-sion programs. How much longer are we going to shortchange fire programs? The fire budget Congress allocated for this last year was short by over $1.4 billion. Under current law, when there is a funding shortfall like this, the Forest Service has to rob its own programs to make it up. What programs? The ones dedicated to fire prevention and forest restoration that could help prevent fu-ture fires. That is crazy and very short- sighted. Also, we need a better management strategy for our national forests—an innovative strategy to manage our for-ests in smarter, more efficient, and more sustainable ways. There are many case studies of how we can re-duce fire risk and increase local for-estry jobs, all while restoring forest ecosystems. For example, the Colville National Forest has been using innovative man-agement tools to reduce the risk of wildfire in northeast Washington. The forward-thinking restoration work being performed by Vaagen Brothers Lumber in Colville has enabled this small National Forest to be ranked in the top three forest products-producing national forests in the country. Their holistic approach to forest restoration has also earned them the proud spot as the No. 1 national forest for number of culverts replaced to improve fish pas-sage and water quality. The success of local projects cannot help but inspire me and my colleagues. I am pleased to report that all of the Senators from the Northwest—both Democrat and Republican—have agreed on what is needed to enable the Forest Service to be proactive rather than simply reactive when it comes to wildfires. Senators R
ISCH, WYDEN , CRAPO , MUR-
RAY, M ERKLEY , and I agree that the Forest Service’s fire-borrowing prob-lem needs to be fixed. All of us cospon-sored legislation to do that. Senators R
ISCH, WYDEN , CRAPO , MUR-
RAY, MERKLEY , and I also all agree that we should treat the most at-risk parts of the national forests before they burn up and do so in a way that is supported by science. All of us cosponsored legis-lation to also do that. These bills have been endorsed by en-vironmental groups, timber industry, firefighter organizations, and local governments. All of these local and na-tional stakeholders are in agreement, that we need to supply the Forest Serv-ice and impacted communities with funding, provide jobs in rural commu-nities, and reduce the fire risk in our most at-risk forests. Unfortunately, despite the urgency of the problem, despite the strong con-sensus on both sides of the aisle and amongst a diverse range of stake-holders, despite the fact that we have hammered out legislative text, it ap-pears the inclusion of our bipartisan measure is being blocked from being included in the pending bill. It is hard to overemphasize my frus-tration at the current situation. It took weeks, months, and in some cases years to develop these proposals and vet with affected stakeholders this suite of bipartisan bills. The bipartisan consensus legislation we offered last week included a perma-nent fix to the Forest Service’s fire- borrowing problem. That was legisla-tion cosponsored by 15 Senators. Our proposal also included funding for Se-cure Rural Schools. That bipartisan legislation was cosponsored by 32 Sen-ators. It turns out there were actors set on blocking our attempts to enact reason-able wildfire legislation. We received a counteroffer at the eleventh hour, and it contained only a short-term funding solution, with eight new radical land management policies that they knew we could not accept. The new provisions ranged from re-pealing protections for old-growth trees on the Tongass National Forest to giving away Federal land. Other ob-jectionable provisions included allow-ing exemptions for large clearcuts from environmental review and removing people’s ability to file lawsuits on For-est Service projects in Montana, Wyo-ming, and Colorado. That is ridiculous. Instead of working to forward bipar-tisan ideas, Republican leadership de-cided to inject ‘‘poison pill’’ environ-mental riders into the process in a ‘‘take it or leave it’’ midnight offer. This leaves many of us with a lot of doubt as to whether Republican leader-ship has ever been serious about fixing wildland fire budgeting. History to-night shows that they see it only as a vehicle to sideline long-established en-vironmental laws that protect people, wildlife, and our public lands. Well, I want to tell everyone here that we are not giving up. There are so many bipartisan, noncontroversial im-provements to Forest Service manage-ment that can be enacted. Members, like my colleagues from the Northwest, want to get something done. Our constituents are demanding it, and we need to do it before the next fire season starts in just a few months. I want the record to reflect that, while there were many provisions I supported in the underlying legisla-tion, I could not in good conscience vote for a bill that purposely left ur-gently needed wildland firefighting leg-islation on the cutting room floor. We can and must do better next time, and I am going to keep working at it until we get this problem addressed. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. T HUNE , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. U
DALL , Ms. S MITH, Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , and Mrs. M URRAY ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.007 S09FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S851 February 9, 2018 
S. Res. 400. A resolution designating the week beginning February 11, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Tribal Colleges and Universities Week’’; considered and agreed to. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 400—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING FEBRUARY 11, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL TRIBAL COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES WEEK’’ Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. T HUNE , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. S
TABENOW , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. U DALL , Ms. S MITH, Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , and Mrs. M URRAY ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 400 Whereas there are 36 Tribal Colleges and Universities operating on more than 75 cam-puses in 16 States; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities are tribally chartered or federally chartered institutions of higher education and there-fore have a unique relationship with the Fed-eral Government; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities serve students from more than 250 federally recognized Indian tribes; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities offer students access to knowledge and skills grounded in cultural traditions and values, including indigenous languages, which— (1) enhances Indian communities; and (2) enriches the United States as a nation; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities provide access to high-quality postsecondary educational opportunities for— (1) American Indians; (2) Alaska Natives; and (3) other individuals that live in some of the most isolated and economically de-pressed areas in the United States; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities are accredited institutions of higher edu-cation that effectively prepare students to succeed in— (1) the academic pursuits of the students; and (2) the global and highly competitive work-force; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities have open enrollment policies, and approxi-mately 15 percent of the students at Tribal Colleges and Universities are non-Indian in-dividuals; and Whereas the collective mission and the considerable achievements of Tribal Colleges and Universities deserve national recogni-tion: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week beginning February 11, 2018, as ‘‘National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week’’; and (2) calls on the people of the United States and interested groups to observe National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week with appropriate ceremonies, activities, and pro-grams to demonstrate support for Tribal Col-leges and Universities. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1941. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 104, providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1892. SA 1942. Mr. MCCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1301, making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1941. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 104, providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1892; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: S
EC. 101. The Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division D of Public Law 115–56) is further amended by inserting after section 165 the following new section: ‘‘S
EC. 166. (a) Employees furloughed as a result of any lapse in appropriations which begins on or about February 9, 2018, shall be compensated at their standard rate of com-pensation, for the period of such lapse in ap-propriations, as soon as practicable after such lapse in appropriations ends. ‘‘(b) For purposes of this section, ‘em-ployee’ means: ‘‘(1) a Federal employee; ‘‘(2) an employee of the District of Colum-bia Courts; ‘‘(3) an employee of the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia; or ‘‘(4) a District of Columbia Government employee. ‘‘(c) All obligations incurred in anticipa-tion of the appropriations made and author-ity granted by this division for the purposes of maintaining the essential level of activity to protect life and property and bringing about orderly termination of Government functions, and for purposes as otherwise au-thorized by law, are hereby ratified and ap-proved if otherwise in accord with the provi-sions of this division.’’. S
EC. 102. For the purposes of division D of Public Law 115–56, the time covered by such division shall be considered to include the period which began on or about February 9, 2018, during which there occurred a lapse in appropriations. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Amendments Act, 2018’’. 
SA 1942. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1301, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and in-sert the following: That in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 1892, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following corrections: (1) Strike the first section 1 and section 2 immediately following the enacting clause and insert the following: 
‘‘SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018’’. ‘‘DIVISION A—HONORING HOMETOWN HEROES ACT 
‘‘SECTION 10101. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This division may be cited as the ‘Hon-oring Hometown Heroes Act’. 
‘‘SEC. 10102. PERMITTING THE FLAG TO BE FLOWN AT HALF-STAFF IN THE EVENT OF THE DEATH OF A FIRST RESPONDER SERVING IN THE LINE OF DUTY. 
‘‘(a) A MENDMENT .—The sixth sentence of section 7(m) of title 4, United States Code, is amended— ‘‘(1) by striking ‘or’ after ‘possession of the United States’ and inserting a comma; ‘‘(2) by inserting ‘or the death of a first re-sponder working in any State, territory, or possession who dies while serving in the line of duty,’ after ‘while serving on active duty,’; ‘‘(3) by striking ‘and’ after ‘former officials of the District of Columbia’ and inserting a comma; and ‘‘(4) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘, and first responders working in the District of Columbia’. ‘‘(b) FIRST RESPONDER DEFINED .—Such sub- section is further amended— ‘‘(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘, United States Code; and’ and inserting a semicolon; ‘‘(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘; and’; and ‘‘(3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘‘(4) the term ‘‘first responder’’ means a ‘‘public safety officer’’ as defined in section 1204 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10284).’. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to deaths of first responders occurring on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.’’. (2) Strike section 1 immediately preceding division B. (3) In section 30422(b)(4), strike subpara-graphs (A) and (B) and insert the following: ‘‘(A) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—For purposes of enabling the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this sub-title, and consistent with the Standing Rules of the Senate, there is authorized from the date of enactment of this Act through Feb-ruary 28, 2019, $500,000 to be allocated— ‘‘(i) in total during the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and ‘‘(ii) any remaining amounts shall be car-ried forward for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. ‘‘(B) E
XPENSES .—Expenses of the joint committee shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the co-chairs, subject to the rules and regulations of the Senate.’’. (4) In section 30422(b)(4)(I)(i), insert ‘‘, con-sistent with the rules and regulations of the Senate’’ before the period at the end. (5) Strike section 30423 and insert the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 30423. FUNDING. 
‘‘(a) S PECIAL RESERVE .—To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, within the funds in the account for ‘Expenses of Inquir-ies and Investigations’ of the Senate, not more than $500,000 shall be allocated from the special reserve established in S. Res. 62, agreed to February 28, 2017 (115th Congress), for use by the joint committee. ‘‘(b) E
XPIRATION .—None of the funds made available by this section may be available for obligation by the joint committee after January 2, 2019. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY REQUIREMENTS .—For purposes of the joint committee, section 20(b) of S. Res. 62, agreed to February 28, 2017 (115th Congress), shall not apply.’’. (6) In section 30442(b)(4), strike subpara-graphs (A) and (B) and insert the following: ‘‘(A) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—For purposes of enabling the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this sub-title, and consistent with the Standing Rules of the Senate, there is authorized from the date of enactment of this Act through Feb-ruary 28, 2019, $500,000 to be allocated— ‘‘(i) in total during the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and ‘‘(ii) any remaining amounts shall be car-ried forward for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.008 S09FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES852 February 9, 2018 
‘‘(B) E XPENSES .—Expenses of the joint committee shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the co-chairs, subject to the rules and regulations of the Senate.’’. (7) In section 30442(b)(4)(I)(i), insert ‘‘, con-sistent with the rules and regulations of the Senate’’ before the period at the end. (8) Strike section 30443 and insert the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 30443. FUNDING. 
‘‘(a) S PECIAL RESERVE .—To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, within the funds in the account for ‘Expenses of Inquir-ies and Investigations’ of the Senate, not more than $500,000 shall be allocated from the special reserve established in S. Res. 62, agreed to February 28, 2017 (115th Congress), for use by the joint committee. ‘‘(b) E
XPIRATION .—None of the funds made available by this section may be available for obligation by the joint committee after January 2, 2019. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY REQUIREMENTS .—For purposes of the joint committee, section 20(b) of S. Res. 62, agreed to February 28, 2017 (115th Congress), shall not apply.’’. (9) Strike lines 4–8 on page 232 of the amendment and replace with the following: ‘‘(II) a State false claims act, including a State false claims act with qui tam provi-sions, or’’. (10) At the end of division G, strike the fol-lowing: ‘‘.’’. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to deaths of first responders occurring on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.’’. f 
PROVIDING FOR A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 1892 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 104, which was re-ceived from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 104) providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1892. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment at the desk be agreed to, the concurrent resolution, as amended, be agreed to, and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 1941) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the resolving clause and in-sert the following: That in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 1892, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following corrections: (1) Strike the first section 1 and section 2 immediately following the enacting clause and insert the following: 
‘‘SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018’’. ‘‘DIVISION A—HONORING HOMETOWN HEROES ACT ‘‘SECTION 10101. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This division may be cited as the ‘Hon-oring Hometown Heroes Act’. 
‘‘SEC. 10102. PERMITTING THE FLAG TO BE FLOWN AT HALF-STAFF IN THE EVENT OF THE DEATH OF A FIRST RESPONDER SERVING IN THE LINE OF DUTY. 
‘‘(a) A MENDMENT .—The sixth sentence of section 7(m) of title 4, United States Code, is amended— ‘‘(1) by striking ‘or’ after ‘possession of the United States’ and inserting a comma; ‘‘(2) by inserting ‘or the death of a first re-sponder working in any State, territory, or possession who dies while serving in the line of duty,’ after ‘while serving on active duty,’; ‘‘(3) by striking ‘and’ after ‘former officials of the District of Columbia’ and inserting a comma; and ‘‘(4) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘, and first responders working in the District of Columbia’. ‘‘(b) F
IRST RESPONDER DEFINED .—Such sub- section is further amended— ‘‘(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘, United States Code; and’ and inserting a semicolon; ‘‘(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘; and’; and ‘‘(3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘‘(4) the term ‘‘first responder’’ means a ‘‘public safety officer’’ as defined in section 1204 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10284).’. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to deaths of first responders occurring on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.’’. (2) Strike section 1 immediately preceding division B. (3) In section 30422(b)(4), strike subpara-graphs (A) and (B) and insert the following: ‘‘(A) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—For purposes of enabling the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this sub-title, and consistent with the Standing Rules of the Senate, there is authorized from the date of enactment of this Act through Feb-ruary 28, 2019, $500,000 to be allocated— ‘‘(i) in total during the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and ‘‘(ii) any remaining amounts shall be car-ried forward for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. ‘‘(B) E
XPENSES .—Expenses of the joint committee shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the co-chairs, subject to the rules and regulations of the Senate.’’. (4) In section 30422(b)(4)(I)(i), insert ‘‘, con-sistent with the rules and regulations of the Senate’’ before the period at the end. (5) Strike section 30423 and insert the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 30423. FUNDING. 
‘‘(a) S PECIAL RESERVE .—To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, within the funds in the account for ‘Expenses of Inquir-ies and Investigations’ of the Senate, not more than $500,000 shall be allocated from the special reserve established in S. Res. 62, agreed to February 28, 2017 (115th Congress), for use by the joint committee. ‘‘(b) E
XPIRATION .—None of the funds made available by this section may be available for obligation by the joint committee after January 2, 2019. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY REQUIREMENTS .—For purposes of the joint committee, section 20(b) of S. Res. 62, agreed to February 28, 2017 (115th Congress), shall not apply.’’. (6) In section 30442(b)(4), strike subpara-graphs (A) and (B) and insert the following: ‘‘(A) GENERAL AUTHORITY .—For purposes of enabling the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this sub-title, and consistent with the Standing Rules of the Senate, there is authorized from the date of enactment of this Act through Feb-ruary 28, 2019, $500,000 to be allocated— ‘‘(i) in total during the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and ‘‘(ii) any remaining amounts shall be car-ried forward for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. ‘‘(B) E
XPENSES .—Expenses of the joint committee shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the co-chairs, subject to the rules and regulations of the Senate.’’. (7) In section 30442(b)(4)(I)(i), insert ‘‘, con-sistent with the rules and regulations of the Senate’’ before the period at the end. (8) Strike section 30443 and insert the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 30443. FUNDING. 
‘‘(a) S PECIAL RESERVE .—To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, within the funds in the account for ‘Expenses of Inquir-ies and Investigations’ of the Senate, not more than $500,000 shall be allocated from the special reserve established in S. Res. 62, agreed to February 28, 2017 (115th Congress), for use by the joint committee. ‘‘(b) E
XPIRATION .—None of the funds made available by this section may be available for obligation by the joint committee after January 2, 2019. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY REQUIREMENTS .—For purposes of the joint committee, section 20(b) of S. Res. 62, agreed to February 28, 2017 (115th Congress), shall not apply.’’. (9) Strike lines 4–8 on page 232 of the amendment and replace with the following: ‘‘(II) a State false claims act, including a State false claims act with qui tam provi-sions, or’’. (10) At the end of division G, strike the fol-lowing: ‘‘.’’. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to deaths of first responders occurring on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.’’. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 104), as amended, was agreed to. 
f 
NATIONAL TRIBAL COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 400, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 400) designating the week beginning February 11, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Tribal Colleges and Universities Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Feb 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.010 S09FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S853 February 9, 2018 
The resolution (S. Res. 400) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the senior Senator from Alaska, the junior Sen-ator from Wyoming, the junior Senator from North Carolina, and the junior Senator from South Dakota be author-ized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions on Friday, February 9, 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 36, H.R. 1301. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1301) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment at the desk be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 1942) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: SEC. 101. The Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division D of Public Law 115–56) is further amended by inserting after section 165 the following new section: ‘‘S
EC. 166. (a) Employees furloughed as a result of any lapse in appropriations which begins on or about February 9, 2018, shall be compensated at their standard rate of com-pensation, for the period of such lapse in ap-propriations, as soon as practicable after such lapse in appropriations ends. ‘‘(b) For purposes of this section, ‘em-ployee’ means: ‘‘(1) a Federal employee; ‘‘(2) an employee of the District of Colum-bia Courts; ‘‘(3) an employee of the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia; or ‘‘(4) a District of Columbia Government employee. ‘‘(c) All obligations incurred in anticipa-tion of the appropriations made and author-ity granted by this division for the purposes of maintaining the essential level of activity to protect life and property and bringing about orderly termination of Government functions, and for purposes as otherwise au-thorized by law, are hereby ratified and ap-proved if otherwise in accord with the provi-sions of this division.’’. S
EC. 102. For the purposes of division D of Public Law 115–56, the time covered by such division shall be considered to include the period which began on or about February 9, 2018, during which there occurred a lapse in appropriations. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Amendments Act, 2018’’. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 1301), as amended, was passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2018, AND MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, February 12; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2579, and notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture vote on the motion to proceed occur at 5:30 p.m., Monday. I further ask that if the House of Representatives does not concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1892, the Senate ad-journ until 11 a.m. today; finally, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and the Senate be in a period of morn-ing business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
CONDITIONAL ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2018, AT 3 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 1:57 a.m., conditionally adjourned until Monday, February 12, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Feb 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.011 S09FEPT1
D141 Friday, February 9, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 1892, Bipartisan Budget Act, with further amendment. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
(Legislative Day of Thursday, February 8, 2018) Routine Proceedings, pages S847–S853 Measures Introduced: One resolution was intro-duced, as follows: S. Res. 400.
                     Pages S850–51 
Measures Passed: Enrollment Correction: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 104, providing for a correction in the enroll-ment of H.R. 1892, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                               Page S852 
McConnell Amendment No. 1941, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                              Page S852 
National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 400, designating the week beginning February 11, 2018, as ‘‘National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week’’. 
                                                                                      Pages S852–53 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017: Senate passed H.R. 1301, making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                              Page S853 
McConnell Amendment No. 1942, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                              Page S853 
Measures Considered: Broader Options for Americans Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2579, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage.
                                                       Pages S849–50 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Friday, Feb-ruary 9, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, February 12, 2018.       Pages S849–50 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, February 12, 2018, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill; and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill occur at 5:30 p.m.
                                                      Page S853 
House Messages: Bipartisan Budget Act: By 71 yeas to 28 nays (Vote No. 31), Senate agreed to the motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House to the amend-ment of the Senate to H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty, with Amendment No. 1930, in the nature of a substitute, and after taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed thereto: Withdrawn: McConnell Amendment No. 1931 (to Amend-ment No. 1930), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                              Page S849 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 73 yeas to 26 nays (Vote No. 30), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill, with Amendment No. 1930 (listed above).
                                          Page S849 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropria-tions, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Feb 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09FE8.REC D09FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD142 February 9, 2018 
1932, to change the enactment date, fell when clo-ture was invoked on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with Amendment No. 1930 (listed above).
                                                                 Page S849 
McConnell Amendment No. 1933 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 1932), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 1932 (listed above) fell.
      Page S849 
McConnell Amendment No. 1934 (to Amend-ment No. 1933), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 1933 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 1932) (listed above) fell. 
                                                                                              Page S849 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that Sen-ators Murkowski, Barrasso, Tillis, and Rounds be au-thorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolu-tions on Friday, February 9, 2018.
                     Page S853 
Bipartisan Budget Act—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that if the House of Representatives does not concur in the amendment of the Senate to the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to pro-vide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty, the Senate adjourn until 11 a.m., on Friday, February 9, 2018.                                                        Page S853 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                              Page S851 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S851–52 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—31)
                                                                     Page S849 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12:01 a.m. and adjourned at 1:57 a.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, February 12, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S853.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Feb 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09FE8.REC D09FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D143 February 9, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, Feb-ruary 13, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO AN ACT TO AMEND TITLE 4, UNITED STATES CODE, TO PROVIDE FOR THE FLYING OF THE FLAG AT HALF–STAFF IN THE EVENT OF THE DEATH OF A FIRST RESPONDER IN THE LINE OF DUTY Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1892, an Act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty [Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2018]. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a rule providing for the con-sideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1892. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1892. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion. The rule provides that the Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-ing on the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, 5 p.m., SVC–217. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Feb 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09FE8.REC D09FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD144 February 9, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, February 12 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2579, Broader Options for Americans Act, and vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to con-sideration of the bill at 5:30 p.m. (If the House of Representatives does not concur in the amend-ment of the Senate to the amendment of the House to the amend-ment of the Senate to H.R. 1892, Bipartisan Budget Act, Sen-ate will meet at 11 a.m., on Friday, February 9, 2018.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, February 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet at 12 noon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Feb 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09FE8.REC D09FEPT1