Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H739 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2018 No. 22 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 5, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OGER W. M
ARSHALL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
REMEMBERING COLLIN KENNEDY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, re-cently, my office faced a tragedy when we received word that my former field representative Collin Kennedy had passed away due to injuries he had suf-fered in an accident. A Manassas, Virginia, native and a West Virginia University graduate, pol-itics ran in Collin’s blood. He had worked on numerous campaigns for the Republican National Committee and interned on Capitol Hill before begin-ning work in my office in 2015, where he worked until last September. Collin, who was 27, served as my field rep-resentative in Victoria, Bastrop, Lavaca, Caldwell, and Gonzales Coun-ties, where he was known for his boundless enthusiasm, positive out-look, and passion for life. Since his death, dozens of people have left notes and messages about the strong relationship that they have shared with Collin and the lasting im-pact he left on our communities. They spoke of his kindness, his great atti-tude, and his constant willingness to lend a hand. They shared their fond memories of him attending ribbon cuttings, banquets, community meet-ings, and more. One of my current staff wrote a touching tribute that described Collin as ‘‘the gold standard of what it means to be a friend and colleague,’’ and I couldn’t agree more. Collin’s outsized personality and exuberance were well known, and his ability to reach people and connect with them was extraor-dinary. I have to admit, I was a little worried hiring a West Virginian to work in Texas. He was going to be my eyes and ears. But Collin was amazing at how easily he made friends and fit in as a transplant Texan. I was blessed to have Collin as a staff member, and my fam-ily and I were blessed to have him as a friend. Our prayers are with his parents, Jef-frey and Susan; his brother, Zachary; the rest of his family; and countless friends. Collin, thank you for your years of great work. You will be missed. 
REMEMBERING ROBERT ‘‘BOB’’ AGRIFOGLIO  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to remember Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Agrifoglio, who passed away re-cently at the age of 73. Born in Chicago, Illinois, Bob en-listed in the U.S. Air Force on his 17th birthday and headed to basic training in San Antonio, Texas. From there, he was deployed to Japan, Colorado Springs, and many other places. He went on to train as an aircraft loadmaster, where he flew Presidential support missions, performed airdrops, and flew missions all over the world, including South Africa, South Amer-ica, and the Middle East. Bob received orders to go to Viet-nam, where he flew in numerous mis-sions before his plane crashed, trag-ically, killing his fellow crew members. Despite an aggressive push to return to the skies, Bob’s injuries from that crash permanently removed him from flight service. After 171⁄2years on Active Duty, he went on to work at the Department of Defense safety offices for the next 17 years, before he finally retired in 1996. Bob never stopped serving the com-munity, helping with veterans events, volunteering to help veterans with their healthcare issues, and helping to run a weekly Tuesday veterans’ coffee service with Dotson Lewis and many other veterans in the Corpus Christi area. Thank you, Bob, for your years of service not only to our country, but to the Corpus Christi community and all of your friends and fellow veterans worldwide. You will be missed. 
REMEMBERING DON KASPAR  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to remember the life of a great constituent, Mr. Don Kaspar, who passed away, recently, at 88. Don was born on November 24, 1928, in Shiner, Texas, where he graduated from Shiner High School in 1945. He served as the president of his class at Texas A&M, where he graduated in 1949 with a degree in agricultural adminis-tration. He worked part-time factory jobs throughout school and served as a jun-ior executive at Kaspar Wire Works, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.000 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH740 February 5, 2018 
company founded in 1898 by his grand-father. During the Korean war, Don served in the United States Army as a second lieutenant and then as a first lieuten-ant, receiving a Combat Infantry Badge and a Bronze Star. He then returned to Kaspar Wire Works, now Kaspar Companies, where he became CEO, and it grew from a small company with 18 employees to a multinational enterprise with nearly 1,000 employees. I was fortunate enough to tour the company a couple of years ago with Don and learned about the success of his ventures. Despite his busy job, Don always had time to give back to the community. He was president of the Shiner Rotary Club, director of the Shiner Hospital Foundation, the first chairman of Shiner Youth Baseball, chairman of the Shiner United Way Fund, a local scoutmaster, chairman of the board at his local church, and more. A pillar of the Shiner community, Don was married to the late Jean Welhausen Kaspar for 52 years and leaves behind 4 sons, their wives, 10 grandchildren, and 6 great-grand-children. Don, we miss you. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 6 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Guide our minds, thoughts, and de-sires this day. By Your spirit, breathe into us a new spirit. Shape this Con-gress and our world according to Your design that we may fulfill Your will. Bless the Members of the people’s House. Give them attentive hearts and open minds, that through the diversity of ideas they might sort out what is best for this Nation. May their speech be deliberately free of all prejudice, that others might listen whole-heartedly. Grant that all dialogue be mutually respectful, surprising even the most jaded with the emergence of unity and justice. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done here be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House her approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-er, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I de-mand a vote on agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-er, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
HIGHLIGHTING THE 2018 MATZAH MITZVAH (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-er, I would like to highlight the 2018 Jewish Community Services of South Florida Matzah Mitzvah, which will take place on Sunday, March 25, at Temple Israel of Greater Miami. Every year, Madam Speaker, this wonderful event brings together volun-teers and staff from the Jewish Com-munity Services to prepare and deliver Passover holiday baskets to home-bound seniors and other members of the Jewish community in need. Those who take part in the Matzah Mitzvah do far more than just deliver meals: they help foster a sense of com-munity amongst Jewish residents of south Florida and help to ensure that everyone who observes the Passover holiday does so with a full heart. Volunteers will start assembling the food at 9 a.m., and the delivery of the food baskets will follow at 10 a.m. Madam Speaker, I want to thank the Jewish Community Services of South Florida for its dedication to creating a better and more inclusive community. I also encourage everyone in south Florida to come out this March 25 to Temple Israel of Greater Miami at 9 a.m. and take part in the 2018 Matzah Mitzvah. f 
DEMOCRATS SHOULD NOT BE LOCKED OUT OF THE FUNDING NEGOTIATIONS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, here we are again. On Thursday, the govern-ment runs out of funding because the majority has not yet been able to reach across the aisle and negotiate a long- term budget agreement that reflects the priorities of the American people. One party controls the House, the Senate, and the White House, but there is not a functional majority in the hands of one or another party. The ma-jority is comprised of thoughtful Mem-bers who, on both sides of the aisle, if we chose to, could sit around the nego-tiating table and work out the dif-ferences that we bring to this Congress in a way that moves the country for-ward and adopts a budget that is reflec-tive of the priorities that we were sent here to address. So long as one party takes the ap-proach that all of the votes necessary to pass any measure must only come from one party, we are not going to be able to move forward as a country. Being in the minority, I understand we don’t get to set the agenda, but we ought not be locked out of the con-versation, especially when it is by com-ing together that we can get a long- term budget and not continue to kick the can down the road. 
f 
REPORT DEVASTATING TO DEMOCRACY (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a House Intelligence Committee report has found shocking abuses of surveil-lance by the FBI. The implications of the report are devastating to a democ-racy. The premier law enforcement agency of the Federal Government wrongly took sides in a Presidential campaign. The report confirms that FBI officials sought to influence the 2016 election. Unsubstantiated opposition research paid for by the Clinton campaign was wrongly used as a basis to wiretap a Trump campaign official. Justice Department and FBI employ-ees were trying to influence the out-come of the Presidential election. To borrow a phrase from Intelligence Committee Chairman N
UNES , this ‘‘happens in banana republics,’’ but it should never happen in a democracy. It would be understandable if the President and Attorney General want-ed to clean house and ask everyone to resign who used a political file com-piled by the Clinton campaign as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.002 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H741 February 5, 2018 
basis to spy on an innocent American citizen who was with the Trump cam-paign. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF DONNA MCCLOSKEY (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of Donna McCloskey, a constituent of mine from Bristol Borough, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, after a 42-year career of community service as an em-ployee of the Grundy Foundation. Starting in 1975, Donna worked at the Grundy Library, eventually assisting the Grundy Foundation’s executive di-rector until Donna was appointed the Grundy Museum administrator, a posi-tion which she held for the past 12 years. As the museum administrator, Donna is credited with updating the museum’s strategic plan, creating best practices for all of the museum’s programs and services, and building up partnerships between the museum and the commu-nity. Under Donna’s leadership, the number of visitors to the museum in-creased exponentially, and the 40th and 50th anniversary events were great suc-cesses. I want to express my deep gratitude and the gratitude of our entire commu-nity for Donna’s commitment to pre-serving the history of our community. While her retirement is well deserved, her exit is already felt. Thank you, Donna. 
f 
NORTH CAROLINIANS ON THE WORLD STAGE (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the 242 athletes who made the 2018 United States Winter Olympic team. This is the largest dele-gation of athletes from any nation at-tending the Winter Olympic Games in history. While reviewing the roster, I was pleased to see that the world will get to know something I have known for a long time: North Carolinians are strong competitors, three of whom I would like to salute. I offer my well wishes and congratu-lations to Heather Bergsma of High Point, North Carolina, who will com-pete in long track speed skating; Kimani Griffin from Winston-Salem, North Carolina, who will compete in long track speed skating; and Bobby Sanguinetti from Wilmington, North Carolina, who will compete in ice hock-ey. The Olympic Games remain one of the only avenues in which the world’s community may come together despite resounding differences. I wish these North Carolinians the very best as they compete on the world stage, along with their fellow United States athletes, and will look forward to cheering all of them on. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 4 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 10 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1600 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
ERGUSON ) at 4 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
STRENGTHENING PROTECTIONS FOR SOCIAL SECURITY BENE-FICIARIES ACT OF 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4547) to amend titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act to improve and strengthen the representa-tive payment program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4547 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-ening Protections for Social Security Bene-ficiaries Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—STRENGTHENING OVERSIGHT AND BENEFICIARY PROTECTION Sec. 101. Stronger monitoring of representa-tive payees. Sec. 102. Reducing the burden on families. Sec. 103. Protecting beneficiaries through information sharing. Sec. 104. Clarifying overpayment liability for child in child welfare sys-tem. Sec. 105. Reports. TITLE II—IMPROVING PAYEE SELECTION AND QUALITY Sec. 201. Advance designation of representa-tive payees. Sec. 202. Prohibition on individuals con-victed of certain crimes serving as representative payees. Sec. 203. Prohibition on individuals with representative payees serving as representative payees. Sec. 204. Reassessment of payee selection and replacement policies. TITLE I—STRENGTHENING OVERSIGHT AND BENEFICIARY PROTECTION SEC. 101. STRONGER MONITORING OF REP-RESENTATIVE PAYEES. 
(a) P ROTECTION AND ADVOCACY FOR BENE-
FICIARIES WITHREPRESENTATIVE PAYEES .— Section 205(j)(6) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(j)(6)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C)(i) The Commissioner of Social Secu-rity shall make annual grants directly to the protection and advocacy system serving each of the States and the American Indian con-sortium for the purpose of conducting re-views of representative payees in accordance with this subparagraph. The total amount used by the Commissioner for such grants each year— ‘‘(I) shall be an amount sufficient, as deter-mined by the Commissioner in consultation with each of the protection and advocacy systems, to carry out all of the activities de-scribed in clause (ii); and ‘‘(II) shall not be less than $25,000,000. ‘‘(ii) A protection and advocacy system awarded a grant under this subparagraph shall use the grant funds to— ‘‘(I) conduct all periodic onsite reviews pursuant to this paragraph and such other reviews of representative payees as the Com-missioner may request, including reviews conducted in response to allegations or con-cerns about the performance or suitability of the payee; ‘‘(II) conduct additional reviews that the protection and advocacy system has reason to believe are warranted; ‘‘(III) develop corrective action plans to as-sist representative payees in conforming to requirements specified by the Commissioner; ‘‘(IV) submit a report to the Commissioner on each completed review containing such information as the Commissioner shall re-quire; and ‘‘(V) conduct an initial onsite assessment of any organization that begins collecting a fee for its services as a representative payee to ensure that such organization is estab-lished as such a representative payee in ac-cordance with requirements specified by the Commissioner. A protection and advocacy system may refer beneficiaries to other programs or services as the protection and advocacy system con-siders appropriate. ‘‘(iii) To be eligible to receive grants under this section, a protection and advocacy sys-tem shall submit an initial application to the Commissioner at such time, in such form and manner, and accompanied by such infor-mation and assurances as the Commissioner may require. ‘‘(iv)(I) Subject to subclause (II), the Com-missioner shall ensure that any funds used for grants under clause (i) shall be allocated to the protection and advocacy systems serv-ing each of the States and the American In-dian consortium in a manner such that the amount provided to each protection and ad-vocacy system bears the same ratio to the total of such funds as the number of rep-resented beneficiaries in the State or Amer-ican Indian consortium in which such protec-tion and advocacy system is located bears to the total number of represented bene-ficiaries. ‘‘(II) The amount of an annual grant to a protection and advocacy system under clause (i) shall— ‘‘(aa) in the case of a protection and advo-cacy system serving American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.005 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH742 February 5, 2018 
the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, or the American Indian consortium, not be less than $30,000; and ‘‘(bb) in the case of a protection and advo-cacy system serving any other State, not be less than $60,000. ‘‘(III) Funds provided to a protection and advocacy system through a grant under clause (i) for a one-year period shall remain available through the end of the following one-year period. ‘‘(IV) For purposes of this clause, the term ‘represented beneficiary’ means an indi-vidual— ‘‘(aa) who is entitled to benefits under this title, title VIII, or title XVI; and ‘‘(bb) whose benefits have been certified for payment to a representative payee. ‘‘(v)(I) The Commissioner shall make an-nual grants, in an amount equal to 4 percent of the total amount of grants awarded each year under clause (i), to an eligible national association for the provision of training and technical assistance, administrative support, and data collection services to protection and advocacy systems in connection with grants awarded under clause (i). ‘‘(II) In this clause, the term ‘eligible na-tional association’ means a national dis-ability association with extensive knowledge and demonstrated experience in providing training, technical assistance, and adminis-trative oversight to protection and advocacy systems that monitor representative payees. ‘‘(vi) In conducting reviews under this sec-tion, a protection and advocacy system shall have the same authorities, including access to records, facilities, and persons, as such system would have for purposes of providing services under subtitle C of title I of the De-velopmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15041 et seq.). ‘‘(vii) Whenever benefit amounts under this title are increased by any percentage effec-tive with any month after November 2018 as a result of a determination made under sec-tion 215(i), each of the dollar amounts speci-fied in clauses (i)(II) and (iv)(II) shall be in-creased by the same percentage. ‘‘(viii) No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the require-ments of this subparagraph. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. ‘‘(ix) In this subparagraph: ‘‘(I) The term ‘American Indian consor-tium’ means a consortium established under subtitle C of title I of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15041 et seq.). ‘‘(II) The term ‘protection and advocacy system’ means a protection and advocacy system established under subtitle C of title I of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15041 et seq.). ‘‘(III) The term ‘State’ means the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.’’. (b) E
XPANSION OF PERIODIC ONSITE REVIEW  R
EQUIREMENTS .—Section 205(j)(6)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(j)(6)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) in clause (iii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (3) by adding after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) the representative payee collects a fee for its services.’’; and (4) by adding after clause (iv) (as added by paragraph (3)) the following flush text: ‘‘The Commissioner shall also conduct peri-odic onsite reviews of individual and organi-zational payees, including payees who are re-lated to the beneficiary and primarily reside in the same household, selected on the basis of risk-factors for potential misuse or unsuitability associated with such payees or beneficiaries.’’. (c) AVAILABILITY OF GRANT FUNDS .— (1) P
ROTECTION AND ADVOCACY SYSTEM  
GRANTS .—Grants described under clause (i) of subparagraph (C) of section 205(j)(6) of the Social Security Act (as added by subsection (a)) shall be awarded on August 1, 2018, and annually thereafter, and funds provided by such grants to a protection and advocacy system may be used to reimburse the protec-tion and advocacy system for amounts ex-pended by the protection and advocacy sys-tem during the period beginning on May 1, 2018, and ending on such date for hiring and start-up costs in preparation to carry out re-views of representative payees in accordance with such subparagraph. (2) N
ATIONAL ASSOCIATION GRANTS .—Grants described under clause (v) of such subpara-graph shall be awarded on May 1, 2018, and annually thereafter. 
SEC. 102. REDUCING THE BURDEN ON FAMILIES. 
(a) T ITLE II.—Section 205(j)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(j)(3)) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (E) through (H), respectively; (2) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D)(i) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply in any case where the other person to whom such payment is made is— ‘‘(I) a parent, or other individual who is a legal guardian of, a minor child entitled to such payment who primarily resides in the same household; ‘‘(II) a parent of an individual entitled to such payment who is under a disability (as defined in section 223(d)) who primarily re-sides in the same household; or ‘‘(III) the spouse of the individual entitled to such payment. ‘‘(ii) The Commissioner of Social Security shall establish and implement procedures as necessary for the Commissioner to deter-mine the eligibility of such parties for the exemption provided in clause (i). The Com-missioner shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to determine eligibility for such exemption.’’; (3) in subparagaph (E) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘(C), and (D)’’; and (4) in subparagraph (F) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘(D)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘(E)’’. (b) T
ITLE VIII.—Section 807(h) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1007(h)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (4) through (6), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3)(A) Paragraph (1) shall not apply in any case where the other person to whom such payment is made is the spouse of the indi-vidual entitled to such payment. ‘‘(B) The Commissioner of Social Security shall establish and implement procedures as necessary for the Commissioner to deter-mine the eligibility of such parties for the exemption provided in subparagraph (A). The Commissioner shall prescribe such regula-tions as may be necessary to determine eligi-bility for such exemption.’’. (c) T
ITLE XVI.—Section 1631(a)(2)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1383(a)(2)(C)) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (iv) and (v) as clauses (v) and (vi), respectively; (2) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv)(I) Clause (i) shall not apply in any case where the representative payee is— ‘‘(aa) a parent, or other individual who is a legal guardian of, a minor child entitled to such payment who primarily resides in the same household; ‘‘(bb) a parent of an individual entitled to such payment who is under a disability who primarily resides in the same household; or ‘‘(cc) the spouse of the individual entitled to such payment. ‘‘(II) The Commissioner of Social Security shall establish and implement procedures as necessary for the Commissioner to deter-mine the eligibility of such parties for the exemption provided in subclause (I). The Commissioner shall prescribe such regula-tions as may be necessary to determine eligi-bility for such exemption.’’; (3) in clause (v) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘and (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘(iii), and (iv)’’; and (4) in clause (vi) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘(iv)’’ each time it appears and in-serting ‘‘(v)’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 103. PROTECTING BENEFICIARIES THROUGH INFORMATION SHARING. 
(a) I NFORMATION SHARING TO DETERMINE  S
TATE FOSTER CARESTATUS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 205(j) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(j)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11)(A) The Commissioner of Social Secu-rity shall— ‘‘(i) enter into agreements with each State with a plan approved under part E of title IV for the purpose of sharing and matching data, on an automated monthly basis, in the system of records of the Social Security Ad-ministration with each Statewide and Tribal Automated Child Welfare Information Sys-tem to identify represented minor bene-ficiaries who are in foster care under the re-sponsibility of the State for such month; and ‘‘(ii) in any case in which a represented minor beneficiary has entered or exited fos-ter care or changed foster care placement in such month, redetermine the appropriate representative payee for such individual. ‘‘(B) For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the term ‘State’ has the meaning given such term for purposes of part E of title IV; ‘‘(ii) the term ‘Statewide and Tribal Auto-mated Child Welfare Information System’ means a statewide mechanized data collec-tion and information retrieval system de-scribed in section 474(a)(3)(C); and ‘‘(iii) the term ‘represented minor bene-ficiary’, with respect to an individual for a month, means a child (as defined for pur-poses of section 475(8)) entitled to benefits under this title for such month whose bene-fits are certified for payment to a represent-ative payee.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING CHANGE .—Section 471(a)(8)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(8)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the program established by title II,’’ after ‘‘XX,’’. (3) GAO 
STUDY AND REPORT .— (A) E
VALUATION .—As soon as possible after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall evaluate— (i) the number of represented minor bene-ficiaries in foster care under the responsi-bility of a State for each month during the previous year; (ii) whether the representative payee for each represented minor beneficiary is— (I) a governmental child welfare agency; (II) an organizational payee that is not a governmental child welfare agency; (III) a foster parent or child-care institu-tion (within the meaning of part E of title IV); or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H743 February 5, 2018 
(IV) another individual; and (iii) whether funds were conserved, used for direct expenses of the minor beneficiary, or used to reimburse the State for foster care maintenance costs. (B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 36 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the eval-uation required under subparagraph (A). (C) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this paragraph— (i) the term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning given such term for purposes of part E of title IV of the Social Security Act; and (ii) the term ‘‘represented minor bene-ficiary’’, with respect to an individual for a month, means a child (as defined for pur-poses of section 475(8) of the Social Security Act) entitled to benefits under title II of such Act for such month whose benefits are certified for payment to a representative payee. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply with respect to months beginning on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) E
XCEPTION IF STATE LEGISLATION RE -
QUIRED .—In the case of a State plan under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act that the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires State legisla-tion (other than legislation appropriating funds) in order for the plan to meet the addi-tional requirement imposed by the amend-ments made under this subsection, such plan shall not be regarded as failing to comply with the requirements of such title solely on the basis of its failure to meet this addi-tional requirement before the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2-year legislative session, each year of such session shall be deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. (b) I
MPROVING COORDINATION WITHADULT  P
ROTECTIVE SERVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of So-cial Security shall study and test the admin-istrative feasibility of improving informa-tion sharing, in partnership with State agen-cies that provide adult protective services, with respect to— (A) the assessment of an individual’s need for a representative payee in connection with benefits to which the individual is enti-tled under title II or title XVI of the Social Security Act; and (B) oversight of individuals and organiza-tions serving as representative payees. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than June 30, 2022, the Commissioner of Social Security shall conclude the study described in paragraph (1) and submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the results of such study. (c) S
TUDY ON POTENTIAL TO COORDINATE  W
ITHSTATE COURTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of So-cial Security shall enter into an agreement with the Administrative Conference of the United States to conduct a study that in-cludes— (A) an overview of potential opportunities for information sharing between the Social Security Administration and State courts and relevant State agencies; (B) a detailed analysis of the barriers to such information sharing, including any Fed-eral or State statutory barriers; (C) a description of how such information sharing would be implemented, including any additional infrastructure needed; and (D) a description of any risks or other fac-tors that the Social Security Administration and the Congress should consider before im-plementing such information sharing. (2) REPORT .—Not later than June 30, 2020, the Commissioner of Social Security shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and make publicly available a report on the re-sults of the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 104. CLARIFYING OVERPAYMENT LIABILITY FOR CHILD IN CHILD WELFARE SYS-TEM. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO TITLE II.—Section 204(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 404(a)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3)(A) When any payment of more than the correct amount is made on behalf of an individual who is a represented minor bene-ficiary for a month in which such individual is in foster care under the responsibility of a State and the State is the representative payee of such individual, the State shall be liable for the repayment of the overpayment, and there shall be no adjustment of pay-ments to, or recovery by the United States from, such individual. ‘‘(B) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘represented minor beneficiary’ has the meaning given such term in subsection (j)(11)(B)(iii).’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE XVI.—Section 1631(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1683(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (7) as paragraphs (4) through (8), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3)(A) When any payment of more than the correct amount is made on behalf of an individual who is a represented minor bene-ficiary for a month in which such individual is in foster care under the responsibility of a State and the State is the representative payee of such individual, the State shall be liable for the repayment of the overpayment, and there shall be no adjustment of pay-ments to, or recovery by the United States from, such individual. ‘‘(B) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘represented minor beneficiary’, with respect to an individual for a month, means a child (as defined for purposes of section 475(8)) entitled to benefits under this title for such month whose benefits are certified for payment to a representative payee.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to overpayment determinations made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and to any other overpaid amounts that have not been recovered as of such date. 
SEC. 105. REPORTS. 
(a) R EPORT ON BENEFITS MISUSED .—Section 205(j) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(j)), as amended by section 103(a), is fur-ther amended— (1) in paragraph (6)— (A) by striking ‘‘(A) In addition to’’ and in-serting ‘‘In addition to’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (B); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12)(A) Not later than January 31 of each fiscal year, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the total number of individuals entitled to bene-fits under titles II, VIII, and XVI, respec-tively, (and the number of individuals con-currently entitled to benefits under more than one such title) who have a representa-tive payee, the total number of such rep-resentative payees, and the results of all re-views of representative payees conducted during the previous fiscal year in connection with benefits under this title, title VIII, or title XVI. Such report shall summarize prob-lems identified in such reviews and correc-tive actions taken or planned to be taken to correct such problems, and shall include— ‘‘(i) the number of such reviews; ‘‘(ii) the results of such reviews; ‘‘(iii) the number of cases in which the rep-resentative payee was changed and why; ‘‘(iv) the number of reviews conducted in response to allegations or concerns about the performance or suitability of the payee; ‘‘(v) the number of cases discovered in which there was a misuse of funds, and the total dollar amount of benefits determined by the Commissioner during such fiscal year to have been misused by a representative payee (regardless of the fiscal year in which such misuse occurred); ‘‘(vi) the number of cases discovered in which such misuse of funds resulted from the negligent failure of the Commissioner to in-vestigate or monitor a representative payee; ‘‘(vii) the final disposition of such cases of misuse of funds, including— ‘‘(I) any criminal, civil, and administrative penalties imposed; ‘‘(II) the total dollar amount of misused benefits repaid to beneficiaries and alter-native representative payees under each of— ‘‘(aa) paragraph (5) (on the basis of a neg-ligent failure of the Commissioner described in such paragraph); ‘‘(bb) paragraph (5) (on any other basis); and ‘‘(cc) paragraph (7); ‘‘(III) the total dollar amount of misused benefits recovered under each of— ‘‘(aa) paragraph (5); and ‘‘(bb) paragraph (7); ‘‘(viii) any updates to prior year reports necessary to reflect subsequent recoveries and repayments pertaining to misuse deter-minations made in prior years; and ‘‘(ix) such other information as the Com-missioner deems appropriate. ‘‘(B) Each report required under this para-graph for a fiscal year shall include the in-formation described in clauses (i) through (ix) of subparagraph (A) with respect to— ‘‘(i) all representative payees reviewed dur-ing such fiscal year; ‘‘(ii) all such representative payees that are organizations, separated by whether such organization collects a fee for its services as a representative payee; ‘‘(iii) all such representative payees that are individuals serving 15 or more individ-uals; and ‘‘(iv) all such representative payees that are individuals serving less than 15 individ-uals, separated by whether such representa-tive payee is a family member.’’. (b) REPORT ON ELIMINATION OF THE AC-
COUNTING FORM.—The Commissioner shall— (1) conduct a study on the changes made by the amendments made by section 102 of the Strengthening Protections for Social Secu-rity Beneficiaries Act of 2018, which shall in-clude the impact of such changes on fami-lies, beneficiaries, and the operations of the Social Security Administration; and (2) not later than January 1, 2021, submit a report on the results of such study to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate. (c) R
EPORT ON THE ADVANCED DESIGNATION  P
OLICY .—The Commissioner shall— (1) conduct a study on the changes made by the amendments made by section 201 of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH744 February 5, 2018 
Strengthening Protections for Social Secu-rity Beneficiaries Act of 2018, which shall in-clude the impact of such changes on bene-ficiaries and the operations of the Social Se-curity Administration; and (2) not later than January 1, 2025, submit a report on the results of such study to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate. TITLE II—IMPROVING PAYEE SELECTION AND QUALITY 
SEC. 201. ADVANCE DESIGNATION OF REP-RESENTATIVE PAYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 205(j)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(j)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C)(i) An individual who is entitled to or is an applicant for a benefit under this title, title VIII, or title XVI, who has attained 18 years of age or is an emancipated minor, may, at any time, designate 1 or more other individuals to serve as a representative payee for such individual in the event that the Commissioner of Social Security deter-mines under subparagraph (A) that the inter-est of such individual would be served by cer-tification for payment of such benefits to which the individual is entitled to a rep-resentative payee. If the Commissioner of Social Security makes such a determination with respect to such individual at any time after such designation has been made, the Commissioner shall— ‘‘(I) certify payment of such benefits to the designated individual, subject to the require-ments of paragraph (2); or ‘‘(II) if the Commissioner determines that certification for payment of such benefits to the designated individual would not satisfy the requirements of paragraph (2), that the designated individual is unwilling or unable to serve as representative payee, or that other good cause exists, certify payment of such benefits to another individual or orga-nization, in accordance with paragraph (1). ‘‘(ii) An organization may not be des-ignated to serve as a representative payee under this subparagraph.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this section. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Commissioner of Social Se-curity shall promulgate regulations speci-fying the information an individual is re-quired to provide to the Commissioner in order to designate another individual to serve as the individual’s representative payee under section 205(j)(1)(C) of the Social Security Act (as added by subsection (a)). (d) N
OTIFICATION TO BENEFICIARIES .—Not later than January 1, 2020, and annually thereafter, the Commissioner of Social Secu-rity shall notify each individual entitled to a benefit under title II, VIII, or XVI of the So-cial Security Act of the name of any indi-vidual designated to serve as the individual’s representative payee under section 205(j)(1)(C) of such Act (as added by sub-section (a)). 
SEC. 202. PROHIBITION ON INDIVIDUALS CON-VICTED OF CERTAIN CRIMES SERV-ING AS REPRESENTATIVE PAYEES. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO TITLE II.—Section 205(j)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(j)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (i)— (i) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subclause (VI), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(VII) determine whether such person has been convicted (and not subsequently exon-erated), under Federal or State law, of a fel-ony provided under clause (iv), or of an at-tempt or a conspiracy to commit such a fel-ony.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) The felony crimes provided under this clause, whether an offense under State or Federal law, are the following: ‘‘(I) Human trafficking, including as pro-hibited under sections 1590 and 1591 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(II) False imprisonment, including as pro-hibited under section 1201 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(III) Kidnapping, including as prohibited under section 1201 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(IV) Rape and sexual assault, including as prohibited under sections 2241, 2242, 2243, and 2244 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(V) First-degree homicide, including as prohibited under section 1111 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(VI) Robbery, including as prohibited under section 2111 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(VII) Fraud to obtain access to govern-ment assistance, including as prohibited under sections 287, 1001, and 1343 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(VIII) Fraud by scheme, including as pro-hibited under section 1343 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(IX) Theft of government funds or prop-erty, including as prohibited under section 641 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(X) Abuse or neglect, including as prohib-ited under sections 111, 113, 114, 115, 116, or 117 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(XI) Forgery, including as prohibited under section 642 and chapter 25 (except sec-tion 512) of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(XII) Identity theft or identity fraud, in-cluding as prohibited under sections 1028 and 1028A of title 18, United States Code. The Commissioner of Social Security may promulgate regulations to provide for addi-tional felony crimes under this clause. ‘‘(v)(I) For the purpose of carrying out the activities required under subparagraph (B)(i) as part of the investigation under subpara-graph (A)(i), the Commissioner may conduct a background check of any individual seek-ing to serve as a representative payee under this subsection and may disqualify from service as a representative payee any such individual who fails to grant permission for the Commissioner to conduct such a back-ground check. ‘‘(II) The Commissioner may revoke cer-tification of payment of benefits under this subsection to any individual serving as a rep-resentative payee on or after January 1, 2019 who fails to grant permission for the Com-missioner to conduct such a background check.’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (i)— (i) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subclause (V), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(VI) except as provided in clause (vi), such person has previously been convicted (and not subsequently exonerated) as described in subparagraph (B)(i)(VII).’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi)(I) With respect to any person de-scribed in subclause (II)— ‘‘(aa) subparagraph (B)(i)(VII) shall not apply; and ‘‘(bb) the Commissioner may grant an ex-emption from the provisions of clause (i)(VI) if the Commissioner determines that such exemption is in the best interest of the indi-vidual entitled to benefits. ‘‘(II) A person is described in this subclause if the person— ‘‘(aa) is the custodial parent of a minor child for whom the person applies to serve, ‘‘(bb) is the custodial spouse of the bene-ficiary for whom the person applies to serve, ‘‘(cc) is the custodial parent of a bene-ficiary who is under a disability (as defined in section 223(d)) which began before the ben-eficiary attained the age of 22, for whom the person applies to serve, ‘‘(dd) is the custodial court appointed guardian of the beneficiary for whom the person applies to serve, ‘‘(ee) is the custodial grandparent of a minor grandchild for whom the person ap-plies to serve, ‘‘(ff) is the parent who was previously rep-resentative payee for his or her minor child who has since turned 18 and continues to be eligible for such benefit, or ‘‘(gg) received a presidential or guber-natorial pardon for the relevant convic-tion.’’. (b) AMENDMENTS TO TITLE VIII.—Section 807 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1007) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) determine whether such person has been convicted (and not subsequently exon-erated), under Federal or State law, of a fel-ony provided under paragraph (4), or of an attempt or a conspiracy to commit such a felony.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) The felony crimes provided under this paragraph, whether an offense under State or Federal law, are the following: ‘‘(A) Human trafficking, including as pro-hibited under sections 1590 and 1591 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(B) False imprisonment, including as pro-hibited under section 1201 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(C) Kidnapping, including as prohibited under section 1201 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(D) Rape and sexual assault, including as prohibited under sections 2241, 2242, 2243, and 2244 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(E) First-degree homicide, including as prohibited under section 1111 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(F) Robbery, including as prohibited under section 2111 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(G) Fraud to obtain access to government assistance, including as prohibited under sec-tions 287, 1001, and 1343 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(H) Fraud by scheme, including as prohib-ited under section 1343 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(I) Theft of government funds or property, including as prohibited under section 641 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(J) Abuse or neglect, including as prohib-ited under sections 111, 113, 114, 115, 116, or 117 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(K) Forgery, including as prohibited under section 642 and chapter 25 (except sec-tion 512) of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(L) Identity theft or identity fraud, in-cluding as prohibited under sections 1028 and 1028A of title 18, United States Code. The Commissioner of Social Security may promulgate regulations to provide for addi-tional felony crimes under this clause. ‘‘(5)(A) For the purpose of carrying out the activities required under paragraph (2) as part of the investigation under paragraph (1)(A), the Commissioner may conduct a background check of any individual seeking to serve as a representative payee under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H745 February 5, 2018 
subsection and may disqualify from service as a representative payee any such indi-vidual who fails to grant permission for the Commissioner to conduct such a background check. ‘‘(B) The Commissioner may revoke certifi-cation of payment of benefits under this sub-section to any individual serving as a rep-resentative payee on or after January 1, 2019 who fails to grant permission for the Com-missioner to conduct such a background check.’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) except as provided in paragraph (2)(D), such person has previously been convicted (and not subsequently exonerated) as de-scribed in subsection (b)(2)(G).’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D)(i) With respect to any person de-scribed in clause (II)— ‘‘(I) subsection (b)(2)(G) shall not apply; and ‘‘(II) the Commissioner may grant an ex-emption from the provisions of paragraph (1)(F) if the Commissioner determines that such exemption is in the best interest of the individual entitled to benefits. ‘‘(ii) A person is described in this clause if the person— ‘‘(I) is the custodial spouse of the bene-ficiary for whom the person applies to serve, ‘‘(II) is the custodial court appointed guardian of the beneficiary for whom the person applies to serve; or ‘‘(III) received a presidential or guber-natorial pardon for the relevant convic-tion.’’. (c) A
MENDMENTS TO TITLE XVI.—Section 1631(a)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1383(a)(2)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii)— (A) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subclause (VI), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(VII) determine whether such person has been convicted (and not subsequently exon-erated), under Federal or State law, of a fel-ony provided under clause (xv), or of an at-tempt or a conspiracy to commit such a fel-ony.’’; (2) in clause (iii)— (A) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subclause (V), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(VI) except as provided in clause (xvii), such person has previously been convicted (and not subsequently exonerated) as de-scribed in clause (ii)(VII).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xv) The felony crimes provided under this clause, whether an offense under State or Federal law, are the following: ‘‘(I) Human trafficking, including as pro-hibited under sections 1590 and 1591 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(II) False imprisonment, including as pro-hibited under section 1201 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(III) Kidnapping, including as prohibited under section 1201 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(IV) Rape and sexual assault, including as prohibited under sections 2241, 2242, 2243, and 2244 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(V) First-degree homicide, including as prohibited under section 1111 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(VI) Robbery, including as prohibited under section 2111 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(VII) Fraud to obtain access to govern-ment assistance, including as prohibited under sections 287, 1001, and 1343 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(VIII) Fraud by scheme, including as pro-hibited under section 1343 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(IX) Theft of government funds or prop-erty, including as prohibited under section 641 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(X) Abuse or neglect, including as prohib-ited under sections 111, 113, 114, 115, 116, or 117 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(XI) Forgery, including as prohibited under section 642 and chapter 25 (except sec-tion 512) of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(XII) Identity theft or identity fraud, in-cluding as prohibited under sections 1028 and 1028A of title 18, United States Code. The Commissioner of Social Security may promulgate regulations to provide for addi-tional felony crimes under this clause. ‘‘(xvi)(I) For the purpose of carrying out the activities required under clause (ii) as part of the investigation under clause (i)(I), the Commissioner may conduct a back-ground check of any individual seeking to serve as a representative payee under this subsection and may disqualify from service as a representative payee any such indi-vidual who fails to grant permission for the Commissioner to conduct such a background check. ‘‘(II) The Commissioner may revoke cer-tification of payment of benefits under this subsection to any individual serving as a rep-resentative payee on or after January 1, 2019 who fails to grant permission for the Com-missioner to conduct such a background check. ‘‘(xvii)(I) With respect to any person de-scribed in subclause (II)— ‘‘(aa) clause (ii)(VII) shall not apply; and ‘‘(bb) the Commissioner may grant an ex-emption from the provisions of clause (iii)(VI) if the Commissioner determines that such exemption is in the best interest of the individual entitled to benefits. ‘‘(II) A person is described in this subclause if the person— ‘‘(aa) is the custodial parent of a minor child for whom the person applies to serve, ‘‘(bb) is the custodial spouse of the bene-ficiary for whom the person applies to serve, ‘‘(cc) is the custodial parent of a bene-ficiary who is under a disability which began before the beneficiary attained the age of 22, for whom the person applies to serve, ‘‘(dd) is the custodial court appointed guardian of the beneficiary for whom the person applies to serve, ‘‘(ee) is the custodial grandparent of a minor grandchild for whom the person ap-plies to serve, ‘‘(ff) is the parent who was previously rep-resentative payee for his or her minor child who has since turned 18 and continues to be eligible for such benefit, or ‘‘(gg) received a presidential or guber-natorial pardon for the relevant convic-tion.’’. (d) A
PPLICATION TO NEWAPPOINTMENTS .— Subject to subsection (e), the amendments made by subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall apply with respect to any individual ap-pointed to serve as a representative payee pursuant to section 205(j), 807, or 1631(a)(2) of the Social Security Act on or after January 1, 2019. (e) A
PPLICATION TO PRIOR APPOINTMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2024, the Commissioner of Social Security shall conduct a review of each individual serving as a representative payee pursuant to 205(j), 807, or 1631(a)(2) of the Social Secu-rity Act, to determine whether such indi-vidual has been convicted of a felony as de-scribed in section 205(j)(2)(B)(i)(VII), 807(b)(2)(G), or 1631(a)(2)(B)(ii)(VII), respec-tively (as such provisions are added by this section). Except as provided in section 205(j)(2)(C)(vi), 807(d)(2)(D), or 1631(a)(2)(B)(xvii) (as so added), any indi-vidual determined by the Commissioner to have been so convicted may not serve as a representative payee on or after the date of such determination. (2) PRIORITY .—In conducting reviews under paragraph (1), the Commissioner shall prioritize reviews of the following categories of individuals, in the following order: (A) An individual serving as representative payee for 15 or more individuals. (B) An individual serving as representative payee for an individual who is not related to the representative payee. (C) An individual serving as representative payee for an individual who has attained the age of 18 and is not the spouse of the rep-resentative payee. (f) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commissioner of Social Security shall issue regulations to establish a process for reviewing each individual serving as a rep-resentative payee pursuant to section 205(j), 807, or 1631(a)(2) of the Social Security Act (other than individuals with respect to whom an exemption has been granted under section 205(j)(2)(C)(vi), 807(d)(2)(D), or 1631(a)(2)(B)(xvii)) not less than once every 5 years to determine whether any such indi-vidual has been convicted of a felony as de-scribed in subsection (e)(1) of this section. 
SECTION 203. PROHIBITION ON INDIVIDUALS WITH REPRESENTATIVE PAYEES SERVING AS REPRESENTATIVE PAY-EES. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO TITLE II.—Section 205(j)(2)(C)(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(j)(2)(C)(i)), as amended by section 202(a)(2), is further amended— (1) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subclause (VI), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(VII) such person’s benefits under this title, title VIII, or title XVI are certified for payment to a representative payee during the period for which the individual’s benefits would be certified for payment to another person.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE VIII.—Section 807(d)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1007(d)(1)), as amended by section 202(b)(2), is further amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) such person’s benefits under this title, title II, or title XVI are certified for pay-ment to a representative payee during the period for which the individual’s benefits would be certified for payment to another person.’’. (c) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE XVI.—Section 1631(a)(2)(B)(iii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1383(a)(2)(B)(iii)), as amended by section 202(c)(2), is further amended— (1) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subclause (VI), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(VII) such person’s benefits under this title, title II, or title VIII are certified for payment to a representative payee during the period for which the individual’s benefits would be certified for payment to another person.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH746 February 5, 2018 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) N
EW APPOINTMENTS .—Subject to para-graph (2), the amendments made by this sec-tion shall apply with respect to any indi-vidual appointed to serve as a representative payee under title II, title VIII, or title XVI of the Social Security Act on or after Janu-ary 1, 2019. (2) P
RIOR APPOINTMENTS .—With respect to individuals serving as a representative payee whose benefits under this title, title VIII, or title XVI are certified for payment to an-other representative payee as of January 1, 2019, the Commissioner shall take any steps necessary to terminate such individual’s service as a representative payee as soon as possible, but no later than January 1, 2024. 
SEC. 204. REASSESSMENT OF PAYEE SELECTION AND REPLACEMENT POLICIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of So-cial Security shall conduct, with oppor-tunity for public comment, a review and re-assessment of— (1) the appropriateness of its order of pref-erence for selecting representative payees, including payees who may be creditors of the beneficiary or who are private, for-profit in-stitutions; and (2) the effectiveness of its policy and oper-ational procedures in properly determining when to change a representative payee, in-cluding— (A) from a payee that has a higher order of preference (such as a family member) to a payee that has a lower order of preference (such as a creditor); or (B) when a request to change payees arises from someone other than the beneficiary. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of Social Security shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and make publicly available a report on the re-sults of the review and reassessment under subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) and the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4547, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today we have an oppor-tunity to take action on bipartisan leg-islation to help those receiving Social Security. This bill, led by Congressmen S
AMJOHNSON of Texas and J OHNLAR-
SONof Connecticut, the chairman and ranking member of the Ways and Means Social Security Subcommittee, takes actions to improve the represent-ative payee program. Today, when someone on Social Se-curity is not able to manage their own benefits, the Social Security Adminis-tration will assign them what is called a representative payee. These are indi-viduals or organizations that have a vital responsibility to be helping some of our most vulnerable people on Social Security: children, seniors, and folks with disabilities. The payee receives benefits on behalf of these Americans, and they are required to use the money to fulfill those needs. Here is the problem: The Representa-tive Payee Program just isn’t working the way it should. As the Committee on Ways and Means has learned from the work of our Social Security Sub-committee, the Social Security Admin-istration has serious challenges know-ing when someone needs help managing their benefits and also in making sure that those who provide that help are doing a good job. This puts some of our most vulner-able receivers of Social Security at risk, and that is completely unaccept-able. We have a responsibility to fix it. That is why this legislation is so im-portant. With this bipartisan bill, we can make the representative payee pro-gram more effective and more account-able for the Americans who depend upon it. This bill strengthens over-sight; it increases protections for those on Social Security; it reduces burdens on families; and it puts greater focus on the needs of Social Security fami-lies, giving Americans more of a say in selecting the payee of their choice and, more importantly, ensuring they have a payee they can trust. Although our committee did not mark up this bill, we have held mul-tiple subcommittee hearings on the issue and meetings among Members from both sides of the aisle. We have heard from stakeholders about the challenges they face. This bill is a long time coming and is going to make im-portant, much-needed changes to the representative payee program. To further solidify the committee’s understanding and our legislative in-tent, I am sending the Acting Commis-sioner of Social Security a letter signed by myself and Congressmen RICHARD NEAL, SAMJOHNSON , and J OHN L
ARSON . Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  this letter which transmits a technical explanation of the bill. We have asked the Acting Commissioner to make that letter and technical explanation avail-able on the agency’s website. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, February 5, 2018. N
ANCY BERRYHILL , Acting Commissioner, Social Security Adminis-tration Baltimore, MD. D
EAR ACTING COMMISSIONER BERRYHILL : The attached document outlines the Com-mittee’s understanding and legislative in-tent of H.R. 4547, the Strengthening Protec-tions for Social Security Beneficiaries Act of 2018, in lieu of a Committee Report from the Committee on Ways and Means. We ask that you make this letter and attached document publicly available on the agency’s website. In 1939, Congress first authorized the So-cial Security Administration (SSA) to make benefit payments to another person or orga-nization—called a representative payee—in cases where a beneficiary is not capable of managing their own benefits. Reports from government watchdogs and stakeholders have raised repeated concerns about how the SSA administers the representative payee program. H.R. 4547 takes important steps to address these concerns. Over time, the SSA’s payee monitoring program has strengthened, adding both stat-utory and discretionary on-site reviews to oversee payee performance, and leveraging predictive models to focus additional reviews on the highest-risk payees. Most payees also file an annual report of how the benefits were used, but it has become clear that the accounting form is not an effective protec-tion, with little misuse identified from the submissions. H.R. 4547 builds on the current framework by requiring additional on-site reviews and improving the effectiveness of reviews by requiring state Protection and Advocacy systems to conduct the reviews on behalf of the SSA. We expect this legislation will allow the SSA to greatly expand reviews of payees and better focus oversight on the highest-risk payees, while eliminating the burden of the accounting form for certain family members, who will remain subject to review under the predictive models. In addition to strengthening oversight, H.R. 4547 takes important steps to address the serious shortcomings with payee selec-tion. This bill makes sure that individuals with significant felony convictions and those who have a payee themselves cannot serve as payees. The bill also allows beneficiaries to designate their preferred payee in advance and requires the SSA to assess the appro-priateness of the order-of-preference list it uses to select payees, particularly in cases where there is a change in payee. By strengthening oversight of payees as well as the safeguards around who may serve as a payee, these commonsense provisions in H.R. 4547 make much-needed improvements to the representative payee program to pro-tect vulnerable beneficiaries. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. R
ICHARD E. N EAL, Ranking Member. S
AMJOHNSON , Chairman, Sub-committee on Social Security. J
OHNB. L ARSON , Ranking Member, Subcomittee on So-cial Security. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all the Members for their hard work and leadership on this important issue. Particularly, I want to express my gratitude to Chairman J
OHNSON and Ranking Member L ARSON  for their dedication to improving the representative payee program. This is a very important bill that has strong bi-partisan support. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4547, the Strengthening Protec-tions for Social Security Beneficiaries Act of 2018, which the distinguished chairman, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ) and I have intro-duced and on which the committee has held several hearings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H747 February 5, 2018 
Before I begin, I would like to ac-knowledge our distinguished chairman. We on the Committee on Ways and Means are fortunate that we, in our midst, get to work daily with two iconic American heroes: J
OHNLEWIS of Georgia and S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. It has been my high honor to serve as the ranking member with this great Amer-ican hero and dedicated public servant. We all know that Mr. J
OHNSON is in-dicating that he will not be seeking re-election again. That is a great loss to the Congress and a great homecoming for people in Plano, Texas, and his fam-ily, who richly deserve this great American hero. He demonstrates that heroism daily in the committee by his compassion and concern for his fellow Americans. Much as he defended them in his service to the military, he de-fends them daily here in the United States Congress. As Chairman B
RADY pointed out, there is a great need within the payee system to address a number of the con-cerns, as the hearings which Mr. J
OHN-
SONconducted revealed many of the in-adequacies that existed. There are cur-rently 8 million Social Security bene-ficiaries who have a representative payee to help manage their benefits, nearly half of whom are children. In many cases, we are talking about the most vulnerable of our citizens, many of whom cannot advocate for them-selves. That is why our bill strengthens the number of quality-of-performance re-views by entrusting them to protection and advocacy organizations in each State. These organizations are embed-ded in the communities they serve and will be best equipped to flag and inves-tigate instances where payees may be abusing their beneficiaries. Many of the State organizations have written letters of support for H.R. 4547, including Disability Rights Con-necticut. Mr. Speaker, I include that letter in the R
ECORD . 
DISABILITY RIGHTS CONNECTICUT , Hartford, CT, December 13, 2017. Representative S
AMJOHNSON , Chairman, Social Security Subcommittee, Com-mittee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. Representative J
OHNB. L ARSON , Ranking Member, Social Security Subcommittee, Committee on Ways and Means, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN JOHNSON AND RANKING  M
EMBER LARSON : Thank you for introducing the Strengthening Protections for Social Se-curity Beneficiaries Act of 2017 (H.R. 4547), bipartisan legislation to improve and strengthen the Social Security Administra-tion’s (SSA) representative payee program. This legislation is necessary to create a per-manent, independent system of oversight to protect Social Security beneficiaries from fraud and exploitation. It also addresses issues of choice by beneficiaries and de-creases reporting burdens on families. As an employee of the Connecticut protec-tion and advocacy system during the pre-vious iteration of Representative Payee re-views, I experienced how important it was to conduct on site reviews of financial accounts but even more invaluable to meet Social Se-curity recipients, interview them and see where they live. The reviews also informed other areas of advocacy conducted by the agency and would be an asset to Disability Rights Connecticut, the new protection and advocacy system for Connecticut. Disability Rights Connecticut’s mission is to advocate, educate, investigate and liti-gate to advance and protect the civil rights of people with disabilities to participate, equally and fully in the social and economic life of Connecticut. As a protection and ad-vocacy system we do this through informa-tion and referral, technical assistance, inves-tigation, monitoring and advocacy. We also provide training, education and outreach to empower individuals to advocate for them-selves and others. Again, thank you for your sponsorship of H.R. 4547. Please do not hesitate to contact me or refer your Connecticut inquiries to Disability Rights Connecticut. Sincerely, GRETCHEN KNAUFF , Executive Director. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, aside from that and because of Mr. J
OHNSON ’s leadership, the bill before us today has the support of many advocacy groups, including the AARP, the National Committee to Pre-serve Social Security & Medicare, the National Disability Rights Network, the Association of Mature American Citizens, and the National Alliance on Mental Illness. I therefore urge my col-leagues on both sides, as Chairman B
RADY has indicated, to join us in vot-ing ‘‘yes’’ on this very important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHN-
SON), and I ask unanimous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise as chair-man of the Ways and Means Sub-committee on Social Security in sup-port of the Strengthening Protections for Social Security Beneficiaries Act of 2018. My good friend from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ) and I introduced this leg-islation to make much-needed reforms to the Social Security representative payee programs. Congress first author-ized Social Security to designate rep-resentative payees all the way back in 1939. The program was last updated in 2004. For those unfamiliar, the Social Se-curity representative payee program designates a payee to help manage the benefits of those who need assistance managing their benefits. We are talk-ing about quite a few. In fact, you may be surprised to learn that there are about 8 million beneficiaries with pay-ees. In my home State of Texas, we are talking about more than 625,000 people with payees. To put a face on this pro-gram, we are talking about folks like the aging relative or the elderly neigh-bor next door, people you may know but didn’t realize had a representative payee. With 10,000 Americans retiring every day, this vitally important program is only going to grow in demand. But here is the problem: multiple reports have raised serious concerns about how So-cial Security administers this program. In light of these reports, we held two hearings on the representative payee program last year. The first hearing looked at how Social Security decides who needs a payee. The second hearing looked at how Social Security selects and oversees payees. During the hearing, Social Security told us the greatest challenge that they face is monitoring representative payee behavior. We also learned from Social Security’s inspector general that Social Security needs to do a bet-ter job of screening payees so that only qualified people are serving as payees. And we heard from State courts that they are concerned about the lack of information sharing between Social Se-curity and States. We can and must do better for the millions of folks who need some help managing their Social Security bene-fits. This is why I have been working with Ranking Member LARSON on the bill and we are voting on it today. This bipartisan bill does the fol-lowing: it strengthens monitoring of payees; it reduces the burden of unnec-essary forms for families; it increases beneficiary protections; and it im-proves payee selection and quality. This commonsense legislation is sup-ported by over 45 organizations, includ-ing AARP, the National Council of So-cial Security Management Associa-tions, the National Disability Rights Network, the National Committee to Preserve Social Security & Medicare, and many others. Mr. Speaker, I include the National Council of Social Security Manage-ment Associations and the National Disability Rights Network letters in the R
ECORD . 
NATIONAL COUNCIL OF SOCIAL SECU-
RITY MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATIONS , I
NC., Arlington, VA, December 6, 2017. Hon. S
AMJOHNSON , Chairman, Hon. J
OHNB. L ARSON , Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Subcommittee on So-cial Security, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN JOHNSON AND RANKING  M
EMBER LARSON : On behalf of the National Council of Social Security Management As-sociations (NCSSMA) and our members throughout the nation, I would like to thank you for your introduction of H.R. 4547, the Strengthening Protections for Social Secu-rity Beneficiaries Act of 2017. We very much appreciate your leadership on this important legislation and the hard work and dedication of the Subcommittee staff in engaging NCSSMA and other stakeholders to ensure such a commonsense measure that will not only benefit and protect the American pub-lic, but also ease the administrative burden on the hardworking employees of the Social Security Administration (SSA). We firmly believe this legislation will bet-ter protect those individuals who most need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.009 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH748 February 5, 2018 
our assistance while relieving the adminis-trative burden both for families and SSA, en-suring that resources are focused on pro-grams, policies and workloads that make sense. We sincerely appreciate the ongoing dis-cussions we have had with the Subcommittee regarding the Representative Payee program and are encouraged that H.R. 4547 addresses so many of the issues and concerns we have raised. We enthusiastically support this leg-islation and look forward to working with you to advance it through the legislative process. Thank you for your willingness to work with NCSSMA and the opportunity for our organization to provide feedback not only re-lated to the Representative Payee program, but also on so many other important issues related to SSA and the programs we admin-ister. Thank you again for your leadership. Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or if we can provide addi-tional assistance. Sincerely, C
HRISTOPHER DETZLER , NCSSMA President. 
NATIONAL DISABILITY RIGHTS NETWORK , Washington, DC, December 6, 2017. Representative S
AMJOHNSON , Chairman, Social Security Subcommittee, House Ways and Means Committee, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN JOHNSON : On behalf of the National Disability Rights Network (NDRN) and the nationwide network of fifty-seven Protection and Advocacy systems we rep-resent, I write in strong support of H.R. 4547, the Strengthening Protections for Social Se-curity Beneficiaries Act of 2017. Enactment of this legislation will provide critical pro-tections for Social Security beneficiaries as well as needed reforms to the crucial rep-resentative payee program. NDRN is the non-profit membership orga-nization for the federally mandated Protec-tion and Advocacy (P&A) and Client Assist-ance Program (CAP) systems for individuals with disabilities. The P&A and CAP systems were established by the United States Con-gress to protect the rights of people with dis-abilities and their families through legal support, advocacy, referral, and education. P&As and CAPs are in all 50 states, the Dis-trict of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Territories (American Samoa, Guam, North-ern Mariana Islands, and the US Virgin Is-lands), and there is a P&A and CAP affiliated with the Native American Consortium which includes the Hopi, Navajo and San Juan Southern Paiute Nations in the Four Corners region of the Southwest. Collectively, the P&A and CAP Network is the largest pro-vider of legally based advocacy services to people with disabilities in the United States. News stories, Office of Inspector General and Government Accountability Office re-ports, and hearings held by the House Ways and Means Committee have demonstrated the need for changes in the representative payee program. Your legislation proposes many important and needed changes that will streamline the program as well as take important steps to increase oversight of the representative payee program by funding the nationwide network of P&A systems to mon-itor how representative payees are admin-istering the Social Security funds received by beneficiaries. This legislation recognizes the important oversight work that the nationwide network of P&A systems performed for the Social Se-curity Administration (SSA) starting in 2009 after it was revealed dozens of men with de-velopmental disabilities were abused and fi-nancially exploited at a turkey processing plant known as Henry’s Turkey Service. The company acted as the workers’ representa-tive payee which gave them access to the men’s social security disability benefits. It was found that in addition to physically and verbally assaulting the men, Henry’s was fraudulently using funds from the men’s so-cial security payments. To the Social Security Administration’s (SSA) credit, following the discovery of this theft, SSA increased monitoring beyond re-views that they are statutorily required to perform and began investigating whether other organizational representative payees were exploiting the beneficiaries they were appointed to serve. As part of this effort, SSA turned to the federally mandated P&A system to conduct monitoring on representa-tive payees. The collaboration between SSA and the P&A systems allowed SSA to meet its goal of ensuring that payees meet the fi-duciary responsibilities they accepted when they applied to act as a payee. The partner-ship not only allowed SSA to meet their re-sponsibilities, but also allowed the P&A sys-tems to address health and safety issues and other issues important to the beneficiary but that fall outside of SSA’s purview (for more information and statistics on this program, see this report: http://www.ndrn.orq/images/ Documents/Resources/NDRN Rep Payee Overview - July 2016.pdf). H.R. 4547 recog-nizes the benefits provided by the nationwide network of P&A systems to monitor rep-resentative payees and how they are admin-istering the social security benefits received by beneficiaries. Again, we greatly appreciate your work on this important issue culminating in the in-troduction of this critical legislation. We stand ready to work with you to quickly get this important legislation enacted into law. Should you have any questions or need more information, please be in touch with Eric Buehlmann, Deputy Executive Director for Public Policy. Sincerely, C
URTDECKER , Executive Director. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members of the House to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this and pass the Strengthening Protections for So-cial Security Beneficiaries Act of 2018 today. As I have said before, this is too important not to get right. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 4547, the Strengthening Protections for So-cial Security Beneficiaries Act of 2018. This bill is important to two program areas under the jurisdiction of the Sub-committee on Human Resources, which I chair: Supplemental Security Income and child welfare. Thank you to Chairman J
OHNSON and Ranking Member L
ARSON for their work on this bill and for including Sup-plemental Security Income recipients. All individuals receiving benefits through the Social Security Adminis-tration deserve to be protected, espe-cially those who need the assistance of a representative payee to manage their finances. b1615 I would specifically like to highlight the important changes this bill would make for children involved with the foster care system, another vulnerable population in need of protection. H.R. 4547 requires the Social Security Administration, or SSA, to enter into monthly data exchanges with State foster care programs to identify when a child receiving Social Security benefits has entered or exited foster care or changed foster care placement. When a change occurs, SSA will now be required to redetermine the appro-priate representative payee to ensure Social Security benefits follow the child. Additionally, the Government Accountability Office will be required to produce a report on minor bene-ficiaries in foster care and the rep-resentative payees to identify whether additional changes are needed. H.R. 4547 also clarifies liability for overpayments when a child is in foster care. In cases where a Social Security beneficiary or Supplemental Security Income recipient is overpaid while in foster care and the State foster care agency is the payee, the beneficiary or recipient would not be liable for the overpayment. Instead, the State foster care agency would be required to repay SSA for the overpayment it received. Foster youth exiting the system have enough challenges, and paying back an overpayment they never received should not have to be one of them. I am proud to cosponsor this legisla-tion, and I encourage my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ). Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the Subcommittee Chair-man J
OHNSON and Ranking Member L
ARSON for their hard work on this leg-islation. I am proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 4547, the Strengthening Protec-tions for Social Security Beneficiaries Act of 2018. As a member of the Ways and Means Committee, I had the opportunity to engage in this issue during hearings the committee held last year. I recog-nize the need for reform of the rep-resentative payee program in order to improve its integrity and ensure that beneficiaries are getting the assistance they need. The representative payee program helps around 8 million Social Security beneficiaries manage their benefits. H.R. 4547 offers several reforms that will improve the program. These in-clude provisions that will help better protect vulnerable beneficiaries, par-ticularly those who are in foster care, by allowing for enhanced information sharing with State foster care pro-grams. This will ensure that children in foster care have the appropriate rep-resentative payee if there is a change in placement. The bill also improves 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.022 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H749 February 5, 2018 
oversight of representative payees by requiring State protection and advo-cacy programs to conduct reviews of payee performance. Mr. Speaker, many Social Security beneficiaries require assistance in managing their benefits. I appreciate the work that the Ways and Means’ Subcommittee on Social Security has done to improve the Social Security representative payee program, and I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 4547. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, many Americans who are charged with managing Social Security benefits for their elderly parents or for their chil-dren struggle to make the system work. I have heard stories from my communities in Kansas of the burden-some process that can be involved with the representative payee program. That is why I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4547, the Strengthening Protections for Social Security Bene-ficiaries Act of 2018. This important bi-partisan piece of legislation reduces the burdens on families by eliminating the requirement to file an annual payee accounting form for spouses and for parents who live with their chil-dren. In addition, the bill protects the most vulnerable beneficiaries through improved information sharing between the Social Security Administration and their respective States’ adult pro-tective services, such as KDADS in Kansas. This will help identify whether a ben-eficiary is in foster care, reassess whether the payee is appropriate, and ensure the beneficiaries are provided for. The Social Security Administra-tion has a great responsibility to en-sure that Americans who need help managing their Social Security bene-fits get that help. I would like to thank Chairman J
OHNSON and Ranking Member L ARSON  for putting this bill together that will strengthen the representative payee program so that it better protects beneficiaries and reduces burdensome government paperwork that rarely pro-vides any real value to families. Too many Americans are counting on the Social Security Administration to get this right. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank the distinguished chairman from Texas for the very bipartisan nature of which this bill has come together, and that doesn’t happen by accident. It happens because of the hard bipartisan work across the aisle of the staffs whom we work so closely with. It also means that we want to recog-nize Amy Shuart, Lara Rosner, Matt Russell, Anne DeCesaro; and from my staff, Kathryn Olson, Jason Kanter, Morna Miller; and Jill Hunter-Wil-liams, who is with Danny Davis’ staff; and the irreplaceable Sylvia Lee from my office as well. It is always an honor and pleasure to work with Mr. JOHNSON . He is, first and foremost, a gentleman. I look forward, later in this year, to traveling to Plano, Texas, where I hope we can have a hearing on Social Security in gen-eral. Mr. J
OHNSON has a bill and I have a bill that both have the same goals in mind, and while there may be different approaches, I know that his great bi-partisan spirit and his gentleman na-ture will provide the kind of debate and dialogue that is necessary around an issue so vitally important to all Ameri-cans as Social Security. This is America’s greatest program and one that has never missed a pay-ment and is often confused as being an entitlement when, in fact, it is the in-surance that people have paid for and richly deserve. It hasn’t been changed or modified significantly since Ronald Reagan and Tip O’Neill sat down and did that back in the early 1980s. It is long overdue, and what better person who epitomizes the values and virtues of Ronald Reagan and who comes from Texas and who also has a heart as big as that great State, and I know that we will be able to come to a resolution about this very important issue that we face. Mr. Speaker, I close by saying that it is not often, or perhaps more often than people would surmise, that we see this bipartisan cooperation. But it was Hubert Humphrey who said: 
The ultimate moral test of any govern-ment is the way it treats those who are in the dawn of life, the children; those who are in the twilight of life, the elderly; and those who are in the shadows of life, the sick, the needy, and the handicapped. 
What Mr. J OHNSON has done today is to epitomize those very comments of then-Vice President Humphrey, and the Congress is responding. I encourage everyone to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4547, the Strengthening Protections for So-cial Security Beneficiaries Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. You know, without agreement from both sides, you can’t get anything done; and without Mr. L
ARSON , I think we would have been in deep, serious trouble in Social Security, but he and I think alike. We are for the people, and everything we do is trying to im-prove the system over what it is today, and I thank him for his help. Mr. Speaker, I again urge all Mem-bers of the House to vote ‘‘yes’’ and pass the Strengthening Protections for Social Security Beneficiaries Act today so that the Senate can take ac-tion soon and that the President can sign it into law without delay. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAM J
OHNSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4547, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
WESTERN AREA POWER ADMINIS-TRATION TRANSPARENCY ACT Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2371) to require the Adminis-trator of the Western Area Power Ad-ministration to establish a pilot project to provide increased trans-parency for customers, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2371 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Western Area Power Administration Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. WESTERN AREA POWER ADMINISTRATION PILOT PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall establish a pilot project, as part of the continuous process im-provement program and to provide increased transparency for customers, to publish on a publicly available website of the Western Area Power Administration, a database of the following information, beginning with fiscal year 2008, relating to the Western Area Power Administration: (1) By power system and in a consistent format, rates charged to customers for power and transmission service. (2) By power system, the amount of capac-ity or energy sold. (3) By region, a detailed accounting, at the functional level and the budget activity level, of all expenditures, capital costs, and staffing costs, including— (A) indirect costs, including overhead costs; (B) direct charges and direct allocations; (C) the number of contract staff; (D) costs related to independent consult-ants; (E) the number of full-time equivalents; and (F) charges to the region from the head-quarters office of the Western Area Power Administration for all annual and capital costs. (4) For the headquarters office of the West-ern Area Power Administration, a detailed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.012 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH750 February 5, 2018 
accounting at the functional level and the budget activity level, of all expenditures and capital costs, including— (A) indirect costs, including overhead costs; (B) direct charges and direct allocations; (C) the number of contract staff; (D) costs related to independent consult-ants; (E) the number of full-time equivalents; (F) a summary of any expenditures de-scribed in this paragraph, with the total amount paid by each region and power sys-tem; and (G) expenses incurred on behalf of other Federal agencies or programs or third par-ties for the administration of programs not related to the marketing, transmission, or wheeling of Federal hydropower resources, including— (i) indirect costs, including overhead costs; (ii) direct charges and allocations; (iii) the number of contract staff; and (iv) the number of full-time equivalents. (5) Capital expenditures, including— (A) capital investments delineated by the year in which each investment is placed into service; and (B) the sources of capital for each invest-ment. (b) A
NNUAL SUMMARY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year in which the pilot project is being carried out under this section, the Administrator shall make avail-able on a publicly available website— (A) updates to documents made available on the date of the initial publication of the information on the website under subsection (a); (B) an identification of the magnitude of annual changes in the information published on the website under subsection (a); (C) a description of the reasons for the changes identified under subparagraph (B); (D) subject to paragraph (2), the total amount of the unobligated balances retained by the Western Area Power Administration at the end of the prior fiscal year within each marketing area and headquarters by— (i) purpose or function; (ii) source of funding; (iii) anticipated program allotment; and (iv) underlying authority for each source of funding; and (E) the anticipated level of unobligated balances that the Western Area Power Ad-ministration expects to retain at the end of the fiscal year in which the annual summary is published, as delineated by each of the cat-egories described in clauses (i) through (iv) of subparagraph (D). (2) L
IMITATION .—Amounts in the Upper Col-orado River Basin Fund established by sec-tion 5(a) of the Act of April 11, 1956 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Colorado River Stor-age Project Act’’) (43 U.S.C. 620d(a)), shall not considered to be an unobligated balance retained by the Western Area Power Admin-istration for purposes of paragraph (1)(D). (c) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot project under this section shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-izona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOSAR. I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Today, we are considering my bill, H.R. 2371, the Western Area Power Ad-ministration Transparency Act. This bipartisan bill simply requires the Western Area Power Administration, known as WAPA, to establish a pilot project to allow for a more detailed un-derstanding of how it uses both tax-payer and ratepayer dollars. This bill is the result of calls from some of WAPA’s customers given rate increase trends and other financial dis-crepancies. H.R. 2371 requires WAPA to develop a publicly available website that contains a detailed accounting of its rates, expenditures, staffing, and other operational and financial deal-ings. Since cost increases are ulti-mately borne by its customers, WAPA needs to be more transparent about its business practices. That is exactly what this bill seeks to achieve. H.R. 2371 will increase transparency and af-ford ratepayers with the necessary in-formation to positively engage with WAPA about its operation and spend-ing decisions. I urge adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2371, the Western Area Power Administration Trans-parency Act will help foster greater transparency and promote public con-fidence in the Western Area Power Ad-ministration, also called WAPA. WAPA is a critically important Federal agen-cy that helps deliver power to nearly 40 million Americans across 15 States. This bill would establish a 7-year pilot project requiring WAPA to publish in-formation online detailing the rates charged to customers for power and transmission service. The legislation would also require WAPA to publish a detailed accounting of all expenditures, capital costs, and staffing costs by region and at WAPA’s headquarter office. Finally, the legislation directs WAPA to publish information on the amount of unobligated balances the agency retains each year. For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1630 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2371 will increase transparency and afford ratepayers with the necessary informa-tion to positively engage WAPA about its operations and spending decisions. Imagine that: getting back to what customers want. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2371. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
STE. GENEVIEVE NATIONAL HIS-TORICAL PARK ESTABLISHMENT ACT Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2888) to establish the Ste. Gene-vieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2888 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ste. Gene-vieve National Historical Park Establish-ment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) H
ISTORIC DISTRICT .—The term ‘‘Historic District’’ means the Ste. Genevieve Historic District National Historic Landmark, as gen-erally depicted on the Map. (2) H
ISTORICAL PARK .—The term ‘‘Histor-ical Park’’ means the Ste. Genevieve Na-tional Historical Park established by section 3(a). (3) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Ste. Genevieve National Historical Park Proposed Boundary’’, numbered 571/ 132,626, and dated May 2016. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (5) S
PECIAL RESOURCE STUDY .—The term ‘‘special resource study’’ means the study entitled ‘‘Ste. Genevieve Final Special Re-sources Study and Environmental Assess-ment, Missouri’’ and dated May 2016. (6) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Missouri. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE STE. GENEVIEVE NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), there is established the Ste. Genevieve Na-tional Historical Park in the State as a unit of the National Park System to preserve, protect, and interpret for the benefit of present and future generations the themes of French settlement, vernacular architecture, and community form and farming on the frontier associated with Ste. Genevieve. (2) C
ONDITIONS FOR ESTABLISHMENT .—The Historical Park shall not be established until the date on which the Secretary determines that— (A) sufficient land has been acquired for the Historical Park to constitute a manage-able unit; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.012 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H751 February 5, 2018 
(B) the Secretary has entered into a writ-ten agreement providing that land owned by the State, the City of Ste. Genevieve, or other entity within the Historic District shall be managed consistent with the pur-poses of this Act. (b) B
OUNDARIES .—The boundaries of the Historical Park shall be the boundaries gen-erally depicted on the Map. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP.—The Map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (d) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may ac-quire any land or interest in land located within the boundary of the Historical Park or any nationally significant property iden-tified in the special resource study within the Historic District by— (A) donation; (B) purchase with donated or appropriated funds; or (C) exchange. (2) B
OUNDARY REVISION .—On the acquisition of any property within the Historic District under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall re-vise the boundary of the Historical Park to include the property. (e) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-minister the Historical Park in accordance with— (A) this Act; and (B) the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System, including— (i) section 100101(a), chapter 1003, and sec-tions 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101 of title 54, United States Code; and (ii) chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code. (2) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made avail-able to prepare a general management plan for the Historical Park, the Secretary shall prepare the general management plan in ac-cordance with section 100502 of title 54, United States Code. (B) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—On comple-tion of the general management plan under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the general management plan. (3) R
ELATED SITES .—The Secretary may provide interpretative tours and educational programs at related historic and cultural sites within the Historic District associated with the purposes for which the Historical Park is established. (f) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-vide technical assistance and enter into co-operative agreements with the owner of a na-tionally significant property within the His-torical Park or the Historic District, to iden-tify, mark, interpret, improve, and restore the property. (2) R
IGHT OF ACCESS .—A cooperative agree-ment entered into under paragraph (1) shall provide that the Secretary, acting through the Director of the National Park Service, shall have the right of access at all reason-able times to all public portions of the prop-erty covered by the agreement for the pur-poses of— (A) conducting visitors through the prop-erty; and (B) interpreting the property for the pub-lic. (3) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT .— (A) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the total cost of any activity carried out under a cooperative agreement entered into under this subsection shall be not more than 50 percent. (B) FORM OF NON -FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal share of an activity carried out under a cooperative agreement entered into under this subsection may be in the form of donated property, goods, or services fairly valued. (4) C
HANGES OR ALTERATIONS .—No changes or alterations shall be made to any property or project covered by a cooperative agree-ment entered into under paragraph (1) unless the Secretary and the other party to the agreement agree to the changes or alter-ations. (5) C
ONVERSION , USE, OR DISPOSAL .—Any payment by the Secretary under this sub-section shall be subject to an agreement that the conversion, use, or disposal of a property or project for purposes contrary to the pur-poses of this section, as determined by the Secretary, shall entitle the United States to reimbursement in any amount equal to the greater of— (A) the amounts made available to the property or project by the United States; or (B) the portion of the increased value of the property or project attributable to the amounts made available under this sub-section, as determined at the time of the conversion, use, or disposal. (g) L
IMITED ROLE OF THE SECRETARY .— Nothing in this Act authorizes the Secretary to assume overall financial responsibility for the operation, maintenance, or management of the Historic District. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-izona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2888, the Ste. Gen-evieve National Historical Park Estab-lishment Act, sponsored by Represent-ative J
ASON SMITH from Missouri, would establish the Ste. Genevieve Na-tional Historical Park in the city of Ste. Genevieve, Missouri. It would also authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire land for the park by dona-tion, purchase, or exchange. Founded around 1750 by French Cana-dian settlers, Ste. Genevieve was Mis-souri’s first settlement. Settlers from present-day Illinois crossed the Mis-sissippi River attracted to the rich soil in the area. After severe floods in 1785, the town was moved 3 miles inland, where it still exists today, retaining many of its historic buildings, land-scapes, and community characteristics. Ste. Genevieve is one of the oldest National Historic Landmark districts in the country, with a portion of the landmark designated in 1960. It is fa-mous for the use of French vertical log architecture. In 2009, Congress authorized a Na-tional Park Service study of the area, which concluded that the Ste. Gene-vieve historic district is nationally sig-nificant and suitable for direct Na-tional Park Service management. There is widespread local support for the establishment of a historical park, including the city, county commission, and Chamber of Commerce. Ste. Genevieve is an important part of our Nation’s expansion and agricul-tural history and merits becoming a unit of the National Park System. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2888 establishes the Ste. Genevieve National Historical Park in the State of Missouri. Ste. Genevieve, Missouri, is a small town on the banks of the Mississippi River that was established by French settlers in the mid-eighteenth century. Due to its unique collection of French vertical log architecture, the town was designated as one of the Na-tion’s first National Historic Land-marks in 1960. In 2016, the National Park Service completed the special resource study and determined that the area exempli-fies an important aspect of American history not adequately represented and protected elsewhere, therefore, meet-ing the suitability criteria for inclu-sion in the National Park System. This site went through the process and has fulfilled all the criteria for be-coming a new unit of the National Park System. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mis-souri (Mr. SMITH), the original sponsor of this bill. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here today to speak on behalf of this bill, the Ste. Gene-vieve National Historical Park Estab-lishment Act, and on the behalf of the community of Ste. Genevieve. Ste. Genevieve, Missouri, is home to one of the largest collections of French colonial architecture in the United States and is one of the oldest colonial settlements west of the Mississippi River dating back to the early 1700s. For years, the community of Ste. Genevieve has celebrated its history and unique culture through numerous festivals and annual events. Over time, the Federal Government has begun to catch on. One of the town’s historic homes is a National Historic Land-mark, several other homes are on the National Register of Historic Places, and a large area of the town itself is designated as a National Historic Landmark district, one of the oldest in the country. In May of 2016, the National Park Service concluded and released a Final Special Resource Study and Environ-mental Assessment for Ste. Genevieve. This study was the result of legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.011 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH752 February 5, 2018 
passed over 10 years previously, which tasked the Park Service with deter-mining whether or not the resources at Ste. Genevieve met the criteria for in-clusion in the National Park System. Happily, the Park Service study con-cluded what the people of Ste. Gene-vieve already knew: that Ste. Genevieve’s large and unique collection of vertical log houses rises to national significance. The study determined that certain areas are suitable for di-rect Park Service management. My bill is very straightforward: it es-tablishes the Ste. Genevieve National Historical Park as a unit of the Na-tional Park System; it sets the bound-aries of the park as depicted on the map laid out by the Park Service; and it gives the Secretary of the Interior certain authorities within the bound-aries of the Historical Park or any na-tionally significant property identified in the special resource study. In order for the resources of Ste. Genevieve to be properly preserved, Park Service management is nec-essary. The work of local nonprofits, the city of Ste. Genevieve, and the State of Missouri to manage, preserve, and showcase these historic structures cannot be understated. However, there are still unmet needs for resource pro-tection and interpretation, and the community looks forward to working with the Park Service to increase tour-ism in the area as well as properly pre-serve and study the town’s resources. Once again, I want to highlight and thank the community of Ste. Gene-vieve for their strong support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge this body to swiftly pass my bill and move it one step closer to the President’s desk. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. Mr. Speaker, I would like to point out something that we do not normally see in the Public Lands and Environ-mental Regulation Subcommittee of Natural Resources, and that is the peo-ple of Ste. Genevieve feel so strongly in what they do that they actually came to support those testifying in time-sen-sitive dress. As we looked at the var-ious photographs of what they do to preserve their town, they were there before us in those same costumes. This is how serious the people of Ste. Gene-vieve are of the preservation of their site. Mr. Speaker, for those reasons, I urge my colleagues to please support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, it is obvi-ous that Ste. Genevieve is an impor-tant part of our Nation’s expansion and agriculture history and merits becom-ing a unit of the National Park. Mr. Speaker, I recommend that all vote for it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2888. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GATEWAY ARCH NATIONAL PARK DESIGNATION ACT Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1438) to redesignate the Jefferson Na-tional Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1438 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park Designation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF GATEWAY ARCH NA-TIONAL PARK. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The Jefferson Na-tional Expansion Memorial established under the Act of May 17, 1954 (16 U.S.C. 450jj et seq.), shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial shall be con-sidered to be a reference to the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-izona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, towering 630 feet above the banks of the Mississippi River, Gateway Arch has, for 50 years, com-memorated both Thomas Jefferson’s vi-sion of expansion and America’s endur-ing spirit of discovery. Clad entirely in stainless steel, the Gateway Arch is the tallest man-made monument in the country and uniquely features two custom trams on either side, which shuttle thousands of guests a year to a viewing deck at the apex. The Gateway Arch National Park Designation Act would redesignate the Jefferson National Expansion Memo-rial in St. Louis, Missouri, as the Gate-way Arch National Park. The park would include not only the Gateway Arch, but a museum and the old St. Louis courthouse, the site of the Dred Scott trial. People from across the country have been visiting the monument and sur-rounding buildings since 1965, when the memorial was established. Passing this bill today would make the Gateway Arch National Park America’s 60th National Park and allow the National Park Service to en-sure that the site would be ready for a planned Fourth of July celebration this very year. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill redesignates the Jefferson National Expansion Me-morial as the Gateway Arch National Park. The Gateway Arch has become syn-onymous with the St. Louis skyline, and this is an important change that gives this national icon an updated and recognizable name. S. 1438 passed the Senate by a voice vote, so with our support today, we will be sending it to the White House for the President to sign. I congratulate the Missouri delega-tion for coming together in a bipar-tisan fashion and working so hard to move this through the legislative proc-ess. The House version of this bill was in-troduced by Representative Lacy Clay. Unfortunately, he was not able to be here this afternoon, but he deserves a hearty congratulations for his work on this initiative. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Mis-souri (Mrs. WAGNER ). Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of S. 1438, the Gateway Arch National Park Designation Act. And I would like to start by thanking Senator B
LUNT  and Congressman C
LAYfor their leader-ship on this issue. Renaming the Gate-way Arch and the area surrounding it will finally make its name consistent with how people from around the world identify it, and our city. We are, in-deed, the gateway to the West. In 1935, the Jefferson National Ex-pansion Memorial was created as a unit of the National Park Service, and, today, it includes a museum, the old St. Louis courthouse and the Gateway Arch National Monument. It was built to honor the role that President Thom-as Jefferson played in opening the American West and the settlers who followed the footsteps of Lewis and Clark and their Corps of Discovery. In addition, it encompasses the old St. Louis courthouse, where Dred Scott filed suit seeking his freedom, fur-thering the fight to ensure that all men are, indeed, created equally. It was also the site where, in 1872, Vir-ginia Minor asserted that women were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.018 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H753 February 5, 2018 
citizens of the United States and, therefore, were entitled to vote. The Gateway Arch itself is the larg-est man-made monument in the United States of America and has been wel-coming visitors to the banks of the Mississippi River since its construction in 1965. When people come to visit the Gate-way Arch National Park, the name will now reflect the Gateway Arch, but it will stand for so much more. Visitors will see how St. Louis embodies its his-tory as the Gateway to the West. Explorers, settlers, civil rights lead-ers, and many more have passed through our city and found promise in what lies ahead. That is the spirit our city embodies, and the name of our na-tional park will now match what is at the heart of our culture. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, in closing, again, I congratulate the Mis-souri delegation for coming together in a bipartisan fashion and working so hard to move this legislation forward. We are going to, by passage of this leg-islation, give this very national icon an updated and recognizable name, as it has always represented, really, when you think about it, the Skyline of St. Louis. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my col-leagues support this great piece of leg-islation, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1645 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, it is obvi-ous that this Gateway National Park has support from everybody. It is that gateway to the West that we are so eu-logizing. I ask all Members to vote for this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1438. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
EXEMPTION OF EXPORTATION OF CERTAIN ECHINODERMS FROM PERMISSION AND LICENSING RE-QUIREMENTS Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2504) to ensure fair treatment in licensing requirements for the export of certain echinoderms. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2504 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXEMPTION OF EXPORTATION OF CERTAIN ECHINODERMS FROM PER-MISSION AND LICENSING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) E XEMPTION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall amend section 14.92 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, to clar-ify that— (1) fish or wildlife described in subsection (b) are fishery products exempt from the ex-port permission requirements of section 9(d)(1) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(d)(1)); and (2) any person may engage in business as an exporter of such fish or wildlife without procuring permission under such section of that Act or an export license under subpart I of part 14 of such title. (b) C
OVERED FISH OR WILDLIFE .—The fish or wildlife referred to in subsection (a) are members of the phylum Echinodermata that are commonly known as sea urchins and sea cucumbers, including products thereof, that— (1) do not require a permit under part 16, 17, or 23 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions; (2) are harvested in waters under the juris-diction of the United States or are processed in the United States; and (3) are— (A) exported for purposes of human or ani-mal consumption; or (B) taken in waters under the jurisdiction of the United States or on the high seas for recreational purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-izona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2504, introduced by my Maine colleagues, C
HELLIE PINGREE  and B
RUCE POLIQUIN , is a bipartisan ef-fort to right a bipartisan wrong. In reg-ulations created by an outgoing George W. Bush administration and carried on by administrations since, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has imposed un-necessary fees and duplicative and costly inspection requirements on what was once a growing industry that aims to export niche seafood to overseas markets. Even the National Marine Fisheries Service, a bastion of Federal regu-latory growth, disagrees with its sister agency on this matter. The stories of spoiled food shipments, loss of jobs, and bureaucratic indifference embody the arrogance of an agency gone wild. This bill preserves and promotes jobs as a counter. I will include in the RECORD an ex-change of letters with Chairman R
OYCE  of the Foreign Affairs Committee, who also received a referral of this bill. I thank him for his cooperation in allow-ing this bill to go forward today. Again, I commend our two Maine col-leagues for working on a bipartisan basis to address this matter. I urge adoption of this commonsense meas-ure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, January 8, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : H.R. 2504, To ensure fair treatment in licensing requirements for the export of certain echinoderms, was intro-duced on May 17, 2017. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, with an additional referral to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I thank you for allowing the Committee on Foreign Affairs to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This dis-charge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future refer-rals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support having the Committee on Foreign Affairs represented on the conference committee. Finally, to memorialize our understanding, I would be pleased to include your letter and this re-sponse in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD when the bill is considered by the House. Thank you for your response and coopera-tion. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, January 3, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, House Committee on Natural Re-sources, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 2504, a bill to ensure fair treat-ment in licensing requirements for the ex-port of certain echinoderms. I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee may be discharged from further action on this bill, subject to the understanding that this waiver does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legisla-tion in the future. The Committee also re-serves the right to seek an appropriate num-ber of conferees to any House-Senate con-ference involving this bill, and would appre-ciate your support for any such request. I ask that you place our exchange of let-ters into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with you as this measure moves through the legis-lative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
IN-
GREE ), the sponsor of this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.021 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH754 February 5, 2018 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Hawaii for the time. I rise today as well in support of H.R. 2504, a bill that will end the practice of duplicative export inspections for sea urchin and sea cucumbers that are being shipped overseas. This is the second time that the House has considered this legislation in recent years. I want to thank Chair-man B
ISHOP ; Subcommittee Chairman L
AMBORN ; Ranking Member G RIJALVA ; and my good friend from California, Ranking Member H
UFFMAN , for their support in bringing this bill again to the floor today. I also want to thank my colleague from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) for being here to speak in favor of this bill today. Also, in the bipartisan effort that we are making here today, I want to rec-ognize and thank my colleague from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ), who well knows the importance of this issue and who has been an original cosponsor of this bill, both in this Congress and the last. I think it is important to explain to the Members who are here today a lit-tle bit about why this bill is important and especially critical to our Nation’s sea urchin industry. As a few Members may know, but most probably don’t, the sea urchin in-dustry in Maine brings in over $5.4 mil-lion to our State every year. It sup-ports 600 jobs, which includes har-vesters of the species. Also, we have businesses in Maine which process the urchins harvested here, as well as those imported from Canada and Chile, be-fore being exported overseas. The need for this bill revolves around ending a duplicative inspection of ex-ported product that is unnecessary and costly. Urchins imported to Maine from other countries to be processed are inspected by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service when they get to the United States. This scrutiny is nec-essary to ensure the integrity of the imported products. However, in recent years, the Fish and Wildlife Service has inspected products once again before leaving the country, usually in New York or New Jersey. This occurs before they are shipped to Asia and Japan, in par-ticular, where they are considered a delicacy. I have spent the past few years work-ing with my colleagues in the Maine delegation to better understand the im-pact of this policy on small businesses in our State and others where the ur-chins are harvested. I believe these extra inspections are unnecessary. There is really no reason why sea ur-chins should be treated differently than shellfish, which have been ex-empted from these export inspections for decades. This process often leads to costly delays and lost product, as urchins may end up sitting in hot warehouses waiting for days. At times, the Fish and Wildlife office closes right when a shipment arrives for inspection. The highly perishable product must then sit there because of bad timing. The Fish and Wildlife Service has worked with my office to try to find so-lutions, and I know they have tried to work with us on particular problems and trouble spots. But the continual delays, despite their best efforts and that of harvesters, means that the only real solution is to get rid of this dupli-cative inspection. Again, that is what this bill will do. This bill is a commonsense solution that will take away an unnecessary in-spection, while ensuring that the Fish and Wildlife Service can continue to do their work and their jobs on other im-portant issues affecting our coast and coastal communities. It will put our sea urchin and sea cu-cumber businesses on equal footing with their partners in the shellfish in-dustry who do not have this extra scru-tiny. It will help the hardworking men and women who harvest and process in this fishery to dedicate their time and efforts to that fishery, not to the bu-reaucracy. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, as we did in the past Con-gress. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to salute C
HELLIE PINGREE , my co-sponsor on this bill, H.R. 2504, for the great work that she has done and that we have done together. Mr. Speaker, I will tell you that the job of government is to help our fami-lies, to help our small businesses, such that the kids and the young adults in Maine can stay in our State, such that they can raise their families and have a wonderful life. The best part of the world is in the State of Maine. Now, Ms. P
INGREE rep-resents the southern part of our coast, Mr. Speaker, the southern half, from Camden down to Kittery. I represent the downeast part of our coast, from Lincolnville up to Eastport. Now, in the downeast part of our coast, mostly we are the folks that dive for the sea urchins and cucumbers. These are little critters that are deli-cacies in the Far East. We might not eat them here in Washington, but they are delicacies in the Far East. And in Chellie’s district, the southern part of the coast, they process these critters. Mr. Speaker, this is very dangerous work. The folks that harvest these sea urchins and cucumbers strap on tanks and go into deep, dark, cold waters off the coast of Maine, and they are doing a great job getting this product to mar-ket. This product is incredibly perishable, so it is very important to get them from the bottom of the sea floor in coastal Maine onto their boats, down to Portland where they are processed in Ms. P
INGREE ’s district, and then onto a truck, down to JFK, get them on a plane, and get them to the Far East and sell as many of these critters as is humanly possible. This is where the problem comes in. As Ms. PINGREE said, we already in-spect this perishable delicacy in Maine. We do not need, Mr. Speaker, a second set of regulations that inspect them down in New York. And God forbid that it is on a holiday and folks don’t show up to inspect them. What happens to this very perishable product? It sits in a warehouse on a tarmac where it is exposed to things that would cause them to go bad. So we need to do commonsense Maine stuff here, which is to eliminate over-regulation. We already inspect this product in Maine. We don’t need to do it again down on a tarmac in New York. Mr. Speaker, I encourage everybody, Republicans and Democrats, to work the way C
HELLIE and I have on this, in a bipartisan manner, to make sure our families in Maine have an opportunity to dive for sea cucumbers and sea ur-chins and get them to market as quick-ly as possible. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for giving me the time to speak on this; I thank Ms. P
INGREE for the same. I really appreciate leadership moving this through the floor here. I hope we have a very big, bipartisan, unanimous vote on this, because it is common-sense Maine. It is the right thing to do. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. P
INGREE . I appreciate her work on this. Congratu-lations. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I can make this even more real for people. Hawaii, as you know, my home State, is very close to Asia. We have many of the cuisines of Asia, and I can tell you that these are delicacies. Sea urchins are also called uni, for those who frequent sushi bars, and sea cucumbers are called namako. I grew up eating both, and they are very critical and a major part of what we consume, especially, not only in the sushi bars, but during festive holidays in Hawaii. So you can imagine what it means in terms of an export industry for Maine, not only to my home State, but also to the Asian market. For that reason, Mr. Speaker, I join the introducers of this bill, the spon-sors, and I ask that my colleagues sup-port this. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I, too, want to compliment the two Representatives from Maine. They gave us a hands-on and a palate-trying type of opportunity in our hearing. It doesn’t get better than that, and I want to compliment them for both. I ask all of my colleagues to vote for the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2504. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.025 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H755 February 5, 2018 
The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1700 HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow for morning- hour debate and 10 a.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. 
f 
UNITED STATES-JORDAN DEFENSE COOPERATION EXTENSION ACT Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2646) to reauthorize the United States-Jordan Defense Coopera-tion Act of 2015, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2646 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Exten-sion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) In December 2011, Congress passed sec-tion 7041(b) of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74; 125 Stat. 1223), which appropriated funds made avail-able under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ to establish an enterprise fund for Jordan. (2) The intent of an enterprise fund is to attract private investment to help entre-preneurs and small businesses create jobs and to achieve sustainable economic devel-opment. (3) Jordan is an instrumental partner in the fight against terrorism, including as a member of the Global Coalition To Counter ISIS and the Combined Joint Task Force – Operation Inherent Resolve. (4) In 2014, His Majesty King Abdullah stat-ed that ‘‘Jordanians and Americans have been standing shoulder to shoulder against extremism for many years, but to a new level with this coalition against ISIL’’. (5) On February 3, 2015, the United States signed a three-year memorandum of under-standing with Jordan, pledging to provide the kingdom with $1,000,000,000 annually in United States foreign assistance, subject to the approval of Congress. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) Jordan plays a critical role in respond-ing to the overwhelming humanitarian needs created by the conflict in Syria; (2) Jordan, the United States, and other partners should continue working together to address this humanitarian crisis and pro-mote regional stability, including through support for refugees in Jordan and internally displaced people along the Jordan-Syria bor-der and the creation of conditions inside Syria that will allow for the secure, dig-nified, and voluntary return of people dis-placed by the crisis; and (3) the Governments of the United States and Jordan should negotiate a new Memo-randum of Understanding, for fiscal years 2018 through 2022, to significantly enhance Jordan’s military capacity and local econ-omy. SEC. 4. REAUTHORIZATION OF UNITED STATES- JORDAN DEFENSE COOPERATION ACT OF 2015. 
Section 5(a) of the United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015 (22 U.S.C. 2753 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘During the 3-year period’’ and inserting ‘‘During the period’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and ending on December 31, 2022’’ after ‘‘enactment of this Act’’. 
SEC. 5. ESTABLISHMENT OF ENTERPRISE FUND FOR JORDAN. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF JORDAN ENTERPRISE  F
UND.—The President is authorized to estab-lish and operate an enterprise fund to pro-vide assistance to Jordan. (b) P
ROCEDURES AND REQUIREMENTS .—The provisions contained in section 201 of the Support for East European Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 (22 U.S.C. 5421), excluding the provisions of subsections (a), (b), (c), (d)(3), (f), and (j) of that section, shall be deemed to apply with respect to the Jordan Enterprise Fund and to funds made available to the enterprise fund in the same manner and to the same extent as such provisions apply with respect to enterprise funds estab-lished pursuant to such section or to funds made available to such established enter-prise funds. (c) O
PERATION OF FUND.— (1) E
XPENDITURES .—Funds made available to the Jordan Enterprise Fund shall be ex-pended at the minimum rate necessary to make timely payments for projects and ac-tivities. (2) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Not more than 3 percent of the funds made available to the Jordan Enterprise Fund may be obli-gated or expended for the administrative ex-penses of the enterprise fund. (d) B
OARD OF DIRECTORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Jordan Enterprise Fund shall be governed by a Board of Direc-tors comprised of private citizens of the United States or Jordan, who— (A) shall be appointed by the President, in consultation with the chair and ranking member of each of the appropriate congres-sional committees; and (B) have pursued international business ca-reers and have demonstrated expertise in international and emerging market invest-ment activities. (2) M
AJORITY MEMBER REQUIREMENT .—The majority of the members of the Board of Di-rectors shall be United States citizens. (e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the Jordan Enter-prise Fund terminates in accordance with subsection (g), the Board of Directors shall— (1) submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report detailing the adminis-trative expenses of the enterprise fund; and (2) publish, on an Internet website adminis-tered by the enterprise fund, each report sub-mitted pursuant to subsection (b) in accord-ance with section 201(p) of the Support for East European Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 (22 U.S.C. 5421(p)). (f) L
IQUIDATION .—Any funds resulting from any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Jordan Enterprise Fund, in whole or in part, shall be returned to the Treasury. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The authority of the Jordan Enterprise Fund to provide assist-ance shall terminate on the earlier of— (1) the date that is 7 years after the date of the first expenditure of amounts in accord-ance with subsection (c)(1); or (2) the date on which the enterprise fund is liquidated in accordance with subsection (f). (h) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their support for this meas-ure and for their leadership in helping to bring H.R. 2646, the United States- Jordan Defense Cooperation Extension Act, to the floor today. I also want to thank my friends and colleagues Nita Lowey, Ted Deutch, Hal Rogers, and Adam Schiff for join-ing me in introducing this bill. This is a strong bipartisan bill that underscores the importance of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan in help-ing both of our nations work toward achieving shared goals of security and stability in the Middle East. It acknowledges what we have all known for many years, and that is that His Majesty and the kingdom are indis-pensable allies in the fight against radicalism and terror in the region. Jordan and its military have played important roles in many of our counter-ISIS operations, and in many ways our relationship with Jordan has served as a force multiplier and has al-lowed the coalition to make all the positive gains that we have made over the past year or so. But that would have not been pos-sible without a robust foreign military financing—FMF—program that we have in place with our allies in Jordan. That is why in 2015, Mr. Speaker, I in-troduced and the President signed in 2016 the United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Act. This bill authorized the administra-tion to enter into a memorandum of understanding—MOU—with Jordan. Why? To increase our military cooperation with Jordan and to provide the king-dom with increased FMF assistance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.027 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH756 February 5, 2018 
It also allowed Jordan to be included in a list of close and trusted allies that are eligible for streamlined and expe-dited defense sales. Why is that important? Because Jordan is on the front lines in the fight against terror and we rely heavily on Jordan’s cooperation. That bill also authorized the admin-istration to increase our economic sup-port for the kingdom. We recognize the great contributions that Jordan has made in response to the Syrian refugee crisis. Since the Assad regime began its campaign of destruction, murdering over half a million people in the proc-ess, millions of Syrians have fled their war-torn nation. Hundreds of thou-sands, if not over a million, Syrians have crossed over the border into Jor-dan seeking refuge from the fighting. For a country of just a few million in population, an influx of this magnitude would strain the government’s already limited resources. Yet, Jordan recognized the need to provide refuge to those fleeing the murderous Assad regime and its cro-nies; the Putin regime; and Iran and its proxy, the terror group Hezbollah. We, in return, recognized the strategic im-portance of Jordan’s security and sta-bility. That is why we must ensure that the kingdom does indeed have the resources that it needs, both in the fight against terror but also in support of the larger refugee population. That memorandum of understanding was signed 3 years ago this week, and it ran through fiscal year 2017. Unfortu-nately, Mr. Speaker, Jordan’s current and future security and stability are far from guaranteed. Most of the refu-gees remain, and despite having made great progress in defeating ISIS, the terror threat is far from being elimi-nated. That is why I authored this bill be-fore us today, along with this biparti-sanship coalition of colleagues, to ex-tend the provisions of the original United States-Jordan Defense Coopera-tion Act for another 5-year period through 2022. We need to enhance Jordan’s mili-tary capacity and its local economy significantly, and it is my hope that our two governments will soon enter into a renewed memorandum of under-standing—MOU—at an increased level that meets the needs of the kingdom. In addition to extending the provi-sions of the Defense Cooperation Act, this bill provides for the establishment of a Jordanian Enterprise Fund. An en-terprise fund would attract private in-vestment and help entrepreneurs and small businesses create jobs in a way that would foster sustainable economic development in Jordan for the long term and in a self-sustaining fashion. Mr. Speaker, Jordan’s security and Jordan’s stability, they are both vital not just for our ally, but they are vital for the region and for our own national security interests. It is vital that we send a strong bipartisanship message of support. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OYCE ), our esteemed chair-man, and I ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I thank my col-league from the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, Congresswoman R
OS-LEHTINEN ; as well as my colleague, the ranking member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, Ted Deutch, for their work on this important piece of legislation. The United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Extension Act would en-sure Jordan’s continued eligibility for a more streamlined process for access-ing defense articles, acknowledging the very difficult challenges that Jordan faces from extremist organizations both within Jordan and on its borders. The legislation supports a new memorandum of understanding to en-hance Jordan’s military capacity and economic growth, and it authorizes an enterprise fund that would invest in Jordan’s economy. I am glad that this bill reflects our comprehensive relationship with Amman, which is so vital at this point in history in the region. b1715 The legislation acknowledges the key role Jordan plays as a partner against ISIS, or Daesh, and as a home to thou-sands of Iraqi, Syrian, and Palestinian refugees. I would like to note the important work that Jordan does in facilitating cross-border assistance to Syria, pre-venting further destabilization. Jordan also plays a critical role in the Israeli- Palestinian peace process, and I hope that Jordan and Israel are able to soon return to the normal level of diplo-matic cooperation. The bottom line is this: it is in our national security interest to work with Jordan on the security threats facing the region, as well as opportunities for economic growth within Jordan. This bill will help advance both of those goals. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We are here, really, to reaffirm a very important commitment that we have to one of our closest partners in the Middle East, and that is Jordan. I think all of us agree that, over the gen-erations, it has been astounding the way Jordan has always offered safe haven and refuge through the genera-tions to others. This bill gives us an opportunity to continue that close working relation-ship that we have with Jordan because, as we know, Jordan is locked—has been locked—in a struggle with ISIS, or Daesh, as they call it in that part of the world. They have been involved on the battlefield, and this bill addresses both the military and economic ele-ments of the close relationship we have with Jordan. As they valiantly fight ISIS, Jor-danians have struggled to absorb, most recently, more than 1 million Syrian refugees; and they are doing this, obvi-ously, while coping with a tough econ-omy, with an overburdened infrastruc-ture, and with high unemployment for their youth. I have been to some of the schools in Jordan to see the Jordanians as they once again reach out a hand of friendship to help those who are in this predicament. Although Jordan has successfully worked with the Millennium Challenge Corporation and the World Bank to ad-dress some of the economic challenges, it really has not been enough to create the level of vital economic growth needed in the circumstances that Jor-dan is in. Economic opportunity and prosperity in Jordan are one element of our bul-wark against extremist groups, against the Iranian regime, the IRGC, who seek to spread chaos and destruction, and as ISIS seeks to spread death. In addition to supporting existing ef-forts, including regional water and en-ergy projects that bring needed re-sources and will bring increased co-operation between neighbors, this bill calls for the establishment of an enter-prise fund for Jordan. This is a meas-ure previously authorized, previously funded by this body, and this fund will help create economic opportunity through private-public partnership, through investments in small and me-dium enterprises, and it will also cre-ate market development in Jordan. Although not a familiar measure to many, enterprise funds have already been very successful in Tunisia, and we have seen that. We have seen that suc-cess. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our col-leagues for their support for this meas-ure for our ally and friend, Jordan, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am going to go ahead and close now and just reiterate what I said earlier. This is such important leg-islation and really achieves both goals on the security front as well as the eco-nomic front. Mr. Speaker, I urge its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I would like to thank my colleagues. I would like to thank the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. E
NGEL , but I would also like to thank Mr. Eagle over there, B
RENDAN BOYLE , and I would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.029 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H757 February 5, 2018 
like to thank I LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN as well. Jordan, of course, is a key partner in our struggle against ISIS and against the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps and other destabilizing actors in the Middle East. This bill supports our joint efforts on the battlefield and will help Jordan achieve much-needed eco-nomic growth. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill and, once again, ex-tend the arm of friendship to our clos-est partner, Jordan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent that the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) be al-lowed to reclaim his unused time, and I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair-man. We have one of the two main spon-sors for the bill who has just joined us and wants the opportunity to speak. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ). Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Pennsylvania, and I greatly appreciate the chairman for his unanimous consent request. I want to thank Chairman R
OS- L
EHTINEN for her tremendous leader-ship in helping advance H.R. 2646, the United States Jordan Defense Coopera-tion Extension Act. This bill is impor-tant because our partnership with Jor-dan is important, and I want to quickly explain why my constituents back home believe that this is important. Those good-news headlines that we have read about, U.S. military success against ISIS, are, in part, thanks to Jordan. Jordan is a key partner in the international coalition to defeat ISIS and has fought airstrikes right along-side us. Just last week, the U.S. fin-ished delivery of Black Hawk heli-copters to Amman that are used to take terrorists off the battlefield, help-ing to keep both our nations safer. The bill before us today ensures that Jordan continues to get this critical military assistance, but it does more than that. It also ensures that Jordan gets the economic support it needs to care for over 1 million Syrian refugees now living in Jordan as a result of the war next door. This influx has taken a huge toll on Jordan’s resources. Today, we are helping ease that bur-den with emergency services, edu-cation, and access to clean water. In fact, Chairman R
OS-LEHTINEN and I had an opportunity just a few years ago to see firsthand a USAID project: a waste-water treatment facility that, today, is providing access to clean water for mil-lions of Jordanians. This is the right thing to do both for America’s strategic interests and for American values. Jordan’s stability is vital to regional stability. Our com-mitment to an enduring strategic part-nership with Jordan is critical to our mission of defeating ISIS, caring for the victims of war, and pursuing end- of-conflict agreements throughout the Middle East. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank my colleagues for their bipartisan sup-port of this piece of legislation, and I urge all of us to vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 2646. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2646, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
UKRAINE CYBERSECURITY COOPERATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1997) to encourage United States-Ukraine cybersecurity cooperation and require a report re-garding such cooperation, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1997 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ukraine Cy-bersecurity Cooperation Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The United States established diplo-matic relations with Ukraine in 1992, fol-lowing Ukraine’s independence from the So-viet Union. (2) The United States attaches great im-portance to the success of Ukraine’s transi-tion to a modern democratic country with a flourishing market economy. (3) In an effort to undermine democracy in Ukraine, hackers targeted the country’s vot-ing infrastructure just days before its 2014 presidential election. (4) In December 2015, a malicious cyber in-trusion into Ukrainian electric utility com-panies resulted in widespread power outages. (5) As a result of the December 2015 cyber incident, the United States sent an inter-agency team to Ukraine, including rep-resentatives from the Department of Energy, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the North American Electric Reliability Cor-poration, to help with the investigation and to assess the vulnerability of Ukraine’s in-frastructure to cyber intrusion. The visit was followed up by another interagency dele-gation to Ukraine in March 2016 and a May 2016 United States-Ukrainian tabletop exer-cise on mitigating attacks against Ukraine’s infrastructure. (6) In response to an escalating series of cyber attacks on the country’s critical infra-structure – including its national railway system, its major stock exchanges, and its busiest airport – President Petro Poroshenko declared that ‘‘Cyberspace has turned into another battlefield for state independence.’’. (7) In May 2017, Ukraine cited activities on Russian social media platforms, including pro-Russian propaganda and offensive cyber operations, as threats to Ukrainian national security. (8) Following the June 2017 Petya malware event – a global cyber incident that pri-marily affected Ukraine – the Secretary Gen-eral of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (NATO) said ‘‘the cyber attacks we have seen. . . very much highlight the importance of the support, the help NATO provides . . . gives . . . or provides to Ukraine to strength-en its cyber defenses, technical and other kinds of support. We will continue to do that and it’s an important part of our cooperation with Ukraine.’’. (9) In September 2017, the United States and Ukraine conducted the first United States-Ukraine Bilateral Cyber Dialogue in Kyiv, during which both sides affirmed their commitment to an internet that is open, interoperable, reliable, and secure, and the United States announced $5 million in new cyber assistance to strengthen Ukraine’s ability to prevent, mitigate, and respond to cyber attacks. SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to— (1) reaffirm the United States-Ukraine Charter on Strategic Partnership, which highlights the importance of the bilateral re-lationship and outlines enhanced coopera-tion in the areas of defense, security, eco-nomics and trade, energy security, democ-racy, and cultural exchanges; (2) support continued cooperation between NATO and Ukraine; (3) support Ukraine’s political and eco-nomic reforms; (4) reaffirm the commitment of the United States to the Budapest Memorandum on Se-curity Assurances; (5) assist Ukraine’s efforts to enhance its cybersecurity capabilities; and (6) improve Ukraine’s ability to respond to Russian-supported disinformation and propa-ganda efforts in cyberspace, including through social media and other outlets. 
SEC. 4. UNITED STATES CYBERSECURITY CO-OPERATION WITH UKRAINE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State should take the following actions, commensurate with United States interests, to assist Ukraine to improve its cybersecurity: (1) Provide Ukraine such support as may be necessary to secure government computer networks from malicious cyber intrusions, particularly such networks that defend the critical infrastructure of Ukraine. (2) Provide Ukraine support in reducing re-liance on Russian information and commu-nications technology. (3) Assist Ukraine to build its capacity, ex-pand cybersecurity information sharing, and cooperate on international cyberspace ef-forts. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate a report on United States cybersecurity cooperation with Ukraine. Such report shall also include information relating to the following: (1) United States efforts to strengthen Ukraine’s ability to prevent, mitigate, and respond to cyber incidents, including through training, education, technical as-sistance, capacity building, and cybersecu-rity risk management strategies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.031 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH758 February 5, 2018 
(2) The potential for new areas of collabo-ration and mutual assistance between the United States and Ukraine in addressing shared cyber challenges, including cybercrime, critical infrastructure protec-tion, and resilience against botnets and other automated, distributed threats. (3) NATO’s efforts to help Ukraine develop technical capabilities to counter cyber threats. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks, and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we are here to talk about Ukraine and the U.S.-Ukraine cyber cooperation. Ukraine, of course, is on the front lines of digital combat as we have learned. Few countries have endured as great a level of cyber inva-sion and aggression as has Ukraine at the hands of Russia and at the hands of other malicious actors as well. I led a delegation of four Democrats and four Republicans into the east, into Dnipropetrovsk in the Donbass re-gion, and we had an opportunity to hear about what is being done to try to tear that country apart. This is in addition to the invasion in the east, the occupation of the east. This is the farthest east one can go in Ukraine today, and you can see the struggle that everyday people are hav-ing with the disinformation campaign launched against them relentlessly. As President Poroshenko said, ‘‘Cyber-space has turned into another battle-field for state independence,’’ and that is so true for Ukraine. Their struggle to defend their inde-pendence and their territorial integrity from Russian aggression extends far beyond the armed conflict of the occu-pation of its territory. In 2014, hackers targeted Ukraine’s electoral infra-structure just days before its presi-dential election. The following year, a malicious cyber intrusion shut down the country’s electric grid, turning off the lights and turning off the heat in the dead of winter. Ukraine’s critical infrastructure, in-cluding its national railway system, its major stock exchanges, and its busiest airport, have been repeatedly targeted by sophisticated cyber attacks. Most of these continuing assaults have been identified by experts as Rus-sian in origin. By working with the government in Kiev, we can better pre-pare ourselves as well as our friends in partner countries against similar ag-gression, including combating Russian disinformation efforts that rely heavily on disseminating propaganda. That propaganda poses as legitimate news. So this bill will enhance our coopera-tion with Ukraine in addressing shared cyber challenges, including cybercrime and the protection of critical infra-structure. Modern society requires an internet worldwide that is open, that is reliable, that is secure, which can only be en-sured if all those who seek to preserve it join forces to defeat those who wish to destroy it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for bringing up my bipartisan bill, and I especially want to thank the chair-man of our committee, Mr. R
OYCE of California, for his action and moving on our bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I believe cybersecurity is the national security challenge of our time. Cyber warfare is inexpensive to carry out and easy for adversaries to hide behind, making it especially dam-aging, difficult to detect, and impos-sible for the victim to quickly respond. In January, the CIA attributed to Russian military hackers a cyber at-tack that crippled computers in Ukraine last year. This attack wiped data from the computers of banks, en-ergy firms, senior government officials, and an airport. The virus went on to af-fect computer systems in Denmark, India, and even here in the United States. For years, Putin has been using Ukraine as a field test for these cyber attacks. Ukraine, after all, is on the front line for these nation self-directed cyber attacks, and they are potential harbingers of attacks on the United States. By assisting Ukraine, we can learn best practices to best defend ourselves. For these reasons, I introduced H.R. 1997 with my Republican colleague from Pennsylvania, Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick, which encourages coopera-tion between the United States and our ally Ukraine on matters of cybersecu-rity and requires a report from the State Department on best practices to protect ourselves—to the benefit of both nations. b1730 In Ukraine, it is no coincidence that cyber attacks against itself increased when the Ukrainian people self-orga-nized to demand an open and demo-cratic society in 2014 contrary to Putin’s interests. Days before the 2014 Presidential election, hackers infiltrated Ukraine’s Central Election Commission with a series of attacks that disabled the website in an attempt to sow distrust in the outcome of the election of Presi-dent Poroshenko. In December of 2015, hackers re-motely shut down power at three re-gional electricity distribution compa-nies, creating a power outage affecting more than 200,000 people. We can only imagine what it must feel like to lose electricity and heat during the winter in Ukraine. Cyber attacks, unfortunately, have only continued since. Ukraine’s next Presidential election is just next year. Our own elections are right around the corner later this year, and, of course, the Presidential election is in 2020. Both the United States and Ukraine have clear interests in strengthening our cyber defenses. Moreover, our co-operation toward this goal will send a strong and important signal of Western support for Ukraine at a time when it is literally fighting to protect its own democracy. We must stand strong with the peo-ple of Ukraine and our NATO allies and come together in furtherance of our cy-bersecurity defenses. This bill is a rea-sonable first step to do just that, and it is obviously very timely. I thank Chairman R
OYCE again, as well as Ranking Member E
NGEL for their hard work and support for this bill, and I urge all of my colleagues to support it. It is time we address this vital issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), who is an esteemed member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. And be-sides Brendan Boyle here, he is another big Philly Eagles fan. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman so much for all the work he does on the committee and for bringing the bill to the floor. I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) for all of his work on this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my full support for H.R. 1997, the U.S.- Ukraine Cybersecurity Cooperation Act. During my career as an FBI agent, I was assigned to the U.S. Embassy in Kiev, Ukraine, where I worked closely with our Ukrainian counterparts on a whole host of issues to include cyberse-curity. Mr. Speaker, one thing is clear: we must strengthen our relationship with Ukraine wherever possible and by whatever means possible. They have acted as a steadfast ally to the United States against a hostile Russia. Further, there should be no doubt that cybersecurity and cyber warfare are the rising threats of our time. We have seen plenty of occasions where bad actors—state-sponsored or other-wise—have executed cyber attacks against private companies, government entities, and the very institutions upon which our Nation was founded. These attacks will only continue to increase both in sophistication and frequency as we continue into the 21st century. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.015 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H759 February 5, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues, Democratic and Republican alike, to support this crucial and nec-essary piece of legislation both for the United States and Ukraine, and for all our allies. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), who is someone who grew up a strong Philadelphia sports fan. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from the Philadelphia area who has introduced this important piece of legislation with Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , another fine Representa-tive from the Philadelphia sports-lov-ing area, which gives me the oppor-tunity on the House floor to claim my Pennsylvania roots and to congratu-late the Philadelphia Eagles. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the U.S.-Ukraine Cybersecurity Coopera-tion Act introduced by Mr. B
OYLE and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . I thank Chairman R
OYCE for his ongoing leadership on this issue. The director of the CIA, Mike Pompeo, said last week that he has every expectation that Russia will again try to meddle in our elections. That should concern us. It should also concern us that the President has de-cided to ignore Congress and not im-pose sanctions against Russia. But Russia’s attacks on the United States follow a playbook that they have used in their own region, most re-cently against Ukraine. In addition to rampant disinformation campaigns and political interference, Russia has launched nu-merous cyber attacks against Ukraine, including knocking out large swaths of its electrical grid in massive attacks. Those capabilities could one day be used against us here at home. That is why the U.S.-Ukraine Cyber-security Cooperation Act is so impor-tant. The United States has an interest both in defending Ukraine from Rus-sian aggression and in securing our own defenses. Helping Ukraine actually teaches us best practices for hardening our own defenses against potential Russian attacks on our critical infra-structure. That is why I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1997, the U.S.-Ukraine Cy-bersecurity Cooperation Act. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Let me say one thing that strikes me and saddens me. When I hold townhalls or meetings with constituent groups, usually some variation of this com-ment will be made: Why don’t you guys get along? Why don’t you do some-thing? Actually, I then tell them about our work on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. I tell them that, under the leadership of Ed Royce and Eliot Engel as well as the other members of the committee from both sides of the aisle, a lot of work does get done and a real spirit of cooperation prevails in our committee meetings. I think that this piece of legislation is an example of that. This is an important issue. We are standing up for Ukraine, but as I men-tioned earlier, we are also doing what is clearly in the best interests of the United States. Mr. Speaker, at the risk of sounding immodest, I urge passage of my legisla-tion, legislation that I have worked on very hard with BRIAN FITZPATRICK . Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to also recognize and thank my col-leagues, especially Mr. B
OYLE and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , one Democratic and one Republican, both from Philadelphia, the sponsors of this bipartisan legisla-tion. I want to thank Mr. B
OYLE for his work on this important bill because I think the threat to Ukraine and cyber-space is not isolated. It shouldn’t be ig-nored. I think that when we talk to the researchers, they have warned that the attacks on Ukraine by state and by nonstate actors might be a test run for even larger additional attacks in the future on the United States and on our NATO allies. While we must bolster our own capa-bilities, we should also cooperate with our friends and partners such as Ukraine because we have got to be sharing best practices; we have got to improve joint capabilities; and we have got to provide that mutual assistance to prevent, mitigate, and respond to those international cyber attacks. This legislation is going to enhance that effort. And in so doing, it is going to strengthen our ability to protect our own country from those who seek to do us harm. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bipartisan Ukraine Cybersecu-rity Cooperation Act of 2017. Let me first thank the hard work of Representative B
RIAN F
ITZPATRICK , fellow Ukraine Caucus chair and Representative B
RENDAN BOYLE , as well as Chairman E
DROYCE and the Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL for their support. As we know all too well, Russian aggression towards Ukraine is not a new threat. Russia’s hostile behavior continues to threaten Ukraine’s freedom and destabilize its critical infrastructure and institutions. Since Russia’s illegal annexation of Crimea in 2014, over 10,000 people have been killed and two mil-lion people have been uprooted, internally dis-placed. Ukraine finds herself on the front lines of hybrid war and an assault on her sov-ereignty—this time in the form of cyber war-fare. We as Americans have also been attacked by this insidious form of hybrid warfare. It is our duty to help other nations resist threat to liberty. To this day, the fallout of Russian inter-ference in our sacred electoral process con-tinues to plague our political landscape. At least 21 states, including Ohio, reported Rus-sian hacking attempts in the 2016 election. Experts in the intelligence and defense com-munities have all warned that this threat is not going away. In fact, cybersecurity threats test-ed in Ukraine will likely be turned on the U.S. in elections this year. By supporting this bill, we provide Ukraine with critical upgraded safeguards she needs to protect herself, her institutions, and her liberty. Upgrading Ukraine’s current technological in-frastructure grants her freedom from Russian technology. It gives her the ability to share sensitive information on an international level. And, we will strengthen our own cybersecurity through lessons learned from increased co-operation with Ukraine. Ukraine and her people have every right to sovereignty and self-determination as they seek a more democratic future. It is para-mount that the United States uphold our long-standing commitments to our allies, as hybrid threats loom. This measure will provide the citizens of Ukraine with the support they need to defend themselves. That’s why I strongly support this measure, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1997—the Ukraine Cybersecu-rity Cooperation Act—offered by our Foreign Affairs Committee colleague from Pennsyl-vania, BRENDEN BOYLE . This bill focuses on how the U.S. and Ukraine can work together to address cyber threats and how the U.S. can help improve Ukraine’s domestic cybersecurity capabilities. But it also serves as a reminder to this body, and especially to this administration, that we need to work to improve our own cy-bersecurity defenses and we need to hold those who target us accountable. Mr. Speaker, the events in Ukraine that spurred the necessity for Mr. B
OYLE ’s bill were a harbinger of things to come for the United States. Ahead of the 2014 Presidential elections in Ukraine, Russian or pro-Russian elements hacked into Ukraine’s Central Election Com-mission in a series of attacks in an attempt to undermine the results and stir up unrest throughout the country. Then in December 2015, Putin-backed hackers attacked Ukraine’s infrastructure, compromising three energy distribution com-panies, leaving nearly a quarter of a million people without electricity for several hours. Imagine being without electricity during this period, when the daily average high tempera-ture in Ukraine in December is below freezing. Those were not the last of the attacks against Ukraine orchestrated by Putin. But they were, perhaps, practice runs for what Putin had planned for the U.S. and oth-ers. Because true to form, Putin then targeted the U.S. electoral system in 2016 the same way he targeted Ukraine’s in 2014. This is not in dispute—yet for whatever rea-son, we were ill prepared to prevent it, and the administration has been deficient in our re-sponse to hold this meddling accountable. So while I fully support this measure and I urge my colleagues to do the same, I also urge my colleagues and the administration to take action against the totality of Russia’s illicit activity aimed at us and our like-minded allies. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.035 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH760 February 5, 2018 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1997, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
WAR CRIMES REWARDS EXPANSION ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3851) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to provide for rewards for the arrest or conviction of certain for-eign nationals who have committed genocide or war crimes, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3851 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘War Crimes Rewards Expansion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF STATE REWARDS PRO-GRAM. 
Paragraph (10) of section 36(b) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘de-fined under the statute of such tribunal.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘defined— ‘‘(A) under the statute of such country or tribunal, as the case may be; or ‘‘(B) under United States law;’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD  on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me just start by thanking the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) who is very en-gaged on this issue; and my ranking member on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee as well, E
LIOT ENGEL . They in-troduced this bill together. For the last 33 years, the Department of State War Crimes Rewards Program has authorized the Secretary of State to offer rewards for the arrest or the conviction of certain dangerous indi-viduals. Originally drafted to be used against international terrorists, this successful program has been expanded over the years to include the use against others who threaten our safety and our security. So this now includes drug traffickers, war criminals, and perpetrators of genocide, some of those efforts I had authored years ago. But in 2012, we expanded it further to transnational organized crime. At that time, my subcommittee held a hearing where the State Department testified that one captured target, a narco ter-rorist, told DEA agents that he could no longer trust anyone in his organiza-tion after a reward was offered on his head. What he said was: I felt like a hunted man. Exactly. That is the rationale behind that program, and that is why we ex-panded it then with my legislation and why we expand it today with the legis-lation of VIRGINIA FOXX and E LIOT E
NGEL , because our goal here is to turn the table on these dangerous criminals and help ensure that they have no safe haven from justice. The bill before us today clarifies these authorities. The current statute authorized rewards for the arrest or conviction of foreign nationals for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide. Many people often think of those things in connection with inter-national tribunals. But the U.S. also has domestic statutes on the books that criminalize war crimes and crim-inalize genocide. This bill makes clear that the State Department’s rewards can be used in connection with the prosecution of foreign nationals in U.S. courts for those crimes, as well to make sure that inducement is there. Tragically, these authorities con-tinue to be necessary and we know con-tinue to be important. We live in a world where crimes against humanity are perpetrated. We have seen two de-clared genocides in as many decades. One in Darfur in 2004. I remember see-ing firsthand a young boy who had his hand amputated by the Janjaweed and by ISIS in 2016. Any of us can pick up our iPhone and see the results of that kind of terror. We also see tragic eth-nic cleansing against the Rohingya right now in Burma. So I again want to thank Congress-woman F
OXX and Mr. E NGEL for their work on the bill. It deserves our sup-port. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. I would like to recognize Congress-woman V
IRGINIA FOXX and Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL , along with Con-gressmen RANDY HULTGREN and J AMES  M
CGOVERN , for their work on this bi-partisan piece of legislation. The War Crimes Rewards Expansion Act would clarify the War Crimes Re-wards Program. This program is an im-portant tool for bringing to justice the perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide. Under current law, the United States uses the program to pay rewards for the arrest or conviction of foreign na-tionals who commit some of the most heinous acts. In the past, bounties have helped find fugitives from the former Yugoslavia to Rwanda. The statute providing authorization for this program specifies that rewards can be paid to individuals who furnish information leading to arrests or con-victions for war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide, as those terms are defined under the statutes of inter-national tribunals. H.R. 3851 clarifies that the Secretary of State can also choose to pay rewards for arrests and convictions that take place under the laws of the United States as well as other individual coun-tries. b1745 Under certain circumstances, pros-ecutions will have the greatest impact when they take place in domestic courts within the societies in which those crimes occur. Doing so can help ensure the parties understand the law, witnesses have access to the trials, and public awareness is maximized. The clarification provided in this bill will help build on the program’s success, providing the State Department with clear authority to use rewards for a wide range of prosecutions, when ap-propriate. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of bipar-tisan legislation, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as she may con-sume to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), chairwoman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce and the author of this bill. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE very much for his help on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I am here to speak in support of the War Crimes Rewards Ex-pansion Act, introduced by my good friend E
LIOT ENGEL and me. It is an-other excellent example today of bipar-tisanship here in the House. As Chairman R
OYCE said, this bill ex-pands and reforms the War Crimes Re-wards Program, which provides boun-ties for perpetrators of the world’s worst human rights abusers. The current program authorizes these rewards only for the purposes of prosecutions in international tribu-nals. While experts can attest to the necessity of international tribunals or mixed court tribunals in limited cir-cumstances, the program fails to offer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.037 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H761 February 5, 2018 
the same advantages and incentives to prosecutions in national jurisdictions using national courts. There is already broad consensus that prosecuting perpetrators of atroc-ities like the genocide that plagues re-ligious minorities at the hands of ISIS has the greatest impact when the pros-ecutions are conducted within the soci-ety in which the crimes occurred. When governments can keep these prosecutions within national jurisdic-tions, witnesses have easier access to courts, public awareness of these bru-tal atrocities is maximized, and parties will more likely understand domestic laws. Furthermore, domestic trials are often cheaper, quicker, and less re-source intensive, meaning more re-sources can be devoted to items like discovery and analysis. Congress has already attested to the threat that these crimes posed to U.S. interests, including the heavy price tag in the forms of regional instability, ref-ugee flows, economic losses, and recon-struction costs. A related program, the Rewards for Justice Program, authorizes similar bounties for terrorists wanted by the United States for violations of United States law, most famously, the one that was placed upon Osama bin Ladin. The bounties have led to the disruption of terrorist activities, but also to the prosecution of terrorists like Ramzi Yousef, who was convicted in the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center. Our bill would bring the War Crimes Rewards Program into conformity with that standard by explicitly listing vio-lations of U.S. law as a basis for issuing the reward, not just the convic-tion by an international tribunal. It would also allow the U.S. to work with our allies to issue joint rewards, an-other provision in the terrorism au-thorization that the human rights pro-vision lacks. This bill will leave important safe-guards already incorporated into the current program in place. These safe-guards include the ineligibility of gov-ernment officials, consultation with the Attorney General, and congres-sional notification of the awards. Finally, Mr. Speaker, national gov-ernments are sovereign, and the U.S. Government shouldn’t be neglecting their proper role by offering this tool solely to tribunals. Currently, there are efforts to encourage the prosecu-tion of ISIS perpetrators of rape and genocide against Yazidis in national courts using domestic laws that pro-vide for such prosecutions. This bill would make it clear that the U.S. Gov-ernment should also be encouraging such efforts. The genocide by ISIS fighters in the Middle East; war crimes perpetrated by Syria’s brutal dictator, Bashar al- Assad; and the North Korean regime’s crimes against its own people must all be opposed by the United States. It is my hope that the passage of this bill will send the signal that these brutal atrocities and the cowards who per-petrate them will be hunted down and punished with all means possible. I thank my good friend and ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, E
LIOT ENGEL , for his role as the lead Democrat cosponsor of this bipar-tisan legislation. Again, I thank Chair-man R
OYCE for bringing this to the floor. Lastly, I thank the committee staff for their thoughtful contributions and assistance. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank Con-gresswoman F
OXX, as well as Ranking Member E
NGEL , for their legislation, as well as the other legislators who worked on it. This bill will help ensure that the War Crimes Rewards Program can be used to the greatest possible effect, bringing the perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide to justice. It will give the State Department clear authority to use rewards for perpetrators who are brought to justice under international tribunals and in domestic courts. America must stand against human rights abusers and war criminals abroad, and this bill helps advance that goal. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, when we consider the human cost in terms of those who com-mit war crimes or crimes against hu-manity, I reflect on some of the vic-tims of Charles Taylor’s activities in Liberia and Sierra Leone. We saw young children who had limbs ampu-tated at the hands of the Revolu-tionary United Front, supported by Charles Taylor. We have met with chil-dren whose parents have been mur-dered by the perpetrators of violence who believed they were beyond justice. The concept behind having the De-partment of State Rewards Program serves such an important purpose when we consider that it has helped bring to the bar of justice around this planet those who have been involved in war crimes. It has turned the table on dan-gerous war terrorists and criminals. This bill, sponsored by V
IRGINIA FOXX and E
LIOT ENGEL , continues to expand that very effort to help ensure that they face justice but, just as impor-tantly, to send the message that others in the future who contemplate behav-ing like Charles Taylor or committing this kind of mayhem will also face the bar of justice. It will also encourage those who are working with them to turn them over in order to get that re-ward, leaving them in a state of per-petual anxiety so that they know that, at any time, anyone in their organiza-tion could turn them over for inter-national justice. This bill helps ad-vance that effort. Again, I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) and my good friend from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), as well, for sponsoring this bill to make clear that this important au-thority includes justice meted out by U.S. courts under U.S. law. This makes it clear that the international provi-sions we seek to expand include the ac-tions taken here in the United States, and I congratulate them for bringing this bill forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3851, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
SWAN LAKE HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT BOUNDARY CORREC-TION ACT Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 219) to correct the Swan Lake hydroelectric project survey boundary and to provide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 219 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Swan Lake Hydroelectric Project Boundary Correction Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CONVEYANCE OF FEDERAL LAND WITHIN THE SWAN LAKE HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT BOUNDARY. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior, after consultation with the Sec-retary of Agriculture, shall— (1) survey the exterior boundaries of the tract of Federal land within the project boundary of the Swan Lake Hydroelectric Project (FERC No. 2911) as generally de-picted and labeled ‘‘Lost Creek’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Swan Lake Project Boundary—Lot 2’’ and dated February 1, 2016; and (2) issue a patent to the State of Alaska for the tract described in paragraph (1) in ac-cordance with— (A) the survey authorized under paragraph (1); (B) section 6(a) of the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85– 508); and (C) section 24 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 818). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.039 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH762 February 5, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alaska? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank my good friend from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) for coming over here to help manage the bill. I know it was an imposition, but I thank her. It means a great deal to me. Mr. Speaker, the Swan Lake hydro-electric project is a remote facility in southeast Alaska that provides electric power to nearly 20,000 of my constitu-ents in the cities of Petersburg, Wrangell, Ketchikan, and the sur-rounding areas. In 1994, the project’s operator began work to raise the dam height by 15 feet, working with the State of Alaska to secure 1,500 acres of land from the Federal Government inside the res-ervoir’s new coverage area. The land was surveyed by the Federal Govern-ment and transferred to the State of Alaska in 1997. In 2012, the project operator discov-ered an error in the Federal Govern-ment’s survey and determined an addi-tional 25.8 acres of Federal land would be inundated if the water level were raised. There is no disagreement among the Federal and State agencies concerned that an error occurred. H.R. 219 will fix the error by requiring the Secretary of the Interior to correct the survey and transfer the remaining acreage to the State of Alaska. This is a commonsense bill that pro-motes green energy development at zero cost to the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is always an honor to share the floor with my good friend from Alaska. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 219 instructs the Secretary of the Interior, after con-sulting with the Forest Service, to re-survey the Lost Creek section and other additional lands by the Swan Lake hydroelectric facility so the Inte-rior Department can modify the bound-ary and convey land necessary for the facility’s expansion. The Swan Lake hydroelectric facility is a tall concrete arch dam at the head of the Carroll Inlet. The project was authorized by FERC, and operation began in 1984. It is currently operated by a not-for-profit Alaskan Joint Ac-tion Agency called the Southeast Alas-ka Power Agency. These utilities pro-vide an estimated 62 percent of the power consumed by the communities they serve. The survey that was used to convey land for the expansion project con-tained a mistake and omitted the Lost Creek section and other additional areas. b1800 More land, however, needs to be con-veyed to the State of Alaska to utilize the additional reservoir storage from the recently finished expansion project. Because this bill corrects that mistake, conveys needed land for the facility expansion, and was supported by the U.S. Forest Service, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I believe that, given the nature of this bill—and we all know that when it comes to Alaska, no one is a better advocate and the strongest proponent of what is right and for the State of Alaska than my good friend, the Representative from Alaska. This is a bill that corrects that mistake, it conveys the needed land for the facility expansion, and it is supported by all the necessary Federal agencies. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I wish my good friend from Hawaii good luck in the upcoming election. I know it is against the rules, but I am going to say it anyway. The gentlewoman will make a fine Governor as she made a fine Congresswoman; believe me. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 219. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MARSHALL ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4547, by the yeas and nays; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
STRENGTHENING PROTECTIONS FOR SOCIAL SECURITY BENE-FICIARIES ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4547) to amend titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act to improve and strengthen the representa-tive payment program, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 396, nays 0, not voting 34, as follows: 
[Roll No. 51] YEAS—396 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.042 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H763 February 5, 2018 
Diaz-Balart Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Dunn Ellison Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—34 
Black Blum Clay Cohen Cole Cummings Davis, Danny Dingell Duffy Duncan (TN) Engel Gonzalez (TX) Gutie´rrez Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Kaptur Labrador Lee McEachin Meeks Meng Nolan O’Rourke Palazzo Pearce Rosen Rush Shuster Sires Vargas Walz Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
b1855 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia). The unfinished busi-ness is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 159, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 38, as follows: 
[Roll No. 52] AYES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Cleaver Clyburn Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Doggett Donovan Duncan (SC) Dunn Ellison Eshoo Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hultgren Hunter Issa Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaMalfa Lamborn Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Quigley Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Thornberry Titus Torres Trott Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoho Young (IA) NOES—159 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Coffman Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crist Crowley Cuellar DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Emmer Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jones Jordan Katko Keating Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight LaHood Lance Langevin Latta Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal MacArthur Maloney, Sean Mast McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Moore Neal Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Richmond Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Slaughter Soto Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Vela´zquez Visclosky Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Zeldin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.021 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH764 February 5, 2018 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—38 
Black Blum Burgess Clay Cohen Cole Cummings Davis, Danny Dingell Duffy Duncan (TN) Engel Gonzalez (TX) Gutie´rrez Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Kaptur Labrador Larsen (WA) Lee McEachin Meeks Meng Messer Nolan O’Rourke Palazzo Pearce Rosen Rush Shuster Sires Tsongas Vargas Walz Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1902 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 4547 (as amended) and ‘‘yea’’ on approval of the Jour-nal. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 772, COMMON SENSE NUTRI-TION DISCLOSURE ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1153, MORTGAGE CHOICE ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4771, SMALL BANK HOLDING COM-PANY RELIEF ACT OF 2018; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–546) on the resolution (H. Res. 725) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 772) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to im-prove and clarify certain disclosure re-quirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring pro-ceedings under section 403A; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1153) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4771) to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other pur-poses; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 1057 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 1057, a bill originally introduced by Representative T
IBERI of Ohio, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. f 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges of the House. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: Resolution Condemning Representative Paul Gosar Whereas, on January 30, 2018, Rep-resentative Paul Gosar tweeted a series of statements that included ‘‘Today, Congressman Paul Gosar contacted the U.S. Capitol Police, as well as Attorney General Jeff Sessions, asking that they consider checking identification of all attending the State of the Union ad-dress and arresting any illegal aliens in attendance.’’; Whereas Representative Gosar went on to tweet ‘‘Any illegal aliens at-tempting to go through security, under any pretext of invitation or otherwise, should be arrested and deported,’’ said Congressman Gosar; Whereas Representative Gosar’s com-ments explicitly targeted the DACA re-cipients that Members of Congress brought as their guests to the State of the Union; Whereas DACA recipients have been granted deferred action, are contrib-uting to this country, and have been thoroughly vetted by the U.S. Citizen-ship and Immigration Services; Whereas Representative Gosar’s ac-tions to inappropriately pressure the U.S. Capitol Police to detain and de-port Dreamers, who are staying in the country according to U.S. Department of Homeland Security regulations, in-timidated these young people who are already facing fear and uncertainty; Whereas Representative Gosar abused the power in an attempt to interfere with and politicize the United States Capitol Police’s efforts to pro-vide for a safe, secure, and open envi-ronment during the State of the Union; Whereas Representative Gosar has violated clause 1 of rule XXIII of the Code of Official Conduct which states that ‘‘A Member, Delegate, Resident Commissioner, officer or employee of the House shall behave at all times in a manner that shall reflect creditably on the House’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, that the House of Rep-resentatives strongly condemns Rep-resentative Paul Gosar for his inappro-priate actions that intimidated State of the Union guests and discredited the House of Representatives. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the ma-jority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair with-in 2 legislative days after the resolu-tion is properly noticed. Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the gentle-woman from New Mexico will appear in the R
ECORD at this point. The Chair will not at this point de-termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the res-olution. 
f 
GOOD LUCK TO OLYMPIANS FROM MINNESOTA’S THIRD DISTRICT (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize four athletes from Min-nesota’s Third District who will be competing in the 2018 Winter Olympics. Three are representing the United States on the women’s ice hockey team: forward Kelly Pannek, from Plymouth, graduated from Benilde-St. Margaret’s and is a senior now at the University of Minnesota; forward Dani Cameranesi, also from Plymouth, grad-uated from Blake and is also from the U of M; defender Sidney Morin, from Minnetonka, graduated from Minnetonka High School and also the University of Minnesota Duluth. On the men’s side, forward Ryan Stoa is representing the United States on the men’s ice hockey team. He grad-uated from Bloomington Kennedy and, also, the University of Minnesota. These four athletes join 16 other Min-nesotans and the 238 other United States athletes as they compete in Pyeongchang, South Korea, later this week. Mr. Speaker, these athletes go day in and day out with dedication, hard work, and commitment to achieve their dreams of competing in the Olympics and bringing home a medal. So, to Kelly, Dani, Sidney, Ryan, and all of our Olympians, we wish you good luck, and we are cheering you on. 
f 
NUNES MEMO HAS NO IMPACT ON THE RUSSIA PROBE (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, last Friday, the Nunes memo was released over the objections of the FBI, the Department of Justice, Democratic Members of the House Intelligence Committee, and several Republican Senators. This selectively edited docu-ment was political in nature from the outset, as is evident in the gap between what some of my colleagues claimed it contained and what the memo actually says. The Nunes memo focuses on the most recent warrants for surveillance of Car-ter Page, who has reportedly been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.026 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H765 February 5, 2018 
under watch since 2013 for his relation-ship with the Russian Government, years before his involvement with the Trump campaign. Yet this document in no way questions those facts, while new reporting has since revealed that Mr. Page boasted of his role as a Krem-lin adviser as far back as 5 years ago, when the first FISA warrants against him were reportedly issued. As Oversight Chairman G
OWDY has noted, the Nunes memo has no impact on the Russia probe, and Special Coun-sel Mueller’s work must continue unabated to allow the American public to know the full truth. 
f 
SIESTA SENATE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Hur-ricane Harvey hammered the great State of Texas in August. It devastated over 300,000 homes in the Houston area, not including businesses. Last year, the House passed a crucial $81 billion disaster relief bill. This funding will not only help repair the devastation caused by the hurricane, but it will also go toward disaster pre-vention in the future. But Texas, Flor-ida, and Puerto Rico are still waiting to see this hurricane relief money. Why? Because the ‘‘Siesta Senate’’ still hasn’t taken any action. And the rea-son they haven’t is because the Senate still uses an archaic, outdated 60-vote rule to pass simple legislation. The people of Texas are still suf-fering in their wait. The Senate needs to change the 60-vote rule and go back to 51. The Gulf Coast is in Hurricane Alley. Maybe the Senate doesn’t realize hurricanes come around every year. Mr. Speaker, there are also over 401 House bills awaiting Senate action, and this bill is one of them. The Siesta Sen-ate must vote. Nap time is over. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
b1915 RECOGNIZING THE LEGACY OF MT. ZION BAPTIST CHURCH (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the legacy of Mt. Zion Baptist Church on Evans Avenue in Fort Worth during its 123rd founding celebration. Since its founding, Mt. Zion has served as a beacon of light, pillar of support, and a place of refuge. In 1894, Reverend Frank Tribune, Katie Patter-son, Laura Purvis, Josephine Wells, and Ella and Lee Brooks founded Mt. Zion. They planted the seed for what would become a ministry of solace and guidance. The church began on a small lot on the corner of Louisiana and Rosedale in the southside Fort Worth commu-nity. Soon after, the congregation moved to its current location on Evans Avenue. In 1919, the church expanded to include an auditorium. It has since grown to include a facility for weekly Sunday school, a daycare and edu-cational services, and it also served as a meeting place when Dr. Martin Lu-ther King visited Fort Worth. Although the church staff of leader-ship has changed since its founding, the congregation has never lost sight of its mission. The current pastor is Carl McElroy. Many great people in Fort Worth are members of the church. My good friend Gwen Hicks, former House Clerk Lor-raine Miller, and I stand with them today to honor the recognition of these founders, leaders, and the congregation of Mt. Zion Baptist Church. f 
RECOGNIZING THE SOMERVELL COUNTY FIRE DEPARTMENT (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize a local fire de-partment from Texas’ 25th District, the Somervell County Fire Department. They recently had their annual ban-quet to honor firefighters for their bravery and their valor. This year, Mr. Matt Peelman and Mr. Brandon Fipps received two of the top awards for 2017. Matt was named the Career Firefighter of the Year, and Brandon was selected as the Volunteer Firefighter of the Year. Committing one’s life to protecting others is no easy task; so to both of these heroes, I want to say thank you. I thank them for their dedication and for putting their life on the line to get everyday Texans out of harm’s way. In addition to these two, there are many others at the station who were recognized for their courage: Nathan Huhn, Michael Laviada, Donna Owens, Blaine Stroud, Emma Turner, Jason Sanchez, Jerry Darnell, Ashileen Shepard, Brad Smith, Dakota Stroud, Trevor Crawford, Ben Welch, Fallon Wirsing, Tyler Brown, Kelby Bridwell, David Culp, Nicole Gilbert, Mandy Bradford, Kaine Popejoy, Randy Hurtado, Andrew Vance, and John Mark Thomas. Mr. Speaker, these men and women who serve their local community are a rare find. They are heroes, and I am honored to represent them in the 25th Congressional District of Texas. With that being said, may God bless Texas, may God bless the first respond-ers, and God bless the United States of America. In God We Trust. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE ROSELLE PARK PANTHERS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Roselle Park High School wrestling team for reaching the milestone of 1,000 varsity wins after beating Scotch Plains last week. The Roselle Park Panthers became only the fourth program in the country and just the second in New Jersey to reach this milestone. The entire community played a part in propelling the Panthers to this mile-stone. The Panthers have always had strong support from local businesses, community groups, and, of course, their loyal fans and neighbors. Mr. Speaker, Head Coach Ryan Roo-ney and his team have worked hard to get to this point, but they aren’t let-ting the record distract them from their ultimate goal: winning another State championship. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Coach Roo-ney and the Roselle Park Panthers for their 1,000th win and wish them contin-ued success on their way to another State championship. Go Panthers. f 
RECOGNIZING JOHN LEWIS AND DENNY BARNEY OF MARICOPA COUNTY (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to-night to recognize two gentlemen in my district: J
OHN LEWIS and Denny Barney. Since 2015, J
OHNLEWIS has served as the president and CEO of the East Val-ley Partnership and previously served as the mayor of Gilbert. The East Val-ley Partnership works with our cities and towns to maximize their economic potential and to help create jobs. John has done exceptional work, and I wish him the best as he and his wife will be leaving this summer to serve a church mission in Cambodia. Denny Barney is a wonderful choice to replace Mr. L
EWIS as president and CEO. Mr. Barney’s record of service in the private sector and on the Maricopa Board of Supervisors gives him a unique perspective as he accepts this new responsibility. He is a dynamic, bright, and great leader. The East Val-ley Partnership will benefit from his leadership for years to come. I am grateful for all of our leaders in the East Valley Partnership who work diligently to foster an attractive envi-ronment for families to live and busi-nesses to grow. 
f 
DECORUM IS MISSING IN THE WHITE HOUSE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, in the House we have a procedure that if words are untoward and not becoming of our stature as Members of the United States Congress, by any Mem-ber those words can be asked to be taken down. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.050 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH766 February 5, 2018 
It is unfortunate that in a tweet this morning the Commander in Chief said, of a Member of Congress who is a Fed-eral official, he ‘‘must be stopped,’’ words to that effect. I left my hometown early this morn-ing and had hoped there would have been some decent response from the Chief of Staff or other staff members of the White House to be able to say that that is an inappropriate attack on any Member of Congress or Federal official. I have yet to hear a clarification or apology that indicates that providing provocative words to take a Member down, or he must be taken down, is an inappropriate action or words for any Federal official. I hope that we can establish decorum not only in this body, but I hope we can establish decorum in the White House. It is sorely missing. 
f 
TRAIN ACCIDENT HEROES (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, tragically, in the last week, I have been impacted by two train wrecks, and I have also seen firsthand civilian heroes rise to the challenges. The first, on Wednesday, was the trash truck collision in Crozet, Albe-marle County, Virginia, where my wife, Roxanne, and I were passengers. It was inspiring to see immediately physician Members of Congress race to those in-jured in the wreck led by Congressman Brad Wenstrup from Ohio and Roger Marshall from Kansas and heroically assisted by registered nurse Lily Knight, wife of Congressman Steve Knight from California. First respond-ers and emergency personnel were pro-fessional and showed great courage. Yesterday, an Amtrak train collided with a parked freight train in my home community of Pine Ridge, South Caro-lina. The passengers thoughtfully cared for each other as emergency personnel and law enforcement from Cayce and Pine Ridge, and Lexington County Sheriff Jay Koon, working with State officials, provided assistance coordi-nated by Governor Henry McMaster. The American Red Cross, along with Lexington School District Two, estab-lished a shelter for victims. I am grateful that Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao called with her sympathy and assurance of Federal support. Our deepest condolences go out to the families who have suffered a loss in these accidents and our prayers for the quick recovery for all injured. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
COMMEMORATING OFFICER GLENN ANTHONY DOSS, JR. (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Officer Glenn Anthony Doss, a Detroit police officer who died while serving in the line of duty. Officer Doss, who joined the police force nearly 2 years ago, was answering a call when a gunman opened fire and shot Officer Doss in the head before he could get out of his patrol car. He was immediately rushed to the hospital, but, unfortunately, he died on Sunday, January 28, 2018. Officer Doss is what we call an Amer-ican hero. He did what any police offi-cer does the moment they put on their uniform and go out and serve their community with courage and honor, knowing that even the smallest inter-action may put their life in harm’s way. Officer Doss followed in his father’s footsteps who has been a member of the Detroit Police Department for nearly 20 years. I want to say God bless his memory, his family, his friends, and the Detroit Police Department for the work they do. He had a 9-month-old child. f 
RECOGNIZING FLO FABRIZIO ON A LIFETIME OF SERVICE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true public servant, State representa-tive Flo Fabrizio. Representative Fabrizio has served the Erie region for nearly 45 years. He announced last week that he would not seek reelection to a ninth term rep-resenting the State’s second legislative district. Mr. Speaker, there are probably few issues that Representative Fabrizio and I agree on politically, but he has always been a gentleman and someone who truly represents his constituents. Representative Fabrizio began his service in 2002 in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. Prior to that election, he served for 20 years as Erie County clerk. He is a lifelong resident of Erie and has been active in the community serv-ing as a charter member for the Erie Museum Authority, board member for Pleasant Ridge Manor, and as a mem-ber of many other philanthropic and charitable organizations. Mr. Speaker, Representative Fabrizio has been diligent and dedicated, and he has served his hometown and the Com-monwealth with distinction. I wish him the best in his retirement, and I hope he will enjoy spending time with his wife, Victoria, and his children. 
f 
THE DREAM ACT (Mr. CRIST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise to tell the story of a young teen who came to our country with nothing but hope for a better future. No English, no money, just a dream. This story may sound fa-miliar, but it is special to me. It is a story of my grandfather, Adam Christodoulos. The story of America is a story of immigrants. Now we have a whole new generation of immigrants who embody our American values: family, hard work, service, love for the United States, and dreams for the future. Without immigrants, from the con-struction worker in St. Petersburg to the CEO in Clearwater, there is no mid-dle class. Let’s remember the golden rule, treating all of God’s children the way we want to be treated, fairly and with compassion. Mr. Speaker, let’s pass a clean Dream Act today. We have the votes. We just need the will. f 
RECOGNIZING CRITZ FARMS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Critz Farms in Cazenovia, New York. This month the New York State Ag-ricultural Society honored Critz Farms with the 2018 Business of the Year Award. The award recognizes the qual-ity, leadership, and innovation dem-onstrated by State farms and particu-larly agribusinesses. Critz Farms was established in 1985 by Matthew and Juanita Critz. The family-run farm offers various edu-cational tours for visitors such as apple cider production, pumpkin patch browsing, and maple sugaring tours. Their mission is to educate people about farming and the origins of food, all while providing fun for the whole family. Critz Farms grows a variety of crops, including apples, strawberries, blue-berries, and conifer trees for Christ-mas. The family-run farm also pro-duces apple cider, award-winning hard cider, craft beer, and pure maple syrup. Congratulations again to Critz Farms for being honored as the New York State Agricultural Society’s Business of the Year. I am looking forward to visiting Critz Farms, as I do each year, for maple syrup season this March. Many of you may be surprised to know that the best maple syrup in the world is produced in New York State. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ANDREA CASTILLA (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Andrea Castilla. Andrea was a daughter, sister, and a friend. She went to the Route 91 music festival in Las Vegas to cele-brate her 28th birthday with her friends, her family, and her boyfriend, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.053 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H767 February 5, 2018 
Derek. Derek had planned to propose to Andrea that night. She had a passion for makeup and hoped to use this passion to help can-cer patients feel beautiful. Andrea will always be remembered for her free spir-it and positive outlook. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Andrea’s family and friends. Please note that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
b1930 CLASSIFIED MEMO (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the House Intel-ligence Committee for voting to re-lease the classified memo alleging mis-conduct by senior FBI officials in-volved in the Russian probe. Chairman N
UNES has done a great job of steering this through evenhandedly, with dig-nity, and with the ultimate goal of fairness in mind. I also thank the President for ap-proving the release of the memo, as well. The contents of this document are troubling. I previously joined many of my colleagues in urging the committee to release this memo to the public, as they have demanded. This is not an attempt to undermine anything. This document outlines some very serious misconduct at a very high level at a powerful government agency, and the American people have the right to know. Contrary to the narrative created be-fore its release, this memo in no way jeopardizes our national security but, indeed, shines a light on a lot of mis-conduct. As promised, the committee today approved releasing the Democratic version of the memo. That is fair. We will let the people compare them. 
f 
THREATENING WORKERS’ RIGHTS (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express grave concerns about the Supreme Court case Janus v. AFSCME Council 31. This case threatens the freedom of working people to join together in strong unions to fight for their right to fair pay, safe working conditions, and a voice in the decisions that will affect their retirement security, healthcare, and the fate of their families. Since 1980, incomes for most Ameri-cans have risen just 1 percent, while in-comes for the wealthiest among us rose by 204 percent. Incidentally, organized labor mem-bership has seen a precipitous decline in this time period. I want to recognize some of my own constituents who are fighting back against the Janus case, so-called right to fire laws, and the antiworker agen-da: Lorraine Aumic of Schenectady from Local 688; Bryan Schaeffer of Delanson from Local 886 in Schenectady; Michele Kuiber of Amsterdam from Local 671; and Judi Aubin of Clifton Park from Local 655. I thank them for their leadership in fighting for an increase in the house-hold income for the great majority of Americans coming through the strength of unions. f 
A BETTER DEAL (Mr. SWALWELL of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, in this Chamber last week, the President came and touted that the stock market was roaring and the un-employment rate was down. Today, he called us traitors for not applauding those numbers. A couple of days later, Speaker R
YAN said a secretary at a public high school noticed that her pay had gone up $1.50 a week because of the GOP tax cuts. Mr. Speaker, the economy is not the stock market. It is not the unemploy-ment rate. It is us. It is how we are doing. The stock market only matters if you are able to invest in it; and the unemployment rate only counts if you have a job you can count on, where your paycheck grows and you can plan for retirement and save for a better fu-ture. Mr. Speaker, the measurement of the economy is how we are doing. If you are only getting six quarters from a tax cut that gives millions to the rich-est among us, you are not doing very well. You deserve a much better deal. 
f 
ECONOMIC JUSTICE IN THE BLACK COMMUNITY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include any ex-traneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I stand here representing the Congressional Black Caucus and our chairman, C
EDRIC RICHMOND , who has initiated this particular Special Order for the Congressional Black Caucus to have this opportunity to speak to the issues specifically connected to the African- American community. As a result of the chairman’s leader-ship, we have laid out an agenda that we think is very appropriate to lay out. We think it is important that all of our constituents, particularly all Ameri-cans, recognize that the Congressional Black Caucus has solutions. There is a document here that was put together under the leadership of Chairman RICHMOND . When the Presi-dent stated sometime in August of 2016: ‘‘What do you have to lose?’’ the chair-man came up with the idea of a docu-ment that we would lay out, ‘‘We Have a Lot to Lose: Solutions to Advance Black Families in the 21st Century.’’ Over this next year or so, we will be talking about solutions relating to Af-rican-American communities. We think that African-American commu-nities, like all Americans, should rec-ognize that there are solutions to some of these challenges. With the President giving his speech last week on the state of the Union, the topic that we will talk about today is economic justice in the Black com-munity. The topic, again, is economic justice in the Black community. First, I thank my wonderful col-leagues for joining me here today to speak about economic justice in the Black community, an important topic to us all. The Black community has a lot to lose under the current administration. The racial wealth gap is widening. The GOP tax cut bill will not help, espe-cially when the Speaker of the House tweets about a $1.50 increase and actu-ally believes that this is a fair solution to our Nation’s problems. Costco membership for the middle class and others in need, new yachts and Gulfstreams for millionaires and billionaires—that is just not right. We are in the business of doing no harm. To add to this, the President stands up and brags that the unemployment rate for Blacks is at the lowest, even while the unemployment rate for Black Americans actually went up a whole percent last month according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. We did not hear from the President on that. You can’t take credit for the good, but not accept the bad. It is all about accountability and credibility, Mr. Speaker. There is nothing to brag about. To gain wealth comparison to White high school dropouts, Black people have to complete high school and some college, which is a very sad fact. This means that Black Americans need to invest more resources and time to achieve the same resources as White citizens, to make the same level of in-vestments. Generally, the typical Black Amer-ican has little room for error. The de-mands placed on Black families to gen-erate income while navigating the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.055 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH768 February 5, 2018 
problems that always arise are numb-ing. Black Americans have levels of net worth that are one-tenth the net worth of White Americans. Black Americans have only 8 percent of their wealth in businesses. Research shows that Black entrepreneurs have higher wealth levels and higher levels of wealth mobility than the Black non-entrepreneur. The lack of wealth makes it harder to start and maintain a business. According to data from various re-ports, including the Census Bureau, the Federal Reserve’s survey of small busi-nesses, and the Kauffman Foundation, Black-owned businesses are more reli-ant on their own investment in their businesses because access to capital from external sources is too difficult to obtain. To give you some context of what is at stake in our neighborhoods nation-wide, I represent a district with a pov-erty rate of 26 percent. That means 196,000 people in my district are at the poverty level. We know that one of the best solu-tions to addressing poverty is quality of jobs. Let me repeat that, Mr. Speaker. We know that one of the best solutions to addressing poverty is the quality of jobs. The President and his administration talk a big game about creating jobs and lowering unemployment, but we all know too well that this is not the re-ality in our neighborhoods nationwide. A 2015 CFPB report found that 15 per-cent of Black Americans are credit in-visible, meaning that they have no or limited credit. Black Americans have higher levels of student debt, on average. Forty per-cent of Black Americans between 25 and 55 hold student loan debt. Black Americans have higher levels of those debt loads, holding an average of $43,725. Let me repeat that. They have an av-erage of $43,725 in student debt, com-pared to an average of $31,367 for Whites. Our Historically Black Colleges and Universities must be capable of deliv-ering a world-class education and con-tinuing to attract top-notch students. Let’s talk about the solutions to eco-nomic injustice. Let’s talk about the solutions. In this document, we talk about the solutions. For example, don’t cut taxes for the superrich while others are struggling to make ends meet. Adopt a fair Tax Code that doesn’t pick winners or losers. Work to implement the Congres-sional Black Caucus 10–20–30 formula all across all agencies. This bold and innovative idea would require Federal agencies to commit 10 percent of their budget to the 485 counties where 20 per-cent or more of the population have been living below poverty lines for 30 years. We should also address food insecu-rity by providing access to healthy, af-fordable food. Mr. Speaker, more than 30 million Americans live more than a mile from the nearest grocery store. Let’s be clear: our food policy is our foreign policy. Our food policy is our foreign policy. When America helps with food and development aid around the world, it sends a signal that we are leaders in the global campaign to help end hunger. In addition, as a member of the Small Business Committee and the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax and Capital Access, it is critical that we support and expand small business and entre-preneurship opportunities. One of the things the President can do is increase the budget of the Minor-ity Business Development Agency in-stead of slashing its budget, as it did last year. That is one of the solutions that we have in this document. We can also increase the Small Busi-ness Administration’s budget, while en-suring the Small Business Develop-ment Centers are capable of providing assistance expanding the SBA 7(a) Microloan program, which would give small businesses $50,000 to start or grow their firms, a capital fusion that can help individuals who have ideas and a dream but no cash. Mr. Speaker, every day, graduates of our fine universities in Pennsylvania go to work but still find themselves be-hind or just keeping up with their stu-dent loans. This is an opportunity to show support for entrepreneurs by for-giving part of the student loan debt in terms of entrepreneurs. The President should also make new markets tax credits permanent. He should also condition the fintech char-ters of compliance with truth in lend-ing and equal credit access, using a template similar to that in the Com-munity Reinvestment Act. He should set up the 21st Century Technology Fund and reauthorize the improvement of the Community Devel-opment Block Grant program. Mr. Speaker, the chairman, whom I will later introduce, presented this doc-ument to the President, along with the executive branch. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), someone whom I have known for an awful long time. He knows a lot about economic development. I know that he has led the effort on business development. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) for hosting to-night’s Special Order. I am glad to see that his celebrating allowed them to get here on time, since his team was victorious yesterday in the Super Bowl. b1945 Let’s see. For 84 percent of the Amer-ican voters, the economy is the number one issue to care about. Tonight’s Spe-cial Order is made even more impor-tant after the huge drop in the stock market today. But, of course, the stock market is not the only measure of a healthy economy or economics of our community. Building wealth matters. Wealth is what families accumulate and pass down generation after generation. It is the house you pay for and give to your children so they can grow their fami-lies without paying rent. It is the retirement fund you live off of and pass on to your children so they can pay for their own children’s college education. By building wealth, we are building a safety net that allows us to start a business or survive if we lose our jobs. Yes, building wealth matters, but the Black community has been shut out from building its wealth. More than 25 percent of the Black community has zero net worth or has a negative net worth, and the median Black family is worth 12 times less than the median White family. Why is that? One reason for the vast majority of households in the United States, two- thirds of the family’s wealth is tied up in the value of their home. That means the racial gap in wealth is mostly a ra-cial gap in housing, and the housing wealth gap is not by chance. For decades, Federal law and policy favored Whites and discriminated against Blacks. For decades, private banks discouraged lending to Black people, and for decades, restrictive cov-enants outright prevented Black people from owning homes in certain areas of town. There are young people today strug-gling to rent apartments in major cit-ies because, in 1950, their grandfather was denied a loan by a bank because of his race. The young people of color are, in essence, forced to play catchup with their White colleagues. To build wealth in Black commu-nities, we need to work towards ending the racial unemployment gap. As the President has repeatedly proclaimed, Black unemployment has been drop-ping for the past 8 years, reaching a historic low this year, but that sta-tistic doesn’t tell the whole story. While unemployment has gone down, the gap between Black and White pay has not been going down. Black men only earn 70 cents an hour for every dollar a White individual makes. As long as that remains true, our commu-nities will continue to struggle eco-nomically. To close the economic gap, it re-quires us to close the wage gap. Work-ers everywhere need to be free to bar-gain collectively. We need to make unions and their workers stronger, not weaker. We need to raise the minimum wage for both tipped and untipped workers. We need to strengthen the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission. These basic steps will help generate Black wealth by closing the wage gap. Those are a few of the short-term solu-tions to closing the wealth gap and the wage gap among people who are in the workforce today. But we need a long- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.057 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H769 February 5, 2018 
term plan. We need to increase the par-ticipation and the success of Black, Latino, and female students in careers that rely on science, technology, engi-neering, and math. Fewer than half of all high schools in the United States offer calculus. Many high schools across the country don’t even offer physics or chemistry. And the students who don’t have access to senior-level science or math classes are disproportionately students of color or low-income students. This is a national disgrace. This disparity continues through col-lege, where only 4 percent of engineer-ing majors are Black or African Amer-ican, and only 8 percent are Hispanic or Latino. Look, the world around us is under-going rapid change and will continue to evolve, and there is a growing gap be-tween jobs that are in high demand and the people who have the skills to fill them. Over the next 10 years, 80 per-cent of careers will require a deep un-derstanding of STEM skills, but our young women, Black youth, and people of color are being left behind. They are among the least likely to pursue stud-ies in the most in-demand STEM fields, despite the fact that they are among the fastest growing demographics in the country. It is our duty to create an edu-cational system that encourages young people, whatever their backgrounds, to dream big, to achieve big. Only then will we be positioned to create a future in which technology reflects the strength of America’s diverse commu-nities. I would just like to say we are here tonight to discuss this matter that has plagued our community for decades, as I stated, but it is time for us to level the playing field once and for all, for all families to be able to benefit from what this country has to offer, the great American Dream. It is a dream for everyone, and we are bent on making sure that all commu-nities have an opportunity to benefit from this great Nation’s wealth. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would continue to yield to the gentleman for an answer to a question. I am going to—since he is from the great State of New Jersey—say that I heard the President in his State of the Union address last week. And this topic is about economic justice in the Black community, and I think Mr. P
AYNE did an excellent job in laying out very spe-cifically on the issue about the need for increase of the minimum wage. I yield to Mr. P
AYNE so he can speak to that a little bit and talk about how he thinks that would provide economic justice, particularly in the Black com-munity. I was, as a matter of fact, sit-ting right next to Mr. P
AYNE . I don’t think I heard the President speak any-thing about the minimum wage. Did I miss something? I just want to know if I missed some-thing that he was speaking on. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, if Mr. E
VANS missed it, I missed it because I don’t believe the President mentioned it at all. Look, I mean, people who are strug-gling in this country making $7 an hour, $8 an hour, $9 an hour, $10 an hour, it does not meet their essential needs. It is not enough money to live in this Nation, to have decent housing. Sure, you can make $7 or $8 an hour, but what are you going to be able to af-ford as a home? Sure, you can make $7 or $8 an hour, but what does your children’s future look like in terms of saving money for education? You are using everything primarily to feed and to clothe them. It has been discussed over the past 5 to 6 years that a minimum of $15 is needed for people to survive in this country. So we need to get up off of this high horse that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle said: Well, just pull yourself up by your boot-straps. Those days are over. And we were never given the bootstraps to hold onto. There is always, always some-thing in our way. Anytime an African-American family finds themselves in a position to move forward, the goalpost is moved and it is further away, the rules are changed. Every time we get to a point where there might be equality, somehow there are different issues which don’t allow you to move forward as your counterparts in the majority popu-lation. It is wrong and it needs to stop. We need to continue to bring light to it as a Congressional Black Caucus. It is our duty, as the voice of people in this country of color, to make sure we know that this travesty is going on, we understand it, we see it, we are not going to tolerate it anymore, and we are going to have to fix it. That is the way I feel. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I really ap-preciate Mr. PAYNE ’s comments be-cause what I am hearing Mr. P
AYNE say is we should give people a raise. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Mr. P
AYNE for any additional comments he would like to make. Mr. PAYNE. They have to. It is the only way for people in this country to make it. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
AYNE very much for his com-ments. Someone who is from a great State that has done—was a mayor in a State that manufactured and did a huge op-portunity in creating wealth, I couldn’t think of a better person to speak about this subject: economic justice in the Black community. She knows a lot about this issue. She has been hands-on about it. She has been in the forefront. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the congress-woman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE ), a great colleague from the 14th Congressional District. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman E
VANS for his strong representation of his constitu-ents of the Second District of Pennsyl-vania and his leadership and support of civil rights. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address racial inequality with America’s wealth gap. As we continue to cele-brate Black History Month, we remem-ber victories such as the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, and the Fair Housing Act of 1968. We can look back and celebrate these victories that brought us closer to the American principle of liberty and jus-tice for all. But the fight for equality, fairness, and justice continues. I am proud to stand with my colleagues of the Con-gressional Black Caucus to call for true economic justice for the Black commu-nity. Still, today, Mr. Speaker, in 2018, Black people in America have to earn a high school education, a high school di-ploma, and complete some time in col-lege to catch up to the wage of White high school dropouts. The Black-White wage gap is larger today than it was in 1979. This tragic truth does not affect Black men and women the same. Since the year 2000, young Black women have been hit the hardest. However, the racial wealth gap is even greater. The average wealth for White families is seven times high-er than the average wealth for Black families. Mr. Speaker, with facts like this, no wonder many find it difficult to stand and applaud President Trump’s belief that there is a trend of lower Black un-employment rates. Lower unemploy-ment rates does not address this imbal-ance of wealth and opportunity, and backward policies do not deserve our cheers. When we have an administration that puts forth policies that would elimi-nate programs to support minority businesses, drain the Black labor pool by doubling down on the war on drugs and mass incarceration, put forth a tax plan that gives billions to corporations and the wealthiest while leaving crumbs for the hardworking middle class, Mr. Speaker, this does not de-serve our applause. Certainly, under this administration, African Americans and minorities have a lot to lose. b2000 We heard that often during the cam-paign: ‘‘What do you have to lose?’’ Today, this administration is sur-prised we are not standing and ap-plauding. A chain is only as strong as its weak-est link. The strength of America is at its best when we are all strong. Mr. Speaker, that is why this fight from the Black Caucus—we are raising our voices—this isn’t just about Black America; this is about America. We are a country that the stronger each and every one of us is—regardless of our race, our religion, or where we came from—if we are in America and we are Americans, if we are all strong, the United States of America is strong. Equality is smart economics, and jus-tice for all is our American way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.059 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH770 February 5, 2018 
Today, we stand and call on this ad-ministration and this Congress to fight to make America strong, to make America the best it can be. We call for equality and we call for economic jus-tice for all. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to do a colloquy with my colleague on something that really got my atten-tion; what she said about that chain. I would like her to talk about that chain, what that means in real life and what it means when it is not func-tioning. What happens when that chain is not strong? Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, let me use the example of mass incarcer-ation. In my State and in this budget in Congress, we are constantly cutting programs for education. In America, if you do not educate a child, their choices are very limited. Statistics have shown that the lower the edu-cation, the higher the rate of incarcer-ation. I will share with the gentleman that if we truly want to reduce the cost of mass incarceration, if we truly want a workforce that is trained and available to address economic opportunities and invest in technology, and ensure that we are paying taxes and growing our tax base, it will be more efficient to in-vest in education. But, instead, we systematically, with budgets and cutting funds, empower the prison system, while at the same time create a disadvantage for people who then become what we so often hear: a burden to society, social wel-fare, and all these other things. When you create the opportunity to provide leadership to say, ‘‘We, in America, understand an educated American is an economic advantage,’’ and we have systematically ignored that—we sit here as if every child in America is getting equal education—it is not a reality. It should be an outcry from every CEO in America. All of these corporations are getting billions of dollars in tax cuts. Instead of saying, ‘‘Oh, do you know what, we are going to open up a new factory,’’ or ‘‘We are going to do this,’’ they should say that in conjunction with, ‘‘We are going to make sure that every child who is our customer, every community will be able to improve the educational system.’’ Because the larg-er our work base, the more powerful our corporation and our economy be-comes. Why do you think these corporations go overseas and say they have to go to other countries to get workers? And, excuse me, you don’t see the re-ality slapping you in the face when you have these children who are not edu-cated, and you have school systems that don’t have adequate books and technology to allow this child to reach their highest potential? That is a weak link. And this America that says that we are one of the best economies in the world, we are being attacked every day because our workforce is diminishing because we are not providing education that is competitive with other coun-tries. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I think the gentlewoman may have heard our col-league from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) talk a little bit about the minimum wage and raising the minimum wage. How would she see that aspect of raising the minimum wage being a part of strengthening that chain? Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, when you have what we call the working poor—they are going to work every day—think about a mother who is rais-ing a family. She is not asking for a handout. She is actually going to work every day. Some of them are working two jobs and still cannot provide the basics of food, shelter, and clothing for their children. And then when she says, ‘‘I need help,’’ they say, ‘‘Oh, these handouts, this social welfare these peo-ple are asking for,’’ when these are peo-ple who are working every day to achieve the American Dream, not to have luxuries, but to have the basics, the minimum wage is a beginning. But you tie that to education. We must ad-dress that. Many of these individuals, who have never committed a crime—they are not criminals, they are not bad people— they did not get the education that prepared them, and now they are work-ing, they are trying, they are pursuing the dream of: ‘‘If I work hard every day, if I do the work and show up and be a good employee, I will be able to provide for my family.’’ That is not a reality. In America, we should be ashamed of ourselves to have people working and still considered poor in America. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her comments. I greatly appreciate it. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICHMOND ), the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, who is really not a stranger to this topic of economic justice in the Black community. He has been leading this caucus for the last year and he has been very consistent about the need to address economic justice. He under-stands, from his perspective, from the caucus perspective, the importance that the best poverty buster is eco-nomic justice. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, let me take a moment to congratulate the city of Philadel-phia, the great people of Pennsylvania, on winning the Super Bowl last night. And I will just say, as we talk about economic justice, one of the reasons why Philadelphia or the Eagles were able to win the Super Bowl was not just because of their outstanding play-er Malcolm Jenkins, which they all got from the New Orleans Saints, but part of the reason why is because the rules are the same for everybody. When the rules are the same for everybody, then you get rewarded for your hard work, your dedication, your sacrifice, and all of those things. Last night was the re-ward of the Eagles’ hard work, dedica-tion, and sacrifice. The problem with what we face in this country is that the rules are not the same for everybody, which is why it takes an African American to have a high school diploma and some college education to earn what a White drop-out makes. And, look, it is what it is. It is the rules we find ourselves. But in a great nation such as this, you correct it so that the playing field is even and that the rules are the same. Some people are born on third base. They hit a single and think they hit a home run and earned all of their suc-cess. So often in minority commu-nities, we go to the plate already with two strikes, and we are expected to hit that same home run or that same sin-gle. Well, this morning, as I prepared to say good-bye to my 3-year-old—little Cedric—and drop him off at daycare and go to the airport so that I could fly up here and do the people’s work, I no-ticed that the CBC was getting criti-cized for not standing when the Presi-dent said that African-American unem-ployment was at an all-time low. I am grown. I accept what I do. To my col-league from Pennsylvania: No, I didn’t stand. But for anyone who is listening—and I hope that the White House is—why don’t you just call me and ask me why I didn’t stand? Because I will tell you, and I don’t care if it hurts some feelings, ruffles some feathers, or send people in a little tizzy. I didn’t stand because we haven’t done enough. I didn’t stand because Black unemployment has been going down since 2011 at a steady rate. The decline this past year is less than the decline in other years. But if I stood and applauded, it would make someone think that I was happy. It would make someone think that he was doing a good job. I also didn’t stand because I just didn’t believe the words that I was hearing. I also didn’t stand because I could hear the words of my grandmother in the back of my head saying: ‘‘Baby, he means you no good.’’ But part of the other reasons why I didn’t stand was because, in a country as great as this, I was sitting there that night—and I am a Southern boy— and I was thinking about how cold it was outside while we were in here lis-tening to the State of the Union; and when the weather gets really cold and it is snowing or it is raining and cold, I try to bundle up so I can hurry up and get in my car, and then hurry up and get in the office, and then hurry up and get in the house so that I don’t have to be exposed to the elements long. Do you know what I realized? That there are people in this great country who go to bed and wake up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.061 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H771 February 5, 2018 
outside. We can’t consider ourselves a great nation if that is true. The other thing I realized is that there are mothers who go to work every day and they bust their tails to provide for their kids, and at the end of the week, they still don’t have enough to make ends meet. But she is working for a corporation whose profits are at an all-time high, while her wages are at an all-time low. She is making the corporation a profit, but she can’t pay for the basic needs for her family. You can’t be a great country when that happens. So what does she do? Not to mention that she has to work two jobs to earn what a White male makes. So she is working two jobs to make what a White male makes. Then we criticize her for not educating her children. Well, she can’t help with homework. She is working her second job. But in this country, we have to be better than that. So to stand and give a State of the Union and just look at the unemployment rate really means you are looking at it like a 3-year-old. Part of our job as the CBC—the Con-gressional Black Caucus—is to educate, which is why we did prepare this docu-ment. And, look, White House, if it is too long, if it is too complicated, if the words are too big, call me. I will send you the cliff notes version. Lord knows I used them once or twice in school. But I will tell you: If you want to know our solutions, it is on page 17. If you want to hear us talk about eco-nomic justice and how to improve the economy, it is on page 31. If you want to know how to improve education and the workforce and healthcare, those are pages 40, 43, and 49. If you want to talk about rural America—because, as the CBC, I want to make this crystal clear to the coun-try: Yes, we are the Congressional Black Caucus, but we work for the en-tire country. So when we start talking about solutions, we are talking about solutions for rural America, like in-vesting in infrastructure, broadband, and all those things, so rural people, both Black or White or any other race, can succeed. But what most of the country doesn’t know is, yes, we have 48 members of the Congressional Black Caucus; we represent 78 million people, but only 17 million of those are African Ameri-cans. So we fight for the entire coun-try. So when we marched in the civil rights movement, and when the CBC fought for a civil rights bill, and a vot-ing rights bill, they weren’t just fight-ing for African Americans. First of all, they were fighting to redeem this coun-try’s soul because it was so lost. We find ourselves at a similar place in his-tory where we are fighting to redeem this country. We are here to help you save you from yourself because in this country, with the wealth that we have, we should not have the poverty. b2015 I want to be clear about another thing. I applaud the fact that people make a lot of money. Look, I think it is absolutely phenomenal. There is a guy in California right now building a 100,000-square-foot house for $500 million. God bless him, and God bless this country that he is able to make that much money. But you can’t tell me that, in the same country where he is able to do that, we can’t take care of a hungry 3- year-old or a hungry 4-year-old or help that mother who is working two jobs to make ends meet. And because she is getting subsidized rent, we have the nerve to call her lazy? No one in this body works two jobs. First of all, we are prohibited. But we don’t work two jobs, and there are too many families all across this country where people are working two and three jobs. You hear me talk about civil rights often, and you hear me talk about Dr. King often—not only because he was one of the greatest leaders ever in this country; not only because he went to Morehouse College, the greatest insti-tution in this country; but because his words had meaning and, more impor-tantly, his actions and his deeds were those that changed this country. So let’s think, as April 4 we will cele-brate the 50th anniversary of his assas-sination in Memphis at the Lorraine Motel. What people don’t realize about Dr. King, he was down there fighting for sanitation workers. He was fighting for people who woke up every day, got on the back of a truck. We call them ‘‘hoppers.’’ They would hop on and hop off the truck, put your trash in it, worked very hard, but they didn’t work with decent wages, decent work condi-tions, or anything else. He was down there not fighting for chronic voters, not pandering to a base, not trying to appeal to what is popular; he was down there fighting for garbage men and garbage women so that they could work with dignity and respect. That is what the CBC embodies. So I am so glad that tonight the gen-tleman is leading this Special Order Hour on economic justice. I know I went all over the place, but I want peo-ple to understand. First of all, I am not apologetic for not standing. Make me. Make me stand. And I am not talking about in a physical sense. That is too easy. All these sergeant-at-arms around here and all the security that the President has, yeah, they can make me stand, but make me want to stand. See, that is what makes this country great. Anybody, any little infant in this country can criticize. There are a whole bunch of people who criticize. Oh, they won’t stand for the Pledge of Allegiance or the Star-Spangled Ban-ner. What makes this country great is that they don’t have to if they want to protest. But this country is so great, we should make people want to stand. We should make those players feel not that they are sons of Bs, but that they are contributing members of society and that we cherish every community; that we are going to actually talk about police misconduct, not just from the White House where we get—you are in the White House. You get to beat up on the FBI, the CIA. You get to beat up on all law enforcement, and nobody says a word. But if one little football player says that police relations in my community are so bad that, no, I am not going to talk about the FBI pub-licly, I am not going to criticize them, I am just going to, in a very reverent way, take a knee to show that I am not happy with police community relations in my community, all of a sudden they are despicable people. But you can stand and sit in the White House and tweet about the FBI, CIA, and every-one else, and all of a sudden it is ac-ceptable. So, look, the rules should be the same for everybody. The solutions we have in this book, like investing in the minority business development agen-cies, those would make a real dif-ference in the lives of African Ameri-cans achieving better. But what did this budget do? Propose to cut them out completely. So we just have to be very cognizant of where we are, what we are doing, and know that you have to have a plan. Economic injustice will not cure itself because it wasn’t created overnight. I know I am probably way over the heads of all the people in the White House, but we learn in physics that, if a ball is rolling downhill, the only way you stop it from rolling downhill is to apply equal or greater force in the op-posite direction. So if we know that discrimination and racism and injustice has been in-volved in our economic system since the slaves built this hallowed building, then we know that that discrimination and that inequality has been rolling down the hill for centuries. So if it has been rolling down the hill for cen-turies, then we need an equal or great-er force to meet it. That is what this document is. It is saying, ‘‘Mr. President, implement these policies.’’ That will be the equal or greater force to meet that. All of a sudden, we have an equal playing field and we have a chance to make this a more perfect Union, what we all strive for, so that little Black boys and little Black girls can be judged by their char-acter, not by the color of their skin. That is what we strive for. Too often, too many politicians forget it because they are pandering to chronic voters and to a base. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania, from Philadelphia, who has on his green tie celebrating his Super Bowl victory. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I want to follow up on something that the gen-tleman said that sort of registers. He says this April it will be 50 years since Dr. King’s assassination. I am in-terested in the gentleman’s perspective 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.062 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH772 February 5, 2018 
as he looks at that 50 years. And the gentleman and I both have this honor of sitting in this great House and what it means. But that economic justice aspect, as the gentleman looks back and thinks about—and I am glad he brought up the issue about fighting for the sanitation workers and what Dr. King was doing. So if the gentleman is looking back and looking where we are today, speak to a little bit of where he thinks we are, because just last Tuesday we sat in this House and we heard the President give the State of the Union. The gentleman heard what the Presi-dent said in his State of the Union, and we know about Dr. King, that issue about economic justice in the Black community. If the gentleman had to measure it, where are we? I yield to the gentleman from Lou-isiana. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I tell the gentleman from Pennsylvania, how you describe the state of our Union de-pends on what ZIP Code you live in in this country these days. There are ZIP Codes where the state of our Union is great, where people are overjoyed that the stock market was over 25,000, that they are bustling because of the eco-nomic recovery that was started under President Obama. They are doing very well, and they did very well as we ended the Great Recession. But there are too many people in other ZIP Codes who still find them-selves without raises in the last 10 years, but the cost of gas, the cost of milk, the cost of electricity, all those costs are going up. All of your expenses are going up, but your salary is staying the same. That does not make for a balanced balance sheet. That makes for a deficit, which is why we talked about and challenged the tax cut that we just did. We just spent $1.4 trillion. B
ERNIE  S
ANDERS ’ free college plan was only $800 billion. We could have done his free college plan and still had $600 bil-lion left over to do infrastructure or something else, because the best way out of poverty and the best way to do these things is through investing in education. So the state of our Union is divided, is fractured; for vulnerable people, it is scary. They are anxious. For too many people, they are angry. We have pitched this whole idea in this country that if you are poor and you are White, the only reason you are poor is because minorities keep cutting the line and keep taking what should be yours. And to perpetuate that doesn’t help poor White people or poor Black people because, at the end of the day, they are both poor, and we need to realize that that is not what this coun-try is about, and we need to uplift both. That is why I would say the state of our Union is in paralysis, and we are paralyzed in a broke state. But it is our job, the Members of this House, all 435, to figure out ways to come together to fix it. We know we have very specific ideas. We know that they have very specific ideas. They won the majority, and elections have consequences. But if you want to talk to me in good faith about finding a solution, then be open to hearing what you don’t want to hear. I am open to not getting every-thing I want because I know that we didn’t win the House. But this institution has to be better than that. I hope we can come together at some point and realize that spending money on American families is actu-ally an investment that gives you a re-turn, and it is not just wasteful spend-ing. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMUCKER ). The gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) has 8 minutes re-maining. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, if I could ask the gentleman another question, because this issue of economic justice in the Black community is what I view as probably the issue, because we heard our colleagues from Michigan and New Jersey talk about that gap that exists. There is somebody out there listen-ing to you or listening to us tonight, and if you turn around and you are speaking to them, what sense of hope can you give to them that you see some way of addressing this economic justice? Is there something specifically that you can say to them that gives a little sense of optimism about that growing gap? I mean, I ride in cabs and all, and they wonder if there is a fundamental difference. So I ask the gentleman, as the leader of the Congressional Black Caucus, all 48, 49 of us, as you think about it and you have been here, what can you say to them about this economic justice issue that we have today? I yield to the gentleman from Lou-isiana. Mr. RICHMOND. Well, first of all, I think they should take some comfort and glean some hope from the fact that we are sitting here in the House of Rep-resentatives talking about economic justice on this Monday night because we are concerned about it and because we are offering solutions to it. Hopefully, some in the majority, maybe in the House, maybe in the Sen-ate, maybe in the White House, will ex-tend a hand to say we are interested in hearing your ideas; we will read your proposals; let’s see if we can find some middle ground. This is not just about African Ameri-cans. This is about American people. There are too many people in this country who are busting their tails but can’t make ends meet, and that, we have to take as a reality. Corporations, the profits are at an all-time high; wages are at an all-time low. We ought to have a better balance than that. I think that they should take comfort in the fact that we are dedicated to working on it, and I think that there is some sense of corporate responsibility that will also level the playing field. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I say to the gentleman that I really have en-joyed this topic. I guess it is a topic that, like in his district and my dis-trict, it always comes down to about the Benjamins and always comes down to what exactly—I liked his analysis about the rules, that he started out re-lating to football games or whatever sport it is, there are some rules. I do think some people really wonder, from an economic justice standpoint, how they fit into this particular situa-tion. I guess the point is does the gen-tleman have any sense that you think—and you visit with the Presi-dent—to your knowledge, that: ‘‘You have got a fine document; I strongly support it, the solutions that are ad-dressed.’’ Does the gentleman sense from either him or his administration that they are going to take up any-thing that you see there in terms of discussion? I yield to the gentleman from Lou-isiana. Mr. RICHMOND. Not yet. Not yet is the short answer. Let me say this, Representative E
VANS , as I close. You mentioned that where we are from it is all about the Benjamins, which means the Ben Franklins, the money dedicated to the resources. Far too often—and I challenge a lot of the norms and customs and sayings in our community that I think are harmful. One of the sayings we used to hear a lot was, ‘‘if it doesn’t make dol-lars, it doesn’t makes sense,’’ which means that, if it makes money, it makes sense. b2030 But the true saying should be: if it only makes dollars, then it doesn’t make sense. There has to be something else to it besides just corporations making as much as they possibly can. There still has to be some sort of community obli-gation that goes along with it to make the communities you are in a little bit better, whether it is the schools; whether it is the housing; whether it is the streets, the roads, the bridges, all of those things. So when you start talking about our infrastructure, the question becomes: Are corporations paying their fair share? They benefit from our labor, they benefit from our consumers, they benefit from a whole bunch of things. But if it is only about the dollars for them, then this country has lost its soul, which is why we are having this conversation, because we have to save it from itself. And it is not the first time this coun-try has lost its soul. During slavery, during Jim Crow, during segregation, there were many people who woke up every day, went to church, prayed to the Lord, and then at the end of the day went right back to perpetuate Jim 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.063 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H773 February 5, 2018 
Crow, segregation, slavery, racism, and all of those things. But it takes brave people to stand up and call it for what it is. If you don’t diagnosis the problem, you will never find a cure for it. So even in this House, we have people who claim to be the Christian right or the religious right who will say and espouse very hateful and racist things, all in the guise of religion. But it is our duty as the CBC, and me as the chair, to remind people, one, that we are better than that, and, two, we have done an awful lot of despicable things in this country and blamed it on religion or blamed it on the Lord and don’t blame religion or the Lord for wicked men. It is our obligation to make sure that we call it when we see it and we continue to fight for the least of these. Because the least of these can’t afford lobbyists. They can’t run commercials on TV congratulating people. They can’t run commercials on TV opposing candidates. All they can do is continue to bust their tails every day to try to put a roof over their head, food on their table, and all of those things. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his knowledge and his information, and I hope that it has been very helpful on this subject of economic justice in the Black commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, in terms of the Congres-sional Black Caucus Special Order, I want to yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, during his State of the Union ad-dress, President Trump was quick to tout how the unemployment rate among black Ameri-cans dropped to 6.8 percent in December 2017—the lowest level ever recorded since the Bureau of Labor Statistics first began tracking unemployment numbers by race in 1972. However, President Trump’s rosy nar-rative ignores a host of other facts that paint a very different picture for members of the black community under the new administra-tion. For one, President Trump’s statement ig-nores important context surrounding this fig-ure. From January to December 2017 under President Trump, black unemployment dropped 1 percentage point. Comparatively, under President Obama, unemployment among black Americans dropped by 1 per-centage point during the same period in 2016; then by 1.9 points in 2015; then by 1.5 points in 2014; and then by 1.8 points in 2013. We must not forget that it was President Obama who pulled our country out of the biggest eco-nomic downturn since the Great Recession, the effects of which we are still benefitting from to this day. Ultimately, in January 2018, we saw a huge jump in unemployment among the black community to 7.7 percentage points. The unemployment rate is not the only im-portant indicator for economic health. Average wealth is an important metric, and one that points to a larger problem within our country. For example, for every $100 in wealth accu-mulated by an average white family, the aver-age black family can expect to only have ac-cumulated $5.04. For every $100 in income earned by the average white family, black families earn just $57.30 on average. This wealth disparity has serious implications for housing, education, social mobility, and other factors that impact future earnings and wealth. Yet, in the face of these economic indicators, President Trump still proposes making drastic cuts to federal programs that help vulnerable segments of our population to escape poverty. Mr. Speaker, access to wealth is more im-portant than simply providing the means to purchase goods and services. Wealth enables families to grow without the hindrance of debt, gain access to safer neighborhoods and better schools, and become more equipped to pay for better education. In the absence of this, you see what we are witnessing within the black community—a racial wealth gap that continues to widen as time marches on. We need to overcome the economic disparities that have plagued the black community for generations and create new opportunities to lift our most vulnerable out of poverty. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, thank you Congressman E
VANS for yielding and for an-choring this very important special order on the state of economic inequality in the United States, especially regarding its citizens of color. The President would have us believe he is bringing the country together and growing the economy for all Americans but this could not be further from the truth. First and foremost, Trump has nothing to do with the African-American unemployment rate being at its current level. The President inherited a strong and res-cued economy, including the downward trend in black unemployment from President Obama. The African-American unemployment rate was cut in half during the Obama Administra-tion. The African-American unemployment rate actually jumped nearly one percentage point in January 2018, right after President Trump took credit for it being the lowest on record. During the Obama era, the economy added 15 million new jobs, the black unemployment rate dropped and the high school graduation rate for African Americans soared. The members of the CBC are here to tell the American people: ‘‘Stay Woke, Don’t Be Fooled.’’ The racial wealth gap is much larger than the wage or income gap by race. Average wealth for white families is seven times higher than average wealth for black families. Worse still, median wealth (wealth for the family in the exact middle of the overall dis-tribution—wealthier than half of all families and less-wealthy than half) for white households is twelve times higher than median African- American wealth. Black-white wage gaps are larger today than they were in 1979. Young African-American women have been hardest hit since 2000. The wage gap for African-American men was 22.2 percent in 1979; in 2015 it was 31 percent. Wage gaps are growing primarily because of discrimination and racial differences in skills and worker characteristics. Declining unionization has also had a role in the growing African-American-white wage gap, particularly for men newly joining the work-force. African Americans have been disproportion-ately affected by the growing gap between pay and productivity. Not only are the President’s policies divisive along racial and cultural lines, they also serve to further increase economic inequality due to their clear design in favor of the wealthiest among us at the expense of everyone else. Trump’s billionaire tax heist robs the U.S. Treasury of $1.5 trillion in resources that could be invested in economic growth in under-served communities. Trump has proposed eliminating programs that help minority businesses and that help mi-nority communities access bank lending. Trump has opposed increasing the minimum wage and eliminating labor protections for middle and lower income workers in the black community Trump has proposed doubling down on mass incarceration and the war on drugs, which drains the African-American labor pool. Trump has taken every opportunity to harm health care for African-Americans from sabo-taging the ACA to ending Medicaid as we know it. Donald Trump is no friend to African-Ameri-cans’ pocket book. Trump also wants you to believe that he wants a bipartisan infrastructure plan. ‘‘Stay Woke; don’t be fooled.’’ Trump’s proposal is yet another giveaway to his wealthy friends. Instead of providing a robust federal invest-ment in our infrastructure, including roads, bridges, mass transit, schools and broadband, Trump wants to give tax incentives to wealthy firms and individuals to build infrastructure that will cost the middle and lower income Ameri-cans money to use. Instead of making it easier for state and local governments to invest in needed projects, he will make it more expensive for them to do so by reducing the federal cost share. A recent National Urban League report titled ‘‘Protect Our Progress’’ gives a detailed look at the conditions of African Americans today. The report suggested that the nation should invest in a ‘‘Main Street Marshall Plan’’ that would ensure that the gains made by African- Americans during the Obama administration aren’t lost. The plan includes expanding pre-K, increas-ing the number of college students receiving Pell grants, increasing the minimum wage and summer youth employment programs and incentivizing more doctors to accept Medicaid. But we are in a climate where the current administration is looking to make cuts in many of these areas. As it has for more than a decade, the Urban League used its Equality Index to track how close black America has gotten to white Amer-ica in five major areas: education, health, so-cial justice, economics and civic engagement. There was not much change between 2015 and 2016 in the five areas the Urban League measures. For this reason, the overall 2017 Equality Index of Black America was 72.3 percent, compared to 72.2 percent the year before. An index of 100 percent would mean full equality in the particular measure between Af-rican-Americans and whites. The biggest increase came in the area of education, which rose from 77.4 percent in 2015 to 78.2 percent in 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.066 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH774 February 5, 2018 
In economics, African-Americans went from an equality index rate of 56.2 percent in 2015 to 56.5 percent in 2016. In healthcare, the equality index between African-American and white Americans went from 79.4 to 80 percent between 2015 and 2016. The only decrease came in social justice, from 60.9 to 57.4 percent. In the category of civic engagement, African Americans actually surpass whites, according to the Urban League, with the number be-tween 2015 and 2016 remaining at 100.6 per-cent. As for Hispanics, there was a bigger in-crease in the overall Equality Index, from 77.9 percent in 2015 to 78.4 percent in 2016. The Urban League also ranked the 70 met-ropolitan areas from the smallest gap in unem-ployment between African Americans and whites (and Hispanics and whites) to the larg-est gap. For African Americans, the area with the smallest black-white unemployment gap was San Antonio-New Braunfels, TX, where the Af-rican Americans unemployment rate was 6.4 percent (down 1.9 percentage points from the previous year) The white rate was 4.5 percent (down 0.4 percentage points). The area with the largest gap was Mil-waukee-Waukesha-West Allis, WI, where the unemployment rate for African Americans was 13.8 percent, while just 2.7 percent for whites. In income inequality, Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario, CA for the third consecu-tive year had the smallest difference between African Americans median household income and white median household income The city with the biggest income gap was Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN–WI, where the chasm was 41 cents for African Americans for every dollar earned by a white person. For both African Americans and Hispanics, the area with the highest median household income was Washington-Arlington-Alexandria, DC–VA–MD–WV, at $68,054 for blacks and $69,481 for Hispanics. It also had the highest white household in-come at $112,177. Mr. Speaker, our nation still has a long way to go before we achieve economic equality for all its citizens. 
f 
THE RIGHT TO LIFE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
MUCKER ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) is rec-ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege and honor to address you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives, and I appre-ciate the honor and the privilege to do that. Mr. Speaker, I came to the floor here tonight to talk to you and address the body about the issue that is so impor-tant to so many millions of Americans, and that is the issue of life, the issue of protecting innocent, unborn human life that doesn’t have the ability to speak out for itself, doesn’t have the ability to scream for its own mercy, but it does have the ability to squirm and move and belch and do all the things that we do outside the womb and can feel pain, a beating heart, and a throb-bing heart of a heartbeat. I mentioned this on the floor here a couple weeks ago of an ultrasound that was sent to me with a little baby with 158 beats per minute. I would take people through some of the pro-life legislation that has been moved or attempted to be moved here in the United States Congress, Mr. Speaker. I would take you back to 1973 and Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton. Those two Supreme Court cases, work-ing in conjunction with each other, es-sentially translated into abortion on demand. We saw abortions go from about 35,000 abortions a year in Amer-ica, a number that I would say I thought was horrible then, to some-thing like 1.6 million abortions in America, now ratcheted down with the weight of the conscience of our society to some number about 1 million or maybe a little bit less than 1 million. Mr. Speaker, we don’t get to count that difference between 1.6 million, roughly the peak, and a little under 1 million as 600,000 babies saved every year. Instead, it goes on our conscience the other way. That is a cumulative total of 60 million babies who have been sacrificed at the alter of this sub-ject called pro-choice, judicial activ-ism. I remind you, Mr. Speaker, that human life is protected in our United States Constitution. It is protected under the 14th Amendment, and we have a constitutional right here in Congress to protect and defend life. In fact, I believe we have a duty to pro-tect and defend life. So I would first take us to that case of Roe v. Wade, and Doe v. Bolton, and the two cases taken together, January 22, 1973, and we have marched every year since then, including just last month on January 19. But essentially this: Roe v. Wade was a case that was built on several Su-preme Court precedents, but the one that strikes me the most is the Gris-wold v. Connecticut case. That was back in the mid 1960s sometime, maybe 1964, where Connecticut had outlawed contraceptives. They were a strong Catholic State at the time, and so they outlawed contraceptives. Griswold went to court and said: No. We are married. We should be able to buy contraceptives, and the State of Connecticut shouldn’t interfere in that. So the Supreme Court manufactured this thing called a right to privacy, which was the privacy was protected by contraceptive activities within the marriage. So that case went in as a precedent case that established the right to privacy. And then there was a follow-up case, and that would be the Eisenstadt case, that said: Well, it doesn’t matter whether you are married, you have got a right to privacy whether you are married or not, so you should be able to buy contraceptives if you are cohab-iting rather than being joined together in holy matrimony. The Supreme Court found in their favor in that case. And then, not that long later, 1973, here comes Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton. Roe v. Wade says: Well, there is a right to privacy, so I guess if we are not going to interfere with reproduc-tive choices of married couples or non-married couples, then we are not going to interfere with whether they want to terminate the life of that innocent, beautiful, miraculous little baby. So they came down with the decision that a right to privacy was more im-portant than the right to life. And on this floor, Mr. Speaker, I brought this issue up numerous times to remind the body that our Declaration of Independ-ence articulated this very clearly. It laid out the parameters for our Con-stitution. Our Constitution reflects those parameters in the Declaration. So there is a right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. And those are prioritized rights. The priority is this: life is paramount. It can’t be sub-ordinate to anybody’s liberty, and somebody’s pursuit of happiness can’t trample on anyone’s liberty or their life. Yet the Court decided this right to privacy, this liberty, this right to pri-vacy that was manufactured in Gris-wold v. Connecticut in roughly a dec-ade or less earlier, was more important than the right of the life of the inno-cent unborn. And then they got into the concept of viability. But Doe v. Bolton is the one that gave essentially the broad license. The viability piece says: Well, can a baby survive at the end of the first tri-mester? No. The end of the second tri-mester? Probably not. But into the third trimester? That became more likely. Yet even that didn’t protect that in-nocent, unborn baby because Doe v. Bolton put these exceptions in here for the health of the mother, and that was defined and included the physical health, the emotional health, the psy-chological health, the familial health, and age-related factors. So if you get into the emotional health, that is impacted by mental sta-bility. It is impacted by cash flow. It is impacted by anything. What it amounts to is that this long list car-ried within it someplace there that anybody could look at it and say: Well, that’s a license to abort a baby under any circumstance anytime, provided that the mother just simply wants the abortion. And we, just a little over a year ago, saw a President leave office who stood on the floor of the Illinois State Senate and, multiple times, took the position that if a woman goes to an abortionist and wants an abortion, if the baby sur-vives the abortion, she still has a right to a dead baby. And by the way, all the people speak-ing over here a little bit ago all voted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.031 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H775 February 5, 2018 
against the bill that protected a baby who was born alive and survives an abortion. And it is abhorrent to me to think that you would abort a baby. But the second thing is that if that baby sur-vives the abortion, to go forward and kill that baby anyway or put that baby off in a cold room until that baby freezes to death, close the door, shut off the sound, plug your ears, and come back and check in an hour or two or five and see if it is done. It is an appalling place that this country has gone. Sixty million babies. And I have supported every piece of pro-life legislation that has come be-fore this Congress, including the Born- Alive bill. I support the ban on abor-tions for sex selection. I support the Pain-Capable bill, which passed the House here last October and went over to the Senate where, thankfully, the Senate had a vote on the Pain-Capable bill, and it failed, and we knew it would fail. But it did establish that there is a pro-life majority, at least under those parameters, in the United States Sen-ate. And I believe there will be some Senators who are held accountable for that vote. Mr. Speaker, I want to make it clear that I believe this: I believe that life begins at the moment of conception, begins at fertilization. From that point forward, it is a unique being that is growing and multiplying and shaping; and within about 18 days, we have sci-entific evidence that the heart starts to beat. We know that there is nerve activity. We know that that baby—by about 20 weeks, it is clear, and I say it is actu-ally irrefutable, that the baby feels pain. We have watched them in ultrasound move around in the womb and squirm. We held a hearing last November 1 where we watched probably the young-est witness to ever testify before the United States Congress, and his name is Lincoln Glen Miller. This little boy was 18 weeks into development, and we watched him on ultrasound as he jerked his arm towards his face, sucked his thumb, moved his lips like he was trying to talk to us, squirmed around. This little guy, Lincoln Glen Miller, showed us the humanity inside the womb here in this United States Con-gress for the first time. So at the funeral of Phyllis Schlafly, who, prior to her death, was a living, breathing icon, a very principled indi-vidual, someone who was the clearest thinker of our time, I read most all of Phyllis’ writings and followed her closely and counted her as a friend, and she has had a powerful impact upon this country, but at her funeral, Janet Porter of Faith2Action and I sat down and talked about something that Phyl-lis had asked: Would I bring a Heart-beat bill to the floor of the House of Representatives and push it through for a vote here on the floor success-fully? Phyllis never wanted to do any-thing unsuccessfully, and I don’t ei-ther, Mr. Speaker—and send it over to the Senate and work to nurture it over there so it can get to the President’s desk for a signature, because we have gone through 45 years of incrementalism. Forty-five years of a little bill here, a little bill there, that saved a few lives here and a few lives there. Henry Hyde, the leader in the pro-life movement, and he was a glorious man who I had the privilege to serve with here in this Congress, and I enjoyed that time with him, Henry Hyde brought the Hyde amendment, and that extrapolated into the Mexico City pol-icy. The Hyde amendment, coupled with the Mexico City policy, has saved 1 million lives, perhaps as many as 2 million lives, during that period of time. I was involved in the ban on partial- birth abortion, and there we first saw the Supreme Court overturn our ban on partial-birth abortion, that ghastly tactic of turning a baby around in the womb and delivering the baby breech, feet first, until that baby’s head and face are still inside the mother, and then poking a pair of scissors or a scal-pel into the back of that baby’s head and sticking a suction in and sucking the brains out to collapse the skull and removing the balance of that baby as that baby squirmed for mercy until the brain tissue was emptied from his skull. b2045 Mr. Speaker, that sickening and ghastly and ghoulish tactic was out-lawed by this Congress, and it went to circuit courts around the country. And those circuit courts found it unconsti-tutional because they couldn’t over-turn Roe v. Wade or Doe v. Bolton, so it came to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court, in the first round of the ban on partial-birth abor-tion, found that killing a baby in that ghastly fashion was entirely constitu-tional because Congress had failed to precisely define to the satisfaction of the Supreme Court the act of partial- birth abortion, and had failed to dem-onstrate by congressional findings that a partial-birth abortion was never nec-essary to save the life of the mother. Mr. Speaker, we went back to work. We went back to the Judiciary Com-mittee and we held hearings before the Judiciary Committee, hearing after hearing after hearing. We got out the word processor again—it was a word processor in those days—and we pre-cisely defined the act of partial-birth abortion. When I describe it here, it is more ghastly than I have ever spoken pub-licly, and I regret the damage that it does to the ears and the psyche of the people who are listening tonight, Mr. Speaker, but it needs to be said. We de-fined that act absolutely, precisely, from a medical perspective, and we had a lot of sets of eyes and ears on it to weigh in on all approaches that we could do. And with those hearings, medical doctor after medical doctor came through and testified. In the end, we had congressional findings that con-cluded definitively that a partial-birth abortion was never medically nec-essary to save the life of the mother. So we defined the act. We proved it was never necessary to save the life of the mother. We passed the legislation, House and Senate, and it went off to be litigated again to three separate Fed-eral circuits, one of them in Lincoln, Nebraska, which I attended in front of Judge Kopf. I will not forget that. But each of those circuits all found that our bill was unconstitutional in par-tial-birth abortion, not because we didn’t define the act precisely enough, and not because our congressional find-ings weren’t that, but because they did prove that it was never necessary for a partial-birth abortion to save the life of the mother. They found our second bill unconsti-tutional because of the precedent called stare decisis. Stare decisis is the precedent that the court respects a pre-vious decision. So anybody who thinks that there is a piece of pro-life legisla-tion that will save any lives, that is going to be upheld at the lower court level, is, I think, barking up the wrong tree. It is not going to happen that any lower court and lower Federal court in the United States is going to overturn a Supreme Court decision, because they will respect stare decisis, the de-cision of the Supreme Court. And there are too many Justices who have served in the past on the Supreme Court who would also honor that stare decisis de-cision. If a similar case comes before them, they would look at the decisions that were made before and say: Well, I guess the court has already resolved this. There is no reason for us to relook at this. There is going to be no de novo re-view. It is simply going to be whatever the court has decided in the past. We are not going to challenge that going forward. We will build all case law on the case law that is behind us as we go forward. That is an adherence to stare decisis and that is what we must overturn if we are ever to put an end to abortion in this country. That is why we have written legisla-tion in the Heartbeat bill that is de-signed to challenge Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton and ask a new Supreme Court, after we pass the Heartbeat leg-islation, H.R. 490, and bring it to this floor, get this vote, and pass it over to the Senate. When the day comes that we have got the votes in the House and Senate and we have a President that will sign the legislation—today, if we could get there—and a Vice President that seems to be enthusiastic about this—and I notice that the political ad-viser for the President, Kellyanne Conway, had a heartbeat pin on her dress as she spoke just a week or so ago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.068 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH776 February 5, 2018 
I appreciate that support that is there. But with the votes that are here now in this House, and the votes that need to be compiled in the Senate, and a Presidential signature, we can ban abortion. If a heartbeat can be de-tected, the baby shall be protected. That is the Heartbeat bill, H.R. 490. But when it is passed—I pray to God it is and soon—it will go to the lower courts because the pro-abortion lobby will litigate everything. Nothing seems to get to their conscience. They will litigate it. And we don’t expect to win at the lower court level. It all has to go to the Supreme Court. When we designed this path for this legislation, it was designed for a pro- life majority in the House, which we have; a pro-life majority in the Senate, which was proven just a week ago we have; and a President that will sign that legislation, a pro-life President who said just a few days ago that he is a pro-life President again. I appreciate that reinforcement. We designed it for all of that with the expectations it would go before not the court at the time we wrote the bill and not the court now—perhaps the court now, but more likely a court that would be formed by a subsequent ap-pointment or two made by this Presi-dent, Donald Trump. All of that needs to be lined up for the Heartbeat bill to have success. And we should remember that. This isn’t a function of waiting for the Supreme Court to be where we think it is favorable alone. It is, instead, a function that there has to be four windows that are opened in the right sequence and we have to fly through those windows. So the first window is open right now: the House of Representatives. We just need a Speak-er and a majority leader that will schedule the vote here on the floor, with 170 cosponsors on this legislation, and a good long list of folks who want to vote for the bill that just weren’t ready to sign on yet. We will get there, Mr. Speaker. That is window number one. We have got to fly the Heartbeat bill through window number one, and then send it over to the Senate. And we have got to fly the Heartbeat bill through window number two. That is harder. It is harder with the filibuster rule, a 60-vote majority. But with 60 million lives at stake, maybe the 60-vote majority is not such a requirement. Perhaps they would be willing to waive that long tradition for the pur-pose of saving lives. That will be my argument. We have got 60 million lives we have lost in this country and you are requiring 60 votes in the Senate, and that sets the stage for another 60 million lives to be aborted if you can’t get rid of that filibuster rule and let a simple majority pass something through the Senate. The window in the House is open now. The window in the Senate can be opened if the Heartbeat bill goes over there. The window at the White House is open right now. And the court is going to take a little time. But if we sit back and we decide we don’t want to send something out this window of the House because we don’t think that the Senate is ready—the President is ready, by the way—or if we don’t think the court is ready, then there will be a window closed and it will be too late. We have got to move this legislation through. It is H.R. 490, the Heartbeat bill that says this: that before an abor-tionist can ply his trade, he must first check for a heartbeat. And if a heart-beat can be detected, the baby is pro-tected. It is that simple, that clear. And we have the technology now that shows that definitive heartbeat on ultrasound, where you can watch the baby move and squirm and gurgle and suck its thumb and try to talk, and do all of those loveable things. We have the technology that shows that in ultrasound. We have a take- home kit where you can listen to the heartbeat of your baby. I get them texted to me from young ladies who are moms already and they are already bonding with this unborn baby. That technology says that, at about 6 weeks, we can determine the definitive nature of that heartbeat. And if that heart-beat can be detected, the baby is pro-tected. Mr. Speaker, here is the problem that we have: 170 Members signed onto this bill and another good bunch of them want this bill to come to the floor and they want to vote on it. The will of the people is reflected through the United States Congress, especially the House of Representatives. Unelected people on the outside of this Congress are the ones who are holding this bill back. When I talk to the leadership up the line and I say, ‘‘I want to vote on the Heartbeat bill and so do 170 Members who signed on and multiple others who want to vote for it,’’ the will of this Congress is clear, but the leadership says, ‘‘We don’t want to divide the pro- life community. We want to make sure that the pro-life community is unani-mous in this before we move legisla-tion.’’ I think that is an old rule that was put in place. It wouldn’t be my rule. So the top organizations along the way would be National Right to Life, the oldest and largest pro-life organiza-tion in the country. Now, I have named them. I can name every other organiza-tion from Family Research Council to Susan B. Anthony List, to Faith to Ac-tion, on down the line. And I will name a bunch of them a little later this evening, Mr. Speaker. Every other or-ganization that I name supports this bill. The only organization that doesn’t support it is National Right to Life. National Right to Life, protecting Americans since 1968. The oldest pro- life organization, the largest pro-life organization. I say: We need you on this bill be-cause it is not going to move until you say you support it or the rest of Con-gress rises up in a very strong way. So here is their answer. They tweeted this out here a little while back: ‘‘Na-tional Right to Life does not oppose the Heartbeat bill.’’ That was their message: ‘‘. . . does not oppose. . . .’’ But in order for a piece of pro-life legislation to move—according to what I think is an archaic rule—it has to be unanimous. So that means Family Research Council, Susan B. Anthony List, and National Right to Life, if they all say, ‘‘We like this bill; we want to move it,’’ then H.R. 490, the Heartbeat bill, moves. If they don’t say they like the bill, it is a de facto veto that blocks the bill. So the will of 170 Members who signed on, and a good number of folks who are willing to vote for the bill who didn’t sign on, the will of the American people reflected in this constitutional Republic that we are, is all being sti-fled and frustrated by one organiza-tion. It happens to be the oldest and the largest pro-life organization in the United States of America: the National Right to Life. Since 1968, they say: ‘‘National Right to Life does not op-pose the Heartbeat bill.’’ That is H.R. 490. There is no doubt about that. I have had my conversations with Carol Tobias, and I have had my con-versations with David O’Steen. By the way, not in person, only by phone. We couldn’t get an in-person meeting. But a couple of their lawyers came in and we had that conversation, too. They all say the same thing. They all say: Well, our board doesn’t like the Heartbeat bill and doesn’t support the Heartbeat bill, so we can’t act unless our board tells us to act. I asked: So when was your last board meeting? They said: Oh, several months ago. And there won’t be another one until after the March for Life. This conversation took place the first week in December. So call a special board meeting be-cause this is important. The Heartbeat bill grew a lot more momentum than you ever thought it was going to. It wasn’t your idea, I know. I will give it to you as an idea if that is what Na-tional Right to Life wants. They can’t meet with their board. They can’t call a board meeting. They can’t poll their board. They have to wait until the next scheduled board meeting. Who are these board members? I don’t know. Fifty of them. Mr. Speaker, can you imagine 50 dedicated pro-life people in America who are on the board of National Right to Life and all of them sitting there in-transigently saying, ‘‘Nope, I don’t want to see the Heartbeat bill move. It is not something I want to do. I don’t support protecting babies from the mo-ment that a heartbeat can be de-tected’’? How in the world is it that you are the preeminent right to life organiza-tion in the country and the best you can say is you do not oppose the Heart-beat bill? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.069 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H777 February 5, 2018 
The real truth is, if you don’t oppose it, neither do you support it. What it really means is the National Right to Life does not support the Heartbeat bill for whatever those reasons are, Mr. Speaker. And I would sure like to know. Be-cause I think if you truly are pro-life, then there wouldn’t be a way you could sit there and say: I don’t want to pro-tect the babies that have a heartbeat. In fact, if I look through their tweets and their literature, and they are full of references to heartbeat. And I will get to that in a little bit, Mr. Speaker. But I wanted to hear from the gentleman from Texas and set the stage a little bit here. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING), my dear friend, for all of his work in this area; not just his work, but his leadership. I know his heart beats with a desire to make sure that any heart beating is protected. b2100 I heard a comedian on television this last night saying something about, ‘‘Yeah, so many years ago I had an abortion because it is my choice,’’ something of that order. The audience cheered and clapped. I thought, ‘‘A co-median?’’ My heart wasn’t angry. My heart just broke for that child. As my friend knows, my wife and I, our first child came 8 to 10 weeks early. They tried for 3 days to stop the con-tractions, and after 3 days it was clear our daughter was coming. Back then, it was far enough back that we really didn’t know if we were going to be able to keep her. The first day she was there in Tyler, we were losing her. I had had mal-practice cases as a judge that involved the condition. I know for preemies they don’t like to give too much extra oxy-gen because you get to 100 percent and it may cause blindness. It is a condi-tion called retrolental fibroplasia. The retina has not matured enough, and in the presence of oxygen, the blood ves-sels constrict and cause little fibers to come out and separate from the back of the wall. I knew all of that. I knew all about what was going on. When the pediatrician came in and tried to intubate our child, tried to get that tube in—he didn’t intubate a lot of children. He was just a wonderful, caring doctor. They lost her three times. The monitors went off. They got her going again, tried to get the tube in so they could get more oxygen to her little, undeveloped lungs. He didn’t know I was sitting there in the nursing station watching. It was like a horror movie. I was sorry I ever started watching it, but I could not leave until I found out how it came out. Also, they were praying for my child and the doctor’s hands and what he was doing. But he finally got her intubated and came out sweating profusely be-cause he had that little child’s life in his hands. I had already held our child. I could hold her in one hand. I was careful and preferred to use two. But anyway, he made clear we needed to take her either to Dallas or Shreve-port. At that time—now all kids, if they have to go somewhere, they go to Dallas, instate, from Tyler. But at that time, I said: Well, which is more successful? He said: It seems like the survival rate in Shreveport right now is a little better. I don’t know what it is now. But I said: Let’s get her to Shreve-port. So I wasn’t sure. Kathy had to stay in the hospital there in Tyler, but I fol-lowed the ambulance and made sure she was checked in. When I got over there, the doctor, I could understand why they had such a good survival rate. His name is Dr. Tsing. He, with one of the nurses, got me over to our daughter’s isolette. It is open-air. They had the monitors hooked up. They had the halo around her head piping in extra oxygen. He said: Please sit down here on this stool. He said: Now, you are probably aware that her eyes are not functioning prop-erly. She can’t recognize you when she opens her eyes and tries to see, but she knows your voice. She has been listen-ing to your voice for months. She knows you, and she is comforted by your voice because she knows you. So you sit here, and you talk to her, and you caress her little arms and face and talk to her, and you will do some good for her. They said: We have a 2-hour limit on how long you can sit here, and then you have to take a break for a couple hours and you can come back. The last thing Kathy had asked was that I do anything I could to help our little girl. So there I sat, and I caressed her little face. The danger of a child born pre-maturely, the number one danger is the lungs not being properly developed to get enough air in to actually keep the child alive. So her breathing from the first moment of birth was very, very shallow, and her heart rate was erratic, very fast. You could see it on the monitors, very shallow, very fast, and very erratic breathing and heart-beat. But she had a heartbeat. As the gentleman from Iowa has said many times, my friend, and Janet said many times: Gee, you walk in a room. You see a body not moving. You check to see if there is a heartbeat; and if there is a heartbeat, you know you have to call an ambulance. You have to do everything you can to try to keep that person living, which is, again, the principle behind the Heartbeat bill. Her heart was beating just so very fast and erratically, but when I was playing with her little hand, she took her whole hand, it wrapped around the end of my finger, and she held on tight. It was a tight grip. This was a child whose lungs are not working so well, eyes aren’t working that great, but she was holding on and holding tight. I was there for 3 or 4 hours before Dr. Tsing came back. When he came back, he said: Have you looked up at the monitors? I had not for a couple of hours or so. I looked up, and the breathing was very shallow, but it was no longer erratic. It had a regular beat, a regular rhythm to it. The heartbeat was still very fast, but it was not erratic. It was a regular heartbeat with a regular pattern. Dr. Tsing said: She is drawing strength from you. She is drawing life from you. I can tell you, when you know this little child is drawing life from you and strength from you, you don’t want to leave. Finally, after 8 hours, the nurses and the doctor came over. They said: You have to leave. It has been 8 hours. I said: I don’t want to leave. The monitors show she has a regular heart-beat, regular breathing. I don’t want to leave. They said: You were supposed to leave 6 hours ago. You have to leave now. Go somewhere. I did leave and went to McDonald’s. My heart was up there with our daugh-ter, and so I rear-ended a lady right there by McDonald’s. The policeman was very nice, and the lady that lived there in Shreveport was extremely nice, but I couldn’t wait to get back to our child. She is extraordinary, absolutely ex-traordinary in every way, one of the top artists in the world. She was cho-sen to be one of the first 12 artists that Swatch Art Peace Hotel dedicated to the arts in Shanghai, one of the first 12 they selected to live there as artist-in- residence from all over the world. She was one of the first 12—amazing talent. I think about the talent of so many, 60 million children. Every one of them had some kind of gift, and they are gone. I have appreciated the National Right to Life when I was in college, when I was out of college, and when I was a prosecutor after law school. When I was a practicing lawyer, local businessman, my own firm, I was elect-ed a judge, I never wavered in my ap-preciation of the National Right to Life. I want to make sure that people un-derstand, we also have a Texas Right to Life. It is not National Right to Life. It is its own organization. I have talked to the Grahams. The Grahams that head up the Texas Right to Life, God bless them. They have done incredible work, but they make clear, we don’t care whose bill it is, we don’t care who came up with the idea; if there is any bill that will prevent even one precious life from being aborted, that life being saved and al-lowed a chance to be loved and to love and to not be aborted, then they are on board. That is the way everybody I knew who is pro-choice, meaning you choose 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.071 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH778 February 5, 2018 
to live, that is the way I thought ev-erybody was. So it has been quite an awakening to be here in Washington and to have any groups, especially one that I put up on a pedestal for so many years, for decades now, that says: Our board doesn’t support a bill. We have a bill, the pain-capable bill, heck, any bill—pain-capable? Yes, sign me on—that saves 5 to 15 percent of abortions, count me in; I am there. Then, National Right to Life may save 80, 90 percent of the children who are being killed; count me in. I am in. I thought that is where everybody would be. I don’t know. I really don’t understand. If it is a turf battle, it wasn’t our idea. Why is it that any group doesn’t support saving an addi-tional life? I do read the Bible every day. I made that promise I would read the Bible, and I do that. I have just gone, again, through some of the Old Testament books, and when I read the prophets talk about how evil a society was, they said that this king did right in the eyes of the Lord, and this king did evil in the eyes of the Lord. When the writer wants to really illustrate the point that a society had become so evil that it was an abomination to God, they would point out that they sacrificed their children on the altar of an idol. I remember reading that as a kid, and I thought: What could be worse than that? I just cannot imagine a par-ent being willing to sacrifice their child. I can imagine my parents, lots of parents, fighting to the death to pro-tect their child, but I just couldn’t imagine how that could happen in these Old Testament days. Then I came to realize we have been doing that since the seventies. We have been sacrificing these children who could survive on their own on the altar of individual choice: I am too busy to do other things. I don’t have time for a child when there are parents begging for children to adopt. So I just appreciate so much my friend speaking up on behalf of the un-born. We have heard from our Demo-cratic friends so many times that a so-ciety is judged by the way they protect those who cannot protect themselves and help those who cannot protect themselves. Clearly, there is nobody more innocent and more in need of pro-tection than a child not quite born that someone wants to kill. So I appreciate my friend’s illumina-tion of what is going on. I thank him for his efforts not just tonight, but every day. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I so much thank the gentleman from Texas for that, indeed, heartfelt description of what it was like, that miracle little child who also is intelligent and beau-tiful as well as a world-class artist. Mr. Speaker, I stand here, and I don’t understand National Right to Life ei-ther. This is exactly what they are formed for. The Heartbeat bill, H.R. 490, is an exact fit, as near as I can de-termine, into their very mission state-ment. I made it a point to look up that mission statement, and I happen to have it here. The National Right to Life mission statement, Mr. Speaker, goes this way: ‘‘The mission of the National Right to Life is to protect and defend the most fundamental right of humankind, the right to life of every innocent human being from the beginning of life until natural death.’’ Now, if that is the National Right to Life’s position and mission, ‘‘from the beginning of life until natural death,’’ I certainly support that. I don’t think we disagree on when life begins. But one might read that statement literally to say ‘‘from the beginning of life until natural death’’ may be National Right to Life’s position is something other than the moment of fertilization or the moment of conception on when life be-gins because the mission statement doesn’t say ‘‘from the fertilization until natural death’’ or ‘‘conception until natural death.’’ It says, ‘‘from the beginning of life until natural death.’’ b2115 But I dig a little deeper. On their website, they have a statement that starts with a question: When does life begin? It answers its question this way: The life of a baby begins long before he or she is born. A new individual human being begins at fertilization when the sperm and ovum meet to form a single cell. Perfect. I agree with that answer. So the mission is to protect and de-fend the most fundamental right of hu-mankind, the right to life of every in-nocent human being, from the begin-ning of life to natural death, the Na-tional Right to Life’s mission state-ment, and they define the beginning of life as when, at fertilization, the sperm and ovum meet to form a single cell. There should be no argument any longer on where National Right to Life stands. They should be standing for protecting all innocent life, from fer-tilization to natural death. It is a fine, honorable position, and the history of National Right to Life has actually spoken to the heartbeat issue in the Heartbeat bill. For example, there was a Heartbeat bill that passed out of the North Da-kota State Legislature back in 2009. It went to a Federal circuit court. It was not upheld by that Federal circuit court. Just as I described a little ear-lier, the lower courts will not overturn a decision made by the Supreme Court. It has to be appealed to the Supreme Court level. This was not. But they were supporting the Heartbeat bill then. So they are on record supporting the Heartbeat bill, and here are a number of other times on their positions on heartbeat. Heartbeat has been showing up pret-ty often in the information that has come out of the National Right to Life. I would point out again their lead, Carol Tobias or David O’Steen. This is February, 5, 2013, Right to Life’s tweet that went out. It is @NRLC, if you want to send them a message. It says: An unborn child’s heartbeat is ‘‘the most beautiful music,’’ says Beyonce. I looked that up because I wondered what that was. Beyonce was pregnant. She actually had a miscarriage and lost that child. She loved that child be-fore that child was born. I don’t have any doubts that her heart was broken. But she said: An unborn child’s heartbeat is ‘‘the most beautiful music.’’ That is posted on National Right to Life’s Twitter page. That is February 2013. Here is a July 2013 Tweet from them: Unborn babies can feel pain, they can dream, they have a heartbeat, they re-spond to their mother’s voice. Abortion ends their life. It looks like National Right to Life understands the importance of a heart-beat. I think they know something that I think I also know: that beating heart is in our ears now. Many of us have heard that beating heart on ultrasound. When we hear that on ultrasound, we know that that is life. We also know that if that heart-beat can be detected and the baby is protected, that baby has at least a 95 percent chance of a successful birth. So that is how viable that baby is at 6 weeks with a heartbeat. Here is another Tweet, September 24, 2014, from Right to Life’s Twitter ac-count: Listen to an unborn baby’s heartbeat at just 6 weeks. Just the amount of time I gave it. Another heartbeat message, going on down the line, this is 2014, also, a Right to Life tweet: Did you know, babies by 20 weeks can feel pain? They already have a heartbeat and detectable brainwaves by then. That is the Pain-Capable bill that just failed in the Senate. Heartbeat about 6 weeks. So they are telling us this heartbeat matters. A heartbeat is a sure sign of life. If there is a heart beating there, there is a live baby there—a baby with a 95 percent chance, or better, of a successful birth. Moving on in 2014, also. Here is Carol Tobias, the lead in the National Right to Life. She tweets out on this day, 24 March 2014: New smartphone appcessory allows moms to hear un-born child’s heartbeat. I am glad that we noticed this. It is important that we know that. That is the place where these heartbeat sounds have been texted to me from young mothers who are at 6, 7, or 8 weeks along. They will send me the sound of that heartbeat. It comes on my phone, and I can open that up and I can hear that heartbeat surging at, say, 158 beats per minute. That is one of the most precious things that came to me about 2
1⁄2weeks ago; 158 beats per minute. Here is the next tweet, February 2015. This is an abortionist. The National Right to Life’s tweet is quoting an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.073 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H779 February 5, 2018 
abortionist who said: ‘‘I know that the fetus is alive during the process’’— meaning the process of abortion—‘‘. . . I can see fetal heartbeat on the ultrasound.’’ I can see the heartbeat on the ultrasound. That abortionist stops that beating heart that ends the life of that baby. But this is why Right to Life put this up. They know that heartbeat beats also in our conscience. It beats in theirs. They want to stop abortions. That is their mission statement. They are the oldest organization in the country, the largest organization in the country. The Heartbeat bill couldn’t more per-fectly fit their mission statement, their cause for being, or the messages that come out here time after time in what one would presume would be lay-ing down the predicate for the Heart-beat bill itself. Here is another one from Right to Life. Their tweet says: I have a heart-beat. It is a baby. It continues: I have detectable brainwaves. I can feel pain. Don’t I de-serve human rights? Yes, as soon as we can possibly pro-vide them and stop this carnage of abortion. Don’t I deserve the human right to life, is what this quote is, the National Right to Life. Going on to another tweet, this one is in November of 2017. There is a con-tinuum here that brings this through to 2017. The National Right to Life’s tweet says: Did you know an unborn child’s heartbeat starts around 20 days into a pregnancy? Most mothers don’t even know they are pregnant by that time. It is not easily detectable. It is not detectable by the technology we call for in the Heartbeat bill, but that is how early that is. The Knights of Columbus has put up billboards that say: My heart began beating at 18 days. We all start small. Abortion stops a beating heart. Heart, heart, heart. It rings in our conscience. It should ring in the con-science of National Right to Life. Here is National Right to Life in their tweets: Heartbeat; heartbeat; heartbeat; heartbeat; heartbeat. Why not support the Heartbeat bill? You are actually doing so verbally here, but you go back to this canard: the National Right to Life does not want to—they want to say oppose; but, instead, I say it is more appropriate to say do not support the Heartbeat bill. Why? It is beyond my comprehension how an organization that has these kind of convictions cannot be supporting the Heartbeat bill. We have polling that tells us where this stands. It is a majority opinion all the way across the board. In a Barna poll taken in 2017, 69 percent of adults support the Heartbeat bill. Actually, it has slightly more polling support than the Pain-Capable bill that has already passed the House and just failed in the Senate, but with a majority vote. Sixty-nine percent of adults support the Heartbeat bill, 86 percent of Repub-licans, and 55 percent of Democrats. Even pro-choice/pro-abortion Demo-crats, the people who vote for them, support them, also support the Heart-beat bill with what we call a landslide level, if it were an election, and 61 per-cent of Independents. Eighty-six percent of Republicans support Heartbeat, 55 percent of Demo-crats, and 61 percent of Independents support the Heartbeat bill. We are get-ting down to the place here where it is making even less and less sense that National Right to Life would not sup-port the Heartbeat bill. There is another big set of reasons here. Mr. Speaker, this isn’t the whole set of reasons. This is maybe half, maybe not quite half the set of reasons. Not only 170 Members of Congress have signed onto this bill, and a good number of them that will vote for it on the whip card on top of that, but 130 pro-life organizations and leaders sup-port the Heartbeat bill, H.R. 490. You can’t read this from very far away because we tried to jam as many names on there as we could. There is another sheet and probably at least an-other one behind that. It is 130 pro-life organizations. We look down through that, and who are we missing? I couldn’t come up with anybody that we were missing, as far as supporting this, other than the National Right to Life. I am looking on top here. Here is Susan B. Anthony List at the top of the list. Here is Tony Perkins, the president of the Family Research Council. These are the top three orga-nizations right here that some have re-ferred to as the Holy Trinity that con-trol pro-life legislation and whether it comes to the United States Congress or not, whether the will of the people can be realized as being stuck right here in red. So we put this in red. I held this back and reserved this spot on the sheet for Carol Tobias of the National Right to Life. Just pick up the phone and call the Speaker is all, Mr. Speaker, that Carol Tobias needs to do and the Heart-beat bill comes to the floor of the House and the will of the people can be reflected. It can go over to the Senate, it can sit on M
ITCH MCCONNELL ’s desk, and they can have a vote over there and we will find out where those Sen-ators all are. If it doesn’t pass on the floor of the Senate, there might just be some new Senators sent in who will protect innocent, unborn human life. So I can go down the list. Lila Rose, the president of Life Action, a strong supporter, enthusiastic supporter of the Heartbeat bill. Tom McCluskey, March for Life. We have sat down and had a conversation. He is supporting of this. Then we have got Kristan Hawkins, the president of Student for Life. On down the line. Anita Staver, president of the Liberty Council; Ed Martin, president of the Phyllis Schlafly’s or-ganization, Eagle Forum. He is the Ea-gle’s president. He solidly supports the Heartbeat Bill. In fact, he was there in that church that day that we put that plan together and has been a driving force. But the real, strongest driving force of all is Janet Porter, the president of Faith2Action. Janet Porter really car-ried this in the State of Ohio. I went to Ohio to help conclude that. What we found out in the State of Ohio is that not only did the Heartbeat bill pass in Ohio, Mr. Speaker, but it passed over the resistance of the local affiliate of National Right to Life. They will tell me, and David O’Steen told me, they are not in control of their State organizations. You heard Congressman GOHMERT address that, also. The State organizations kind of run their own show. But when it was resisted in Ohio, it made no sense. They lobbied John Ka-sich to veto the bill. Why? Under the grounds that it would be found unconstitutional by the Supreme Court in Ohio. Seriously? Do we go through all that work and then just decide we are going to pre-empt the court decision, pass a law, sign it into law, and save the babies’ lives? Every step we take along the way saves lives. Keith Rothfus made an argument that I want to give him credit for. He said that even just debating the Heart-beat bill saves lives, because the debate causes people to talk about it, to think about it differently, and to make dif-ferent decisions about the lives that they are in charge of protecting, and that is the innocent unborn lives. So here we are with 130 pro-life orga-nizations and leaders supporting the Heartbeat bill, H.R. 490. We look down through this list—and I will put it all public, if it needs be, Mr. Speaker—but I saved a spot up here in red for Carol Tobias and David O’Steen and the Na-tional Right to Life. Just give us a call. Send me an email, a text. Pick up the phone. Call the Speaker. We will move this bill, and we will save lives together. Meanwhile, if that doesn’t happen, I am going to continue to ask the ques-tion: How in the world can you not sup-port this bill? How in the world can the Nation’s preeminent pro-life organization, the National Right to Life, who says they do not oppose the Heartbeat bill, and I say they do not support the Heartbeat bill, how can that be? How can you form 50 people on a board of directors, all of them pledged and dedicated to your mission state-ment to protect life from the beginning of life to natural death, and not find one among those 50 who support the Heartbeat bill, when 170 cosponsors are already on it here in the House of Rep-resentatives and multiple others are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.074 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH780 February 5, 2018 
standing up ready to vote for the bill, and not one among your board supports the Heartbeat bill? There is something wrong. There is something wrong inside an organiza-tion. Those statements came both from Carol Tobias and David O’Steen. Maybe there were a couple along the way, there is a little clause in there, but generally this: Who on your board sup-ports the bill? You can’t name any. That is essen-tially it. b2130 If that is the case, Mr. Speaker, then there is something seriously wrong in the National Right to Life and some-thing that seriously needs to be cor-rected because there are babies who must be protected. If a heartbeat can be detected, the baby is protected, and we need the support of the entire pro- life community in order to get this leg-islation moved out of the House and over to the Senate, to the President’s desk. It will eventually get before a Su-preme Court. We will eventually have one or two more appointments to that Supreme Court. It has got a shot today. It is clearly more constitutional than the pain-capable legislation because it is precisely drafted with these things all in mind. It is a solid case to go be-fore the Supreme Court. I would say, instead, there is no rea-son to litigate it, but I kind of think it will be because the enemies to life liti-gate everything that saves and pro-tects lives. But these little babies are too precious, they are too unique, they are too miraculous for us to waste a minute in protecting their lives. I want every little baby that has got a heart-beat, have every little baby have that chance to be born, that chance to live, to love, to laugh, to learn, to worship, to be a parent of its own, and to be a gift from God to this country, to this planet, and to posterity. That is the miracle of every little child. When Congressman G
OHMERT spoke of being able to hold his little daughter in one hand, that sacred, protected lit-tle girl now has grown into a glorious and beautiful and intelligent woman who is contributing to this society and to this world, and that is true for ev-eryone where all give glory to God. But 60 million babies—60 million babies— cannot continue. We have to put an end to this atrocity of abortion. The Heartbeat bill, H.R. 490, does that, and there is only one entity standing in the way, and that is Na-tional Right to Life. And I plead with you, and I pray that you will come around to support. Your history says that is who you are and what you do, and it is time, now, to get on the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair and not to a per-ceived viewing audience. CELEBRATING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FAMILY AND MED-ICAL LEAVE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) until 10 p.m. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, first, I take a moment to acknowledge that we cel-ebrate the 25th anniversary of the Family and Medical Leave Act. Signed into law February 5, 1993, FMLA estab-lished the right for many workers to take an unpaid leave from work for se-rious illness, adoption, or to care for newborns or family members. Unfortunately, unpaid leave is still inaccessible for 63 percent of working Floridians because they are ineligible for the FMLA or cannot afford to take unpaid leave. This means 63 percent of Florida’s families face an impossible choice: work or family responsibilities. Failure to guarantee paid family leave not only hurts our economy, it hurts our families, and it is women who suffer most. In Florida, 79 percent of Black mothers, 56 percent of Latina mothers, and 53 percent of White moth-ers are key family breadwinners. Paid family leave means these mothers can stay in the labor force and care for their families’ medical needs. We must also think about our sen-iors, medical circumstances arising from military service, and those in need of support battling addiction. Paid leave not only supports American families, it boosts economic activity. We must expand FMLA to cover more workers for the next 25 years and be-yond. 
HONORING BLACK HISTORY MONTH  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I take a mo-ment to reflect on the invaluable con-tributions of African Americans and what they have done throughout our Nation’s history and for our commu-nity in central Florida. We are incredibly blessed to stand on the shoulders of so many greats who have come before us. We give thanks to Dr. King, Rosa Parks, my colleague, the legendary Congressman J
OHN L
EWIS, to A. Philip Randolph, and so many others who have been critical he-roes in this story, countless brave men and women whom we honor for de-manding equality for all. Today, I want to celebrate and honor the leaders in central Florida who have influenced and continue to make an impact throughout their day-to-day lives in our community. They are an inspirational group who remind us that America is made stronger and greater by the countless contributions of our African-American community. 
RECOGNIZING RICHARD HALL  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Black History Month, I recognize Mr. Richard Hall. Mr. Hall is one of the original Tuskegee Airmen, the coun-try’s first Black military aviators in the U.S. Air Force—back then, the U.S. Army Air Corps. Born in Georgia, Hall moved to cen-tral Florida with his parents when he was 5 months old. A graduate of the Robert Hungerford Boarding School in Eatonville, Hall received a 4-year scholarship to Xavier University in New Orleans, Louisiana. He joined the Army Air Force Reserves and, in 1942, was sent to fight in World War II in France. Mr. Hall was among the first African- American chief master sergeants after integration in 1949. He served his coun-try for over three decades and com-pleted tours on four continents, includ-ing the Korean and Vietnam wars, as well as World War II. In 2007, Mr. Hall, along with other Tuskegee Airmen, received the Con-gressional Gold Medal from President George W. Bush, and in central Florida, he was honored with a life-sized sculp-ture that sits outside of Hannibal Her-itage Center in Winter Park. Mr. Hall retired to Maitland in the 1980s and continues to call central Florida his home. I was honored to be able to interview Mr. Hall last week for the Library of Congress Veterans History Project, and it was an absolutely amazing story of a man from central Florida who traveled around the world defending our coun-try and finally made it back home. RECOGNIZING ELIZABETH JONES  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Black History Month, I recognize Eliz-abeth Jones. Mrs. Jones was born in 1942, in Savannah, Georgia. She made her career in military banking from Bank of America and retired with 29 years of experience in managing sup-port for our soldiers in Germany. Betty arrived in Orlando and started working for Presidential campaigns by volunteering on phone banks to get out the vote. She also worked for various candidates who were running for office by distributing campaign literature and helping the Orange County Demo-cratic Executive Committee. As a member of the Orange County Demo-cratic Executive Committee, she be-came the precinct representative for her community in Wedgefield. In March 2016, Elizabeth joined the Orange County Democratic Hispanic Caucus and was elected to the execu-tive board. She became a very active member within the Hispanic Caucus by registering new voters, being engaged in Orange County, and supporting var-ious initiatives within the Hispanic community. Elizabeth also volunteers for various organizations within her community, including Give Kids the World in Kis-simmee, which cares for children with cancer; the VA hospital in Lake Nona that we are proud to have in our dis-trict to serve our veterans; and the Florida Baptist Mobile Dental Bus for communities that are disenfranchised and in need of free dental care. She has been volunteering for the mobile den-tist bus with her husband for more than 5 years. Ms. Jones, we honor you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.076 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H781 February 5, 2018 
RECOGNIZING STEWART MOORE  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Black History Month, I recognize Stew-art Moore. Stewart Moore coanchors WESH 2 News on CW 18 and has been an important voice for the central Florida community. He joined the WESH news team in August of 2011. He is originally from Rock Hill, South Carolina. Since arriving in central Florida, Stewart has made a tremendous impact on our local community. He volunteers at schools, sits on multiple community boards, and has moderated several townhall discussions on major issues in our community. While at WESH, Stewart has won two Emmys and two Associated Press awards for his breaking news coverage of the Pulse nightclub shooting and as a member of the team that won an Ed-ward R. Murrow Award for the same coverage. He has covered major stories, including the George Zimmerman trial, Pulse shooting, and the 2012 and 2016 Presidential elections. Before joining WESH, Stewart worked as a morning anchor in South Carolina and WTXL in Tallahassee, Florida. At WTXL, he began reporting and anchoring while still in college at Florida State University. He majored in creative writing and minored in communications. Stewart also interned at CNN in At-lanta. In South Carolina, Stewart won a consumer reporting award for his pro-file of a South Carolina shrimper and covered the 2008 Presidential election. A news junkie who keeps us all in-formed, Stewart is a vital voice and an exemplary member of our central Flor-ida community. Stewart, we honor you. 
RECOGNIZING ROXANNE ‘‘ROXSY ’’ HARVEY  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Black History Month, I recognize Rox-anne ‘‘Roxsy’’ Harvey. Roxanne Harvey is currently the president of the Demo-cratic Women’s Club of Osceola Coun-ty. She is the senior pastor of the Real Love Christian Center, an inter-national missionary, recording artist, and a prolific motivational speaker. As president of the DWCOC, Roxanne has had the honor of uniting people of this great community by recruiting new members, mentoring, educating, empowering others, and uniting the Democratic Party through events and education. Roxanne established Real Love Inter-national, where her overall vision is to help people discover and develop new skills that will enable them to move from poverty into abundant living, from helplessness to hopelessness, and from victims to victorious living through ministry, education, and moti-vation. She developed programs such as Transformation Technology Station, a 6-week computer training program that assists and educates low-income and at-risk families in computer tech-nology, and Diamonds in the Rough, a mentoring program to help at-risk teenage girls between the ages of 13 and 18 years of age to help develop self- esteem, academic achievement, social and interpersonal skills, and a spiritual foundation. As a result of this explosive dedica-tion, she has held crusades, clinics, and fed the poor in various countries such as England, Ireland, Scotland, Hon-duras, in my family’s native island of Puerto Rico in the United States, Ja-maica, Uganda, Africa, and has led thousands of people to hope, purpose, destiny, and, most of all, God. Wherever Roxanne goes, she exhorts and encourages people to arise to their divine calling and destiny. Roxanne, we honor you. RECOGNIZING SHAWN W . KINSEY  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Black History Month, I recognize Shawn W. Kinsey. Shawn Kinsey is a true example of a servant leader in the city of Winter Haven, Polk County, in the State of Florida. He is the current chairman of the Polk County Democratic Executive Committee and is the incoming chair of the Democratic County Chairs Asso-ciation. He has been the president of East Central Polk Democratic Club and of Polk County Democratic Black Cau-cus, as well as assistant secretary for the Florida State Conference of the NAACP and board member at large. Moreover, Shawn is a member of the Winter Haven Public Education Part-nership board of directors and the im-mediate past president of the Winter Haven branch of the NAACP. Lastly, he was the past president for the Democratic Black Caucus of Flor-ida and Polk County Executive Com-mittee in which he was recognized as the Lawton Chiles Outstanding Demo-cratic Man of the Year. Shawn attended and graduated from St. Joseph’s Catholic School in Winter Haven and Santa Fe Catholic High School in Lakeland, Florida. After graduating from high school, he attended Florida A&M University and the University of Phoenix, where he received respective degrees in busi-ness administration and health admin-istration. Shawn’s consistent community in-volvement is clearly based upon his heartfelt commitment to contribute to the overall uplifting and engagement of all residents of Polk County in the State of Florida. Shawn, we honor you. 
RECOGNIZING RHETTA PEOPLES  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Black History Month, I recognize Rhetta Peoples. Rhetta Peoples has been working in the community as a community activist, journalist, and volunteering to help get voters to the polls and beyond with a career span-ning back to the 1990s in media. As a volunteer, Rhetta helped can-didates get and maintain direct access to voters in central Florida all along the I–4 corridor through grassroots marketing and the promotion of fo-rums and townhalls. Rhetta also served as president of a thriving nonprofit or-ganization, and she is a small-business owner. She began studying media and mar-keting in high school and graduated from Florida A&M University, major-ing in broadcast journalism. During college, she worked as a radio an-nouncer in Tallahassee and with Cox Radio in Orlando. Rhetta takes pride in being an award-winning journalist for the Black press because she says writing for Univision’s The Root and an Orlando- based newspaper, the Florida Sun, unites her with the community. Rhetta also studied the history of clinical trials in African Americans as a fellow at the University of Maryland in Baltimore and was awarded the out-standing reporter award for the Florida Public Health Association for excel-lence in communications and reporting in public health issues. b2145 After working for Post-Newsweek, CBS, Cox Communications, and Comcast, Rhetta decided to start her own marketing and public relations firm. Rhetta, we honor you. RECOGNIZING DAWN CHANTEL CURTIS  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Black History Month, I want to recog-nize Dawn Chantel Curtis. Dawn Curtis is a native of a small urban town called Franklinton, Lou-isiana. She has worked with the gov-ernment sector for over 15 years. In conjunction with the government sec-tor, she has also worked with nonprofit providers to help them build relation-ships in organizations within the com-munity. Dawn has experience with as-sisting nonprofit committee boards in clarifying their organizational goals and identifying the leadership quali-fications necessary to achieve those goals. In addition to her professional expe-rience with governmental and non-profit agencies, Dawn is an active board member with a number of com-munity organizations. She currently serves as the first vice president of the Orange County Democratic Black Cau-cus, treasurer for the Orange County Democratic Executive Committee, and secretary for the National Congress of Black Women. Dawn is a member of the NAACP, where she serves as a member-at-large and is the chair of the Environmental Justice Committee. She is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incor-porated, Psi Theta Omega Chapter, where she serves as the co-chair of the Strategic Planning Committee. Dawn received a bachelor of science degree from Florida State University and a master’s degree in business ad-ministration and human resources from the University of Phoenix. Dawn serves her community with great humanity and passion. She feels it is her moral obligation to give back to the community. Therefore, she has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.078 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH782 February 5, 2018 
dedicated her life to service and com-munity activism. Dawn, we honor you. 
RECOGNIZING WANDA FAYE HOWARD  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Black History Month, I want to recog-nize Wanda Faye Howard. Wanda Howard is a Lake Wales na-tive. She became the first African- American female president of the Lake Wales branch of the NAACP. Prior to that, she was the former youth adviser of many years for the Lake Wales NAACP Youth Council. Wanda has been a member of the Delta Sigma Theta Lakeland Alumnae Chapter since spring of 1998. At the re-gional level, she served on the regional committee in Tennessee and program planning and development at various regional and national conventions. Wanda has been a school volunteer at two schools in Lake Wales, Florida. She was once a member of the League of Women Voters of Polk County and spent time volunteering at the Lake Wales Boys and Girls Club. She enjoys giving her time, talent, and resources to the Lake Wales NAACP ACT–SO and Back to School/Stay in School pro-grams. Wanda is also a very active member of her church, the Allen Tem-ple African Methodist Episcopal Church in Lake Wales, Florida. Ms. Howard continues to visit with the Boys and Girls Club of Lake Wales, Florida, to talk with them about civil rights and Black history. Wanda, we honor you. 
RECOGNIZING DR . J.A. WILTSHIRE  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Black History Month, I want to recog-nize Dr. J.A. Wiltshire. Dr. J.A. Wiltshire is the first Afri-can-American physician in Lake Wales. He was born in New Jersey and served in the Army Specialized Training Pro-gram from 1943 until 1946, reaching the rank of second lieutenant. While serving in the Army, he earned his bachelor’s degree from Fisk Univer-sity in Tennessee and entered Meharry Medical College, graduating with hon-ors in 1946. Dr. Wiltshire moved to Tal-lahassee to become the chief of staff at Florida A&M University’s hospital in 1947. He moved to Lake Wales in 1948 and opened up his practice on B Street, later moving to another office on 1st Avenue. Dr. Wiltshire delivered an amazing 2,500 babies in almost 50 years of prac-ticing medicine in Lake Wales before retiring in 1995. His wife, Laura, said that he never turned away a patient and always stayed past office hours and made a lot of night house calls. Dr. Wiltshire was a member of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity; Post Number 213 of the American Legion; and the Imperial Twenty-Five Club, a Bartow social club; and many other or-ganizations, as well as helping the community with housing and medical care. In 1984, he received the Annual Med-ical Award from the Polk County Chap-ter of the United Negro College Fund. Dr. Wiltshire was chosen as Lake Wales Citizen of the Year in 1988. In 2004, a street in Lake Wales was named after him: Dr. J.A. Wiltshire Avenue. Dr. Wiltshire, we honor you. NATIONAL DEBT  
Mr. SOTO. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I would like to talk a little bit about the national debt and what we see going into 2018. It was reported this week that the U.S. Government is set to borrow over $1 trillion in 2018—approximately $955 billion—which is an 84 percent increase from 2017. The Congressional Budget Office re-ports quite clearly: Tax receipts are going to be lower because of the new tax law. This is increasing bond yields, which is directly related to the recent stockmarket decline of nearly 1,800 points that we have seen over the last 2 days of trading, because we see higher interest rates, the highest for bonds since 2014. As a result, we have been watching a precipitous decline—the largest in American history—by actual number of points. President Trump’s Department of the Treasury forecasts borrowing over $1 trillion in 2019 and over $1.1 trillion in 2020. President Trump has described him-self as the ‘‘King of Debt,’’ despite campaigning on reducing the national debt. What we worry about is that the tax plan will be mortgaging our future for today. And guess who pays the bill? Our children, who will have to repay a massive debt; our seniors, who could face cuts to Medicare and Social Secu-rity; and every American, due to a de-clining economy. We must take this seriously. And $1 trillion being doubled the year before and going over $1 trillion next year, and $1.1 trillion the following year is not sustainable for our Nation. I en-courage all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come together to fix this growing crushing debt before it is too late. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
OHEN (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of flight delay. Ms. K
APTUR (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of flight delay. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 52 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, February 6, 2018, at 9 a.m. for morning-hour debate. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 3888. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-232, ‘‘Historic Anacostia Vacant Properties Surplus Declaration and Disposi-tion Authorization Temporary Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3889. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-231, ‘‘Paul Devrouax Way Designation Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1778. A bill to provide that an order by the Secretary of the Inte-rior imposing a moratorium on Federal coal leasing shall not take effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–545). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 725. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 772) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to im-prove and clarify certain disclosure require-ments for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A; pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1153) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to im-prove upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mort-gage transaction; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4771) to raise the consoli-dated assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (Rept. 115–546). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. MITCHELL (for himself and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER ): H.R. 4921. A bill to require the Surface Board of Transportation to implement cer-tain recommendations of the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Transportation; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 4922. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to list fentanyl analogues as schedule I controlled substances; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 4923. A bill to make exclusive the au-thority of the Federal Government to regu-late the labeling of products made in the United States and introduced in interstate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.080 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H783 February 5, 2018 
or foreign commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HARPER (for himself, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. B YRNE , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi-ana): H.R. 4924. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the procedures provided under such Act for the initiation, investigation, and resolution of claims alleging that employing offices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protections provided to their em-ployees under such Act, including protec-tions against sexual harassment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Oversight and Government Re-form, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself and Mr. M
ITCHELL ): H.R. 4925. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Federal Railroad Administra-tion to implement certain recommendations for management and collection of railroad safety data; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and Mr. C
ICILLINE ): H.R. 4926. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for carbon diox-ide and other greenhouse gas emission fees, reduce the rate of the corporate income tax, provide tax credits to workers, deliver addi-tional benefits to retired and disabled Amer-icans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure, Veterans’ Affairs, Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Work-force, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 4927. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to limit the authority of dis-trict courts to provide injunctive relief, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 4928. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide that the United States district court for the District of Co-lumbia shall have exclusive jurisdiction over actions arising under the immigration laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. C OOPER , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. S
CHRADER , and Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois): H.R. 4929. A bill to amend the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Im-provement Act of 2012, including making changes to the Do Not Pay Initiative, for im-proved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 4930. A bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act with respect to Federal assist-ance to individuals and households, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. HARPER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. F
OSTER ): H.R. 4931. A bill to establish the Transition to Independence demonstration program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. W IL-
SON of Florida, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. P
AYNE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , and Ms. M
CCOLLUM ): H.R. 4932. A bill to address the disparate impact of climate change on women and sup-port the efforts of women globally to address climate change, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 4933. A bill to prohibit the use of Fed-eral funds to implement the policy changes in the notices terminating temporary status for natives of Nicaragua, Haiti, and El Sal-vador, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 4934. A bill to prohibit assistance to the Government of Pakistan, and to require the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to transfer amounts to the Highway Trust Fund equivalent to historic levels of assistance to Pakistan; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. R
USH, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia, and Ms. M
OORE ): H.R. 4935. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a penalty for assault against journalists, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.J. Res. 128. A joint resolution making a further extension of continuing appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H. Con. Res. 102. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the birth of Frederick Douglass; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. S CHNEI -
DER, Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mrs. L
OWEY , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey): H. Con. Res. 103. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. M OORE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. B ASS, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. L EE, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. O’R
OURKE , and Ms. L OFGREN ): H. Res. 723. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of February 5, 2018, through February 9, 2018, as ‘‘National School Counseling Week’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HARPER (for himself, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. B YRNE , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi-ana): H. Res. 724. A resolution requiring each employing office of the House of Representa-tives to adopt an anti-harassment and anti- discrimination policy for the office’s work-place, establishing the Office of Employee Advocacy to provide legal assistance and consultation to employees of the House re-garding procedures and proceedings under the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Ethics, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, private bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 4936. A bill for the relief of Joel Perez Hernandez; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 4937. A bill for the relief of Ravidath Lawrence Ragbir; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. MITCHELL: H.R. 4921. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 4922. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L05FE7.100 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH784 February 5, 2018 
By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 4923. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 4924. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 5 of the United States Constitution ‘‘Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do Business; but a smaller Number may adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Man-ner, and under such Penalties as each House may provide. Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for dis-orderly Behaviour, and, with the Concur-rence of two thirds, expel a Member. Each House shall keep a Journal of its Pro-ceedings, and from time to time publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal.’’ By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: H.R. 4925. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 4926. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 4927. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. Constitution states that The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization.’’ By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 4928. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. Constitution states that The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization.’’ By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 4929. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 4930. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 4931. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. LEE: H.R. 4932. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress Under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 4933. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common De-fense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof’’ Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. . .’’ By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 4934. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 4935. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 4936 Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the constitution, its amendments, and all Supreme Court Deci-sions relevant to the Article. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 4937 Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.J. Res. 128. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 66: Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 364: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 365: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 389: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 547: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 692: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 754: Mr. K
IHUEN and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 771: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 807: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 812: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 820: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 846: Mr. VELA, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. M AST, and Mr. H AS-
TINGS . H.R. 850: Mr. A
MASH . H.R. 878: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 881: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 1192: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 1266: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 1300: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1434: Mrs. H
ANDEL and Mr. W OODALL . H.R. 1439: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 1441: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 1447: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 1531: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1559: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 1563: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ULTGREN , and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1618: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1752: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 1753: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 1903: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1910: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 2004: Mr. M
ARSHALL and Mr. S ANFORD . H.R. 2166: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 2259: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 2317: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. C OOK, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 2318: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2345: Mr. R
USH, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. F OS-
TER, and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2452: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2575: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2583: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2591: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 2599: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2623: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 2646: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 2666: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2670: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 2712: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 2740: Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 2778: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 2801: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2886: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2893: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 2991: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 2996: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 3032: Mr. B
UCHANAN and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 3197: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 3222: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 3263: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3301: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 3378: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 3458: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 3497: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3504: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 3505: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 3513: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 3528: Mrs. W
ALORSKI and Mr. N OR-
CROSS . H.R. 3545: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 3617: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3641: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 3654: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mrs. D
INGELL , and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3692: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 3751: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 3770: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3792: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 3832: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 3842: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 3889: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 3913: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 3942: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3976: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. C ALVERT , and Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.009 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H785 February 5, 2018 
H.R. 3984: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4006: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 4074: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4099: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 4143: Mr. C
OOK, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. R
ASKIN , and Mr. B OST. H.R. 4198: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4206: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 4207: Mr. L
ANCE and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 4221: Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4238: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 4253: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 4306: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 4384: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 4413: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 4421: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4426: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 4474: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4505: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 4527: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia. H.R. 4547: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 4548: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 4574: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4575: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 4582: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 4631: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 4677: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4704: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 4706: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4720: Mr. K
NIGHT and Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 4736: Mr. H
UIZENGA . H.R. 4820: Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 4822: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 4828: Mr. F
ASOand Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 4831: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. K
ATKO , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 4840: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 4844: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 4851: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 4860: Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, and Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 4884: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 4886: Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. H
ULTGREN , and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 4887: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4906: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Ms. L EE. H. Res. 31: Mr. G
OMEZ . H. Res. 129: Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. C
ONAWAY . H. Res. 157: Mr. Y
ODER . H. Res. 466: Mr. K
ILDEE and Ms. D ELAURO . H. Res. 545: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 652: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico, and Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H. Res. 661: Mr. D
EUTCH . H. Res. 700: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. N
OLAN , and Mr. G ALLEGO . H. Res. 711: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H. Res. 713: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 721: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H. Res. 722: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, and Mr. N ADLER . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MR. FRELINGHUYSEN  H.J. Res. 128, making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes, does not contain any con-gressional earmark, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.006 H05FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S595 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2018 No. 22 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God our rock, we look to You for safety in a chaotic world. We are grate-ful that You hear our prayers, respond-ing to our requests for help. Be a shield for our Senators, pro-tecting them from dangers seen and unseen. As they put their trust in You, fill them with Your Spirit, giving them confidence in the unfolding of Your powerful providence. Lord, remind them that no weapon formed against them will ultimately prosper. Lead them like a shepherd beside still waters, as You fill their hearts with Your peace. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The Senator from Utah. 
f 
NOMINATION OF ANDREI IANCU Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise in support of the nomination of Andrei Iancu to be Under Secretary of Com-merce for Intellectual Property and Di-rector of the U.S. Patent and Trade-mark Office. USPTO is critically important. It is a critically important agency that stands at the crossroads of innovation, technology, and property rights. It is tasked with ensuring that our laws properly compensate ingenuity and in-vention, while at the same time stop-ping bad actors who seek to game the system. Intellectual property has been a focus of mine throughout my entire Senate service. Early in my tenure, I authored the Hatch-Waxman Act, which made possible the rise of the modern generic drug industry. More re-cently, I played a key role in the Amer-ica Invents Act, which rebalanced our patent system to ensure high-quality patents and reduce abusive litigation. Just last Congress, I authored the De-fend Trade Secrets Act, a landmark piece of legislation that created a fed-eral private cause of action to prevent trade secret theft and other nefarious activity. I have also led the charge against patent trolling—the practice of buying up patents solely for the purpose of bringing lawsuits—and argued force-fully that forum shopping in patent cases must not be allowed. I was grati-fied to see the Supreme Court last year strike a blow against abusive forum shopping in its TC Heartland decision. In my remaining months here in this body, I intend to continue ahead full- bore on intellectual property reform. Digital music licensing, royalties for visual artists, and online filtering are just a few of my intellectual property priorities for this year. Given my focus on intellectual prop-erty, I take a keen interest in the Pat-ent and Trademark Office and in the individual selected to run the office. I have to say that I couldn’t be more pleased by President Trump’s nomina-tion of Andrei Iancu to be the next USPTO Director. Andrei has an extensive background in patent litigation. He is a partner at Irell & Manella, one of the Nation’s leading intellectual property law firms. For 6 years, he was the firm’s man-aging partner. Andrei has represented clients across the spectrum, from tech companies to drug manufacturers to aerospace firms. He understands all sides of patent law because he has liti-gated all sides. In an area fraught with allegiances to particular industries or groups, Andrei can bring a neutral, unbiased perspective because he has already had to approach issues from so many dif-ferent angles. Andrei has been named a leader in in-tellectual property and patent law by Chambers USA every year for the last 11 years. He has been named attorney of the year by California Lawyer and lawyer of the year by the Los Angeles Business Journal. His bona fides are top notch. I have full confidence that Andrei will make an outstanding USPTO Director. Subject-matter eligibility, PTAB re-form, and continued controversies over forum shopping are just a handful of the issues that will soon be coming across his desk. There will also be questions about fee setting, fee diver-sion, and IT modernization. As I move forward on my intellectual property priorities this year, I look forward to working with Andrei and his future colleagues at USPTO to make our pat-ent and trademark system the best it can possibly be. We owe it to the American people to ensure that our intellectual property laws keep pace with our rapidly chang-ing world. That has always been one of my chief focuses here in this body, and it will continue to be so throughout the rest of my term. f 
DATA PRIVACY Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I would also like to take a couple of minutes to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE6.000 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES596 February 5, 2018 
discuss a bill that I will be introducing with Senators C
OONS , G RAHAM , and W
HITEHOUSE called the Clarify Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act, or the CLOUD Act. It is a tremendously im-portant bill that will help to solve the problems that have arisen in recent years with cross-border law enforce-ment requests. The rise of email and cloud com-puting has put our data privacy laws on a collision course with the privacy laws of other countries. Information in emails or in the cloud can be stored on servers virtually anywhere in the world. This means that when law en-forcement seeks access to such infor-mation, the information may be lo-cated in another country. This state of affairs causes problems both for law enforcement and for email and cloud computing providers. It causes problems for law enforcement because warrants traditionally stop at the water’s edge and because laws in other countries may prohibit disclo-sure to foreign law enforcement, and it causes problems for email and cloud computing providers because they find themselves caught between orders by U.S. law enforcement to disclose data in other countries and laws in those other countries that may forbid such disclosure. The question of whether warrants issued to U.S.-based providers may re-quire providers to disclose data stored in other countries is currently before the U.S. Supreme Court in the United States v. Microsoft case. Oral argu-ment in the case will be heard later this month. No matter how the Court rules, how-ever, problems will remain. Either law enforcement will lack the ability to ob-tain in a timely manner email and doc-uments in the cloud that are stored overseas or providers will find them-selves caught between conflicting do-mestic and foreign laws. The CLOUD Act creates a clear, workable framework to resolve these problems. The bill has four key compo-nents. First, it authorizes the United States to enter into bilateral data-sharing agreements with qualifying countries under which the United States agrees to lift its bar on disclosure to law en-forcement in a qualifying country if that country similarly agrees to lift any bar it has on disclosure to U.S. law enforcement. The CLOUD Act sets forth stringent requirements for such agreements in order to ensure privacy and data security. In particular, it pro-vides that any requests by foreign law enforcement to U.S. providers under such an agreement cannot target or re-quest information on U.S. persons. Second, the CLOUD Act clarifies that a warrant served on a U.S. provider may reach data stored overseas pro-vided the data is within the provider’s possession, custody, or control. This will enable U.S. law enforcement inves-tigating crimes to obtain information stored overseas without having to re-sort to cumbersome diplomatic chan-nels. Third, the CLOUD Act gives email and cloud computing providers the ability to challenge a warrant issued for data stored overseas if complying with the warrant would cause the pro-vider to violate the laws of a foreign country. The court hearing such a challenge determines whether, in the interests of international comity, the warrant should be modified or quashed. Finally, the CLOUD Act authorizes providers to disclose to a foreign gov-ernment the fact that the provider has received a warrant for information stored in that country, provided the foreign government has entered into a bilateral data-sharing agreement, as previously described. This will enable the foreign government to assess com-pliance with the terms of the agree-ment and intervene diplomatically if it believes the request is inappropriate. The CLOUD Act has broad support in both the tech community and among law enforcement. It bridges the divide that sometimes we see between these two groups. The bill is an outgrowth of my Inter-national Communications Privacy Act, or ICPA, coupled with the United States-United Kingdom bilateral agree-ment framework that many of my col-leagues are familiar with. Indeed, the United States-United Kingdom bilat-eral agreement framework outlined in the CLOUD Act is intended as a model for future agreements between the United States and other countries that are committed to privacy, human rights, and international law enforce-ment cooperation. Expeditiously implementing similar agreements with the European Union and other allies is critical to pro-tecting consumers around the world and facilitating legitimate law enforce-ment investigations. I am pleased to be introducing this very important landmark legislation with my friends from Delaware, South Carolina, and Rhode Island, and intend to push hard to see it enacted in the very near future. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, it is always a pleasure to hear from my friend, the Senator from Utah, when I agree with him and even when I don’t. Mr. HATCH. I thank my colleague. Mr. SCHUMER. It is serious stuff. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, we must pass another extension of govern-ment funding by this Thursday. There isn’t much time to waste, and yet Speaker R
YAN is again considering a CRomnibus—a short-term extension of funding for urgent domestic priorities but a long-term extension and a large increase in funding for defense—to pla-cate the ultraconservatives in his cau-cus. Of course, a CRomnibus is merely a ruse designed to slash funding for edu-cation, healthcare, infrastructure, and scientific research—all the things that many in the Freedom Caucus don’t want the government to support. That is why 44 Senate Democrats warned our Republican colleagues in a letter last year that we wouldn’t support a CRomnibus and that it could never pass the Senate. We want to fund defense, absolutely, but we also want to fund programs that help the middle class, like education, like infrastructure, like scientific re-search. We are standing up and saying we must do both. That is how this body works. Different people have different views, and we compromise. Maybe there are some on my side who don’t want to spend as much on defense as the Republican side does, but it is a compromise. I, for one, appreciate that we need robust defense spending. Sending a CRomnibus to the Sen-ate—one that just funded defense and cut programs crucial to the middle class—would be barreling head-first into a dead end. Speaker RYANneeds to do what is best for the country and work in a bipartisan way to fund the government, even if not every faction of his caucus will go along. If he lets the Freedom Caucus be the tail that wags the dog, there is no way we will reach an agreement that can pass the Senate, and it would jeopardize the positive discussions going on right now about the budget, disaster aid, immi-gration, and more. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL Mr. SCHUMER. Now, for a word on the Republican tax bill, even as cor-porations plow tens of billions of dol-lars into share-buybacks and stock-re-purchasing programs, instead of raising wages or hiring more workers, Presi-dent Trump and congressional Repub-licans are doing their best to portray their $1.5 trillion corporate giveaway as a boost to working Americans. I am sure that President Trump’s ad-dress in Ohio today will focus on the few companies that have given bo-nuses, but I wonder how many of those bonuses delivered around Christmas were annual and would have been given anyway. I wonder how many of those bonuses were linked to the tax bill in corporate press releases to curry favor with the President, even though they would have been given anyway. I bet President Trump will not men-tion a thing about the slew of layoffs and stock buybacks in the wake of the bill. I bet he will not dare mention that 80 percent of the benefits of this bill went to the top 1 percent and that the middle class should have gotten a lot more than they are getting. We all know that corporations have spent bil-lions enriching their shareholders, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05FE6.003 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S597 February 5, 2018 
while the middle class is waiting for the trickle-down effects that may never come. Imagine if all the money that went into tax breaks for corporations and the superrich went to the middle class instead. If that were the case, then President Trump would actually have something to boast about in Ohio today. This weekend Speaker R
YAN showed just how far Republicans will strain credulity to claim their tax bill helps working Americans. He tweeted: ‘‘A secretary at a public high school in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, said she was pleasantly surprised her pay went up $1.50 a week . . . she said [that] will more than cover her Costco member-ship for the year.’’ Someone must have told him how out of touch that was because Speaker R
YAN soon deleted the tweet. As high school secretaries get $1.50 a week in savings, the wealthiest 0.1 percent of Americans are getting an average of about $3,000 a week—high school sec-retary, $1.50; top 0.1 percent, $3,000 a week. Because of the tax bill, the Lan-caster secretary may well be able to af-ford a membership to a big-box store, but the top 0.1 percent can now afford a new Bentley. Is that fair? Is that right? Is that what the American peo-ple wanted? No way. No way. All the propaganda and millions of dollars of ads from the Koch brothers and all these other rich people—the handful of rich people who have so much say on the Republican side—all the ads they will pay for will not make up for that fact, and the American peo-ple see it. The fundamental unfairness at the center of the Republican tax bill is this. Corporations and the superrich are having a bonanza while American workers are left with paltry savings. Considering the Republicans spent $1.5 trillion in Federal resources to pass their tax bill, the middle class should have gotten a whole lot more—a lot more than $1.50 a week. When President Trump takes the stump in Ohio, we can expect to hear a lot of talk about how his tax bill is helping American workers, but every American should know that the reality is different. 
f 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on Friday, the Trump administration de-classified and released the contents of the deceptive Nunes memo. It is the latest distraction concocted by Repub-licans to protect the President of their party from the conclusions of a truly independent investigation. Shamefully, it is the latest abuse in a long line of partisan broadsides against the FBI, the Nation’s premier law enforcement agency. These attacks erode faith in the rule of law. At least the American people can now see the Nunes memo for what it truly is: an impotent document of GOP talking points. Far from being the smoking gun that many Republicans, rightwing media outlets, and Russia- linked bots claimed it would be, the Nunes memo just blows smoke. It is full of misleading conclusions based on innuendo. What it does confirm does not vindi-cate the President or prove bias at the Department of Justice. It confirms that the Steele dossier was not the cat-alyst for the Russia investigation, de-bunking a favorite rightwing talking point. Let that sink in. The FBI was concerned about Trump campaign ad-visers linked to Putin’s spy services be-fore—let me repeat, before—the Steele dossier existed. This idea that the Steele dossier created all this is just plain wrong, and even their own memo admits it. The Nunes memo also confirms that a three-judge panel, on multiple occa-sions, thought it was in the best inter-est of our national security to monitor a Trump campaign adviser for his trou-bling links with the Kremlin. Seeing as House Republicans saw fit to release the contents of their par-tisan memo, they should certainly sup-port the release of the memo prepared by Ranking Member SCHIFF . If House Republicans had any semblance of fair-ness, they would vote to release the Schiff memo. It is based on the same underlying documents. If it was all right to release the Republican memo on these documents, it should be all right to release a Democratic memo based on the same documents. Meanwhile, President Trump still re-fuses to implement the sanctions that passed by an overwhelming bipartisan majority in Congress. I have to say, if President Trump and his allies spent half the time standing up to Putin as they do attacking our own FBI, we might actually get somewhere with Putin. But the administration seems to fear doing anything to upset him. The American people ask: Why? Why is Donald Trump so afraid to upset Mr. Putin? What are they so afraid of? It is inex-plicable to me that the President of the United States and his allies are far more concerned with attacking Amer-ican law enforcement agencies than standing up to Russia. President Putin interfered with our sacred democratic process. The very process we exalt— correctly so—in our schools and teach our children is so wonderful, Putin is trying to make a sham of. He is trying to interfere with it. We hardly hear a peep out of President Trump and so many Republicans on this side of the aisle who used to go after Putin, to their credit, regularly. We have an investigation into the matter of Putin’s engagement in our elections by one of the most trusted and nonpartisan civil servants in Wash-ington, but because that investigation might include some wrongdoing by the President or his close associates, too many Republicans in Congress and, of course, the conservative media have turned on the FBI rather than on Putin. It is far more than disquieting. It is the worst place that partisan politics can go. The vital interests of our Na-tion are being subverted to the benefit of a foreign hostile power. A Congress-man says that we are witnessing a ‘‘coup’’ on the House floor. A Senator floats the possibility of ‘‘secret soci-eties.’’ The Speaker of the House sug-gests a ‘‘cleanse’’ of the FBI. For partisan reasons, the President and his allies in Congress are system-atically trying to weaken America’s faith in the rule of law, and to a large extent, sadly, the leaders of the Repub-lican Party have been silent. A few notable exceptions, including my dear friend Senator JOHN MCCAIN, are speaking out about the real threat here—not the FBI, not our career law enforcement officials, not Special Counsel Mueller but President Putin and his war on democratic societies and democracy in general. We desperately need more of our Re-publican friends to stand up and speak out, particularly the Republican lead-ership, because their silence is rapidly becoming complicit in the denigration of our Republic—something that is happening, unfortunately, before our very eyes. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, we are now 128 days into the fiscal year. For 128 days, we have failed to fulfill our basic responsibility of funding the government. Congress has not reached a bipartisan budget deal, even though, in past years, we always would have by this time. So the government is on autopilot. Across America, just as I find in Vermont, around families’ kitchen ta-bles, people are asking how to address the opioid crisis. Veterans are asking us why it takes months to get a doc-tor’s appointment at the VA. People are worrying about having to stop working if they can’t get quality and affordable childcare. So many have stopped me in the street to talk about how they are struggling to pay off col-lege loans. Well, it has been 128 days. Instead of saying: We will get to it, the check is in the mail, let’s actually get to it, we have had four continuing resolutions. It is about time we get serious about a bipartisan deal and get the budget going. Let’s, for once, get past the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05FE6.004 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES598 February 5, 2018 
sound bites and start dealing with sub-stance. 
f 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, on another matter, last Friday, D
EVIN N
UNES , the House Intelligence Com-mittee chairman, received approval to release a classified memo that purports to show that a FISA application to conduct surveillance of a Trump cam-paign aide was politically motivated. Over the weekend, the President, speaking in the third person, told us this memo ‘‘totally vindicates ‘Trump’’’ in the Russia investigation. Following a pattern that has become all too familiar, the President also vi-ciously attacked the FBI in a series of tweets, something we have never seen by any President, either Republican or Democratic—certainly not in my mem-ory. There are more than a few problems with this, the most disturbing of which go well beyond this highly flawed and misleading memo. In case anyone be-lieves this memo represents a serious attempt to address serious problems within the FBI or within our FISA sur-veillance authorities, I want to raise a few points they might consider because if they think it actually addresses seri-ous problems, they either haven’t read it or they don’t understand the serious problems. For years, I have been leading calls in the Senate to protect our civil lib-erties and reform our surveillance au-thorities under FISA. I am appre-ciative of the number of Republicans and Democrats who have joined me in that cause. This memo, however, has absolutely nothing to do with improv-ing FISA. Nor does this partisan memo have anything to do with serious over-sight of FISA authorities more broad-ly. Instead, whether intentional or not, this memo represents a direct attack on rank-and-file professionals in both our law enforcement and our national security agencies. The memo delib-erately distorts a multilayered process that is required to obtain and renew a judicial warrant for a suspected foreign agent. This meticulous process to ob-tain or renew a judicial warrant is con-ducted by career, nonpartisan profes-sionals. In this case, the process led to a warrant, approved by a Federal judge and was renewed three times, for Trump campaign adviser Carter Page. Carter Page is an individual who bragged about his ties to Russia. He even claimed at one point publicly to be an adviser to the Kremlin. He was also targeted for recruitment by known Russian spies beginning in 2013. Both of these facts are conveniently left out of the Nunes memo. But the Nunes memo was not about capturing relevant facts or conducting actual oversight. If it were, the House Intelligence Committee Chairman would have read the underlying intel-ligence that purported to form the basis of the memo. He did not. If it were about actual oversight, he would have granted the FBI Director’s re-quest to brief his Committee prior to releasing the memo. He did not. If it were about transparency, he would have allowed the Democratic response memo to be released at the same time. He did not. Instead, his Committee voted along party lines last week to block the Democratic response. We will learn later this evening if they are going to change course and allow its release. I have been here since the beginning of both the House and the Senate Intel-ligence Committees. I have never seen anything as partisan as this. Proponents of this memo claim it proves that the FISA warrant of Carter Page was politically motivated. They claim that the so-called Steele dossier was the reason why a FISA warrant was granted and that the dossier could not be relied on because it was indi-rectly funded by Democratic interests. What it ignores is that this document was only one part of the lengthy FISA application establishing probable cause. The judge had to look at all of it. Never mind that the judge was ex-plicitly informed of the likelihood of a political motivation behind the dos-sier. The Republican memo conven-iently leaves that out. By leaving it out, it undermines its central claim that the FBI hid the ball on the dos-sier’s political origins. And never mind that the dossier was originally funded by a conservative newspaper, or that its author had previously been assessed by the FBI to be a reliable source. One can disregard all of those facts and still see the memo for what it is: a complete and utter dud. The memo itself just disproves its own premise. Because of its reference to the con-troversial Steele dossier, President Trump and his allies paint this FISA application as the Russia investiga-tion’s original sin. They ignore the fact that the memo also reveals that an en-tirely separate source unrelated to the Steele dossier provided information to the FBI that triggered the opening of the FBI’s counterintelligence inves-tigation into the individuals associated with the Trump campaign. Oddly enough, that is something we did not see in President Trump’s tweets over the weekend. What we knew about the memo leads to one and only one conclusion: The FBI did its job. Rank-and-file profes-sionals within the FBI and DOJ acted appropriately when obtaining a FISA warrant of Carter Page. Frankly, the President’s attacks on these career professionals for obtaining the FISA warrant are entirely without merit. I have been here with Republican Presidents and Democratic Presidents, eight Presidents in all, and I have never seen anybody make such unwar-ranted attacks on career professionals. These professionals, I suppose, if we really look, are Republicans, Demo-crats, and some are apolitical. All of them are professional. What the Repub-lican memo from the House reveals is nothing about abuses in the FISA proc-ess, but it does reveal a lot about both the President and the House Repub-licans who released it. It represents yet another desperate, hyperpartisan at-tempt to smear key Justice Depart-ment officials and undermine the Rus-sia investigation. Again, in my 40-some-odd years in the Senate, I have never seen this under either Republican or Democratic leadership or either a Republican or Democratic President. Let’s remember what is at stake. This is not about a Republican memo, which is nothing more than a sloppy, bad-faith attempt to distract from the special counsel’s Russia investigation, nor is it about the Steele dossier. That represents an almost irrelevant side story. The only thing that matters here is that a foreign adversary at-tacked our democracy in 2016, suffered no consequences, and is poised to do it again. The President is not willing to address this threat. He is not even will-ing to implement sanctions on Russia that were overwhelmingly approved by the vast majority of both Republicans and Democrats in the Congress. The only thing this President has done in response to this threat is disparage the very people who defend our country from such foreign attacks—our dedi-cated law enforcement and intelligence professionals. I am afraid that for the President, it is Trump first and Amer-ica second. The fact is, we are under constant at-tacks on our political system by Rus-sia. Which countries did the President single out in the State of the Union Address as countries that pose grave threats to the United States? Ven-ezuela and Cuba. No. It is the second largest nuclear power in the world that is a threat, a power that has shown, by anybody’s analysis or efforts—many of them successful—to undermine the electoral system not only of our coun-try but of others. It is more important than ever that the Special Counsel be able to com-plete his investigation without inter-ference from either the President or any misguided allies in Congress. We need to know first how Russia inter-fered in our election, and whether any-one in the President’s circle aided that effort or tried to cover it up. I have been in the Senate for more than 43 years. I have never been as con-cerned as I am today for the institu-tions in our country and for our ability to stay united in the face of a true, un-precedented threat. I don’t say this lightly. Madam President, I have walked back and forth the dirt road in front of my home in Vermont. I have paced the floor and thought about it. I have gone back through notes I have taken through Presidents going back to Ger-ald Ford when I first came here, notes I took as a young, 34-year-old U.S. Sen-ator. I have never been as concerned as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05FE6.006 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S599 February 5, 2018 
I am now. I have never been as con-cerned about this great country having the ability to stay united in the face of a true, unprecedented threat. Russia will be back, and many say Russia has never left. Enough with the partisan distractions. It is past time we faced this threat standing together. The American people deserve that much. Madam President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT AND IMMIGRATION Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, here we are again. The clock is ticking. The current funding bill expires on Thurs-day, and we have to act to keep the lights on. That strikes me as a very modest goal because there is so much more we need to be doing. When our Democratic colleagues shut down the government last month, we knew that this was all we could get at the time, which is a short-term continuing reso-lution until February 8. Well, this is a miserable way to do business. Con-tinuing resolutions are really an abdi-cation of responsibility on behalf of this body and are not to the benefit of the American people. It doesn’t have to be this way. What we are waiting on is an agreement be-tween the leaders of both the House and the Senate to come up with spend-ing caps for the rest of 2018 and 2019. We could have that agreement today, but our colleagues across the aisle are dragging their feet, to put it mildly. For what? Well, it is the same reason that they shut down the government last month. It is over an unrelated im-migration issue, which I will get to in a moment. They appear not to have learned any lesson from the shutdown, which clearly the American people did not want and did not agree with. We have two distinct issues that need to be handled separately. Funding the government—particularly funding our military—shouldn’t be held hostage to an immigration issue, especially when we continue to work together in good faith on border security and on the young adults who are affected by the deferred action on childhood arrivals, or DACA. I say, let’s drop DACA from the fund-ing debate and submit the caps deal right now. As I have said before, short- term continuing resolutions are a ter-rible way to do business. Governing is not a merry-go-round. We shouldn’t have to come back in March and have these same discussions over and over again. This past February 2 happened to be my birthday, but it is also Groundhog Day, and we seem to wake up every morning and go through the same mo-tions over and over and over again and never reach a conclusion. This was brought home to me pretty dramati-cally today when the leadership from Texas for the community health cen-ters told me that they can’t plan. They have employees and healthcare pro-viders who are worried about whether they will have a job because govern-ment will somehow fail in keeping its doors open and keep their programs funded. And to boot, patients are wor-ried about whether they are going to have continued access to healthcare, the community health centers that serve vast swaths of this country. Why are people put through all this anxiety—both in terms of planning and in terms of the staff and the patients who depend on these community health centers—just because we can’t seem to get our act together here and agree to those spending caps because they are being held hostage to another unre-lated issue, which the majority leader has committed to addressing in due course. Well, our colleagues seem to be con-tent to drive around in circles, and— not to mix metaphors—they are spin-ning their wheels in the process, and nothing actually gets done. But maybe that is part of the plan too. If you look at 2017, we have had a pretty impres-sive 2017 in terms of what this Congress has accomplished when it comes to overregulations, when it comes to con-firming Federal judges, including the Justice on the Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch. And then, of course, there is the big tax bill, which was really some-thing that happens only every 30 years or so. It is very unusual. We are al-ready beginning to see the beneficial results of that tax legislation, and peo-ple are learning more about it and will continue to learn more about it as they open their paycheck stubs and see how much more take-home pay they have. I am beginning to think that these short-term continuing resolutions and never reaching an agreement on spend-ing caps are part of the plan to just keep us churning and to keep us not producing on behalf of the American people. I hope I am wrong, but it sure feels like that to me. I hope our colleagues will change their tactics and learn from their mis-takes. Shutdowns don’t help anybody. They certainly don’t help the party that is responsible for shutting down the government. So let’s get this caps deal done in short order. Here is another thing that has been held hostage to this unrelated immi-gration issue—disaster relief. It was last September when Hurricane Harvey hit the State of Texas. We had an un-precedented rain event where basically the hurricane parked itself over Hous-ton, TX, and rained down 50 inches of rain in about 5 days, disrupting peo-ple’s lives, destroying their homes. Some of the winds down along the coast blew businesses and homes away, and people are working hard to recover from that. The House passed an $81 billion dis-aster relief bill—not just to help the victims of Hurricane Harvey but also the victims of Hurricane Maria in the Virgin Islands, in Florida, and in Puer-to Rico as well. And then there are the wildfires and the mudslides out West. Eighty-one billion dollars was appro-priated by the House of Representa-tives, and it has been sitting here since December with no action whatsoever. Why? Well, count that up as another hostage of this unrelated immigration issue or the desire to just force us to spin our wheels and not get things done. I don’t understand it, and if I do understand it, I don’t like it one bit. The first rule of holes is, when you find yourself in a hole, quit digging. That is the only way to get a different outcome. But our Democratic col-leagues have found themselves in a hole and insist on continuing to dig after the disastrous shutdown, leading us to basically driving in circles. I would like to speak briefly about the ongoing border security and DACA negotiations. This is an issue that is very important to me, coming from a State with the largest, longest com-mon border with Mexico, where we see firsthand the impact of illegal drugs, trafficking in human beings, and just the failure of the Federal Government to live up to its responsibility when it comes to securing our borders. We learned on 9/11/2001 how important it is to know who is coming into our coun-try and why they are here, because not everybody who comes to the United States wants to do good by us. Some of them want to do us harm. And cer-tainly that is true when it comes to trafficking in the poison that unfortu-nately comes across our borders and leaves so many lives in tatters as a re-sult of overdoses and drug abuse. I have talked to a number of my con-stituents in Texas, including Hispanic leaders, to try to bring them up to date on the discussions that occurred here because they care quite a lot about both of these issues—border security, as well as what we are going to do for these young adults whose only mistake was to come to this country with their parents when they were children. As I have said before—and I will say it again—we don’t hold children re-sponsible for the mistakes their par-ents make. These young people deserve a clear path forward and some cer-tainty in their lives. I think the vast majority of us would like to try to find some way to give it to them, but we are not going to do that unless we can get concrete progress on border secu-rity and other reasons why this prob-lem was created in the first place. It was good to get the perspective of a number of my constituents who hap-pen to be leaders in the Hispanic com-munity. Many of them live in border communities. All of them have families or friends who are immigrants. Of course, we are a nation of immigrants, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05FE6.010 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES600 February 5, 2018 
and we need to listen to what they have to say about what is going on. There was general agreement that when it comes to offering a path to citizenship, the President’s proposal was surprisingly generous. Nobody ex-pected the President to offer a pathway to citizenship for 1.8 million young adults. That was extraordinarily gen-erous. Right now, in the program that was created by President Obama, which will expire March 5, there are 690,000 DACA recipients. They are the people who signed up for this deferred action, not for a path to citizenship, not for legal status, but an agreement by the government that we are not going to try to deport them. They also get work permits during the pendency of their DACA status. This President has of-fered DACA recipients something President Obama never did—a pathway to citizenship for three times as many as are covered by the deferred action program. The Hispanic leaders I spoke with also supported, in addition to that pil-lar of what the President proposed, ad-ditional border security measures. One spoke about the ‘‘collateral benefits’’ to border communities of new tech-nology, personnel, and improved infra-structure. Jobs increase, restaurants and hotels benefit, communities are safer for the families and the children who live there. They stress that when it comes to border security, we need to be thinking about it three-dimensionally. In other words, they said that we need to con-sider a system. I have heard the Sec-retary of Homeland Security refer to what the President has proposed as a wall system. It is not just a physical barrier; it is access roads, cameras, sensors, radars, aerostats, and other things to try to make sure our border is secure. Ultimately, my conversation with these constituents was very construc-tive, but I had to be honest with them. I had to admit that I have been dis-appointed so far. I haven’t heard much in the way of ideas from our Demo-cratic colleagues, other than old pro-posals that will not become law. Even though they claim to support these young people, the DACA recipients, and even though they claim to support a pathway to citizenship for them, they have done nothing to respond to Presi-dent Trump’s very generous offer and the four pillars of his proposal. So far, they have indicated that they have lit-tle interest in negotiating. The deadline set for those negotia-tions is February 8, just a couple of days from now. After that, we will be here on the Senate floor with an open and freewheeling debate and amend-ment process. But we want to achieve a solution that can become law, and so far, we haven’t had a willing dance partner in our Democratic colleagues. The President has made an extraor-dinary offer. I don’t know whether it is because they don’t want this President to claim any credit for any accomplish-ment or whether they prefer to have a political issue that they want to take to the election in November or whether they are just willing to toy with the lives of these young people because they deem it politically expedient. Well, none of those are acceptable. And it is really puzzling. There is no reason why they shouldn’t support closing loopholes for our illegal immigration problem and increasing security on the border. I have heard many of our colleagues across the aisle say: Border security? No problem—until you start asking them to be specific about what that means, not only in terms of an author-ization or plan, but what does that mean in terms of appropriations or money? According to published reports, the Democratic leader, the Senator from New York, Mr. S
CHUMER , offered the President $25 billion toward border se-curity—$5 billion upfront and $20 bil-lion more in appropriations and au-thorization. Then, after they shut down the government, after the President made his proposal, he took that off the table. So far, we have heard nothing from our Democratic colleagues to re-spond to the President’s generous, good-faith offer. One thing we need to do for sure is to regain the public’s confidence when it comes to immigration. We need to re-claim our legacy not only as a nation of immigrants, which we proudly are, but as a nation of laws. That is why people are so frustrated and emotional and angry about the status quo. That is one reason this President was elected. They thought he would bring an end to the lawlessness of our illegal immigra-tion system. But in order to get this done, we have to be able to negotiate in good faith, and we have to be able to compromise, which leads me to wonder, again, whether our friends across the aisle want an issue they plan to take to the election in November or they actu-ally want a solution. Are they going to actually use these young DACA recipients as a means to accomplish their goal, which is to re-gain the majority in the House and the Senate after the November 2018 elec-tions? I hope I am wrong, but I don’t see any indication so far that I am. As the President said in last week’s State of the Union Message, the ulti-mate proposal should be one ‘‘where nobody gets everything they want, but where our country gets the critical re-forms it needs.’’ That is exactly right. In my home State of Texas, nearly 124,000 DACA recipients are our neigh-bors. They are an important thread in the fabric of our communities. All of us feel sympathy for these young adults who are in limbo. I remain committed to finding a solution because, in our country, we don’t penalize children for the mistakes their parents made. But as the President said last week, ‘‘Americans are dreamers, too,’’ and part of their dream is to live in a coun-try where the law is enforced and re-spected. I support the President in his call for upholding the strong rule of law in this country, but the question for today is, Why hold everything else hostage for this unrelated immigration issue? And why, if our Democratic colleagues are willing to shut down the government over that unrelated immigration issue, aren’t they willing to respond to the President’s generous, good-faith offer to bring a solution to the problem? We need to know what their plans are. What is their proposal that can become law? The clock is ticking. We know the ending date for this program is March 5. Ultimately, what we are dealing with is people’s lives. What do our col-leagues care most about? Do they care about political advantage or trying to preserve an issue that will be to their advantage in the upcoming election? Or do they actually care about these young DACA recipients, 690,000 of them, or the 1.8 million that President Trump has offered—an incredibly gen-erous offer—as long as we can deal with these other issues like border security, chain migration, and the diversity lot-tery visa? We are waiting for our Democratic colleagues to come to us with a good- faith proposal, but so far all we hear is crickets. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
REMEMBERING CHRISTOPHER FOLEY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I wish to begin this afternoon by offer-ing condolences to the family and friends of Christopher Foley of Louisa County, VA. Mr. Foley was killed last Wednesday when his truck collided with an Amtrak train carrying many of my fellow lawmakers to a con-ference in West Virginia. He was just 28 years old. He leaves behind his fiancee Adriana and Rylan, their 1-year-old son. Our thoughts are with them espe-cially, along with Christopher’s family, his community, and his colleagues at Time Disposal. They and all those who were injured in the accident are in our prayers. Our heartfelt thanks are with the first responders who rushed to the scene. It is too easy to take for granted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05FE6.012 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S601 February 5, 2018 
that our brave law enforcement, fire-fighters, and emergency personnel will be there for us on our worst days, for-getting that, for them, heroism and service are everyday realities. I would like to recognize some of our own col-leagues who immediately sprang into action to assist the wounded. Senator C
ASSIDY and Congressmen W ENSTRUP , B
URGESS , ROE, and B UCSHON are all doctors by training, as are Senator C
ASSIDY ’s wife Laura and Congressman B
UCSHON ’s wife Kathryn. All of them sprang into action and rushed to aid the victims, alongside our attending physician, Dr. Brian Monahan. Senator F
LAKE and several others also hurried to help. I thank all of them for their efforts when every moment counted, and I am proud to call them colleagues and friends. 
f 
FRA ADMINISTRATOR NOMINATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on a related matter, in the few days since last week’s tragedy, yet another fatal train crash has already taken place. Two lives were lost yesterday when a passenger train and a freight train collided in South Carolina. Last December, three people were killed and scores were injured near Seattle when a passenger train jumped its tracks and crashed into a busy highway. This worrying spate of accidents of-fers a sobering reminder that partisan obstruction has kept the Federal Rail-road Administration, the top rail regu-lator, without an Administrator. The President’s nominee, Ronald Batory, has more than 40 years of rail experience. I know of no questions about his qualifications. He was re-ported out of committee by voice vote on August 2 of last year, meaning that this important safety regulator has now been sitting on the Senate cal-endar for 6 months—6 months. My Democratic colleagues are holding his nomination over a parochial issue that is completely unrelated to rail safety. This needs to come to an end. The FRA Administrator is the Na-tion’s top rail safety regulator. There is an urgent need and a highly qualified candidate. I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will put a stop to their partisan games on this front. We can and should confirm Mr. Batory today—today. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on another matter, our deadline to fund the Federal Government is this Thursday. Serious bipartisan negotia-tions continue on long-term spending levels, along with other important issues. I am optimistic that these talks will bear fruit. In the meantime, as broader discus-sions continue, we have the oppor-tunity to remove the uncertainty fac-ing our all-volunteer Armed Forces. Since the passage of the Budget Con-trol Act, it has become increasingly ob-vious that current funding levels are not sufficient for our Armed Forces to accomplish each of the missions and tasks that our Nation asks of them. Secretary Mattis’s new national de-fense strategy will require considerable new investment, and he has repeatedly pointed out that short-term continuing resolutions harm the readiness of our forces. I am pleased that we are making real headway in our negotiations over spending caps and other important issues, but there is no reason why our warfighters need to continue to face uncertainty until all of the other issues are resolved. Last week, a bipartisan majority in the House passed a bill that would fund our national defense through fiscal year 2018. Democrats and Republicans came together, voting to secure ade-quate, predictable, annual funding for our Armed Forces while we continue our productive negotiations on all these other subjects. The Senate will soon take up this House-passed bill. I have recently heard many of my Democratic colleagues detail the harm-ful effects of short-term funding meas-ures on our servicemembers. Soon, each one of us will have a chance to vote to give them the certainty they deserve while our other work con-tinues. f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on one final matter, in the State of the Union Address last week, President Trump detailed signs that our Nation’s economy is thriving under the policies of his administration and this Repub-lican Congress. Evidence keeps piling up that good things happen when the government takes its foot off the brake and gets out of the way of American workers and job creators. Last week, UPS, the largest private employer in my hometown of Louis-ville, KY, announced that tax reform will enable them to invest $12 billion in expanding their smart logistics net-work, funding employee pensions, and other capital improvements. Their chairman and CEO had this to say: 
We applaud President Trump and Congress for their bold action. . . . Tax reform is a tremendous catalyst. 
On Thursday, another major Amer-ican employer, Lowe’s, announced that it will give bonuses of up to $1,000 to more than a quarter of a million hour-ly employees and expand family friend-ly employment benefits, like adoption assistance and paid parental leave. The very same day, the major phar-maceutical company Amgen, which houses a distribution facility in Louis-ville, announced that tax reform is causing them to shift more of their planned investments here to the United States, including the construction of a new ‘‘next-generation manufacturing plant’’ right here at home. Already, our historic tax reform law is giving employers the flexibility to invest more, expand more, hire more American workers, and give bonuses, pay raises, and new benefits to their employees, and, already, middle-class families across the country are seeing the benefits. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. MORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Andrei Iancu, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trade-mark Office. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 30 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I wish to speak on the nomination of Andrei Iancu to be Under Secretary of Commerce and Director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Intellectual property is critical to our national economy because it en-courages the innovation that improves lives and creates jobs. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office plays a critical role in fostering innovation by pro-tecting intellectual property rights, so it is important that the office have strong and accountable leadership. Mr. Iancu holds a B.S. and M.S. in engineering from the UCLA School of Engineering and a J.D. from the UCLA School of Law. He currently is the managing partner of the Los Angeles law firm Irell & Manella, where he has practiced intellectual property law since 1996. Mr. Iancu has represented both patent owners and accused in-fringers, large and small companies, and individuals in a large number of patent cases. Mr. Iancu possesses strong legal qualifications, has a proven record in the field of intellectual property law, and is well respected in the intellectual property community. Last December, the Senate Judiciary Committee ap-proved Mr. Iancu’s nomination by a voice vote. I support Mr. Iancu’s nomi-nation, and I urge my colleagues to vote for him. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05FE6.013 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES602 February 5, 2018 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all time be yielded back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Iancu nomina-tion? Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCH-
RAN), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EIN-
RICH) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 94, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 28 Ex.] YEAS—94 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—6 
Alexander Cochran Heinrich McCain Peters Toomey 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The majority leader. LEGISLATIVE SESSION MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JO MARSHALL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate my friend Dr. Jo Marshall, president and CEO of the Somerset Community College, SCC, on her upcoming retirement. Tak-ing over the helm of the school in Som-erset, KY, in 2000, Jo has led the school through its unprecedented growth. When she leaves SCC at the end of June, she will leave behind a legacy of innovation, achievement, and inspira-tion. Originally from Alabama, Jo worked as the vice president and dean at Chat-tahoochee Valley Community College before moving to Somerset with her husband, Scott, to accept the position as president and CEO of SCC. After he retired from the Alabama college sys-tem, Scott taught economics at East-ern Kentucky University until he passed away in 2011. The Kentucky Community and Tech-nical College System, KCTCS, operates 16 colleges, including SCC, serving nearly 80,000 students throughout Ken-tucky. Under Jo’s leadership, SCC has become one of the preeminent members of KCTCS and one of the fastest grow-ing community colleges in the Nation. Many of the students who graduate from SCC go on to make important contributions to their community and the economy. The school, founded in 1965, has grown exponentially during Jo’s presi-dency. She oversaw SCC’s merger with the Somerset Technical College and the Laurel Technical College in 2003, expanding the number of programs of-fered to SCC’s students. Under Jo’s leadership, SCC also saw its largest en-rollment in the school’s history. To fa-cilitate this growth, Jo oversaw the ad-dition of seven new buildings to the in-stitution. Further, she helped launch a scholarship foundation to help students of diverse economic backgrounds at-tend SCC to earn degrees or credentials with the goal of preparing them for successful careers. During a time of economic hardship for many Kentuck-ians, this was an important accom-plishment in the region. Today that scholarship foundation is worth nearly $1 million. These are just a few exam-ples of what will make Jo’s legacy at SCC a lasting one. By any measure, each of these notable accomplishments under her leadership improved SCC, its reputation, and its impact on students. In addition to her commitment to growing SCC as an institution and en-hancing its impact on its students and the region, Jo has also worked to sup-port SCC students by providing them with the tools they need to succeed upon graduation. For example, working with local business leaders, she has es-tablished various programs to help stu-dents find good-paying, high-demand jobs by offering short-term certificates and diploma options. For SCC students wishing to continue their education, Jo has also worked with 4-year colleges and universities throughout Kentucky to help expand opportunities for stu-dents who wish to complete a bach-elor’s degree. Because of her leadership, and the ef-forts of everyone involved at the school, SCC consistently has won a number of awards. SCC was named a Military Friendly School, and the Chronicle of Higher Education named it a Great College to Work For. In addi-tion, SCC was called a Best Place to Work in Kentucky by the Best Compa-nies Group every year for a decade. Fi-nally, the Aspen Institute’s College Ex-cellence Program, which ‘‘aims to ad-vance higher education practices, poli-cies, and leadership’’ in an effort to help schools improve student out-comes, has also named SCC a Top 120 Community College in the United States. These national accolades for SCC under Jo’s leadership showcase her passion for SCC, its faculty and stu-dents, and the community. It would also come as no surprise to those of us who know Jo and her work that she has been the recipient of many well-earned awards as a result of her time at SCC. In 2011, the Somerset-Pu-laski County Chamber of Commerce named her its Business Woman of the Year. She received the Master Musi-cian’s Festival Lifetime Achievement Award in 2015, and the Somerset Busi-ness and Professional Women’s Club named Jo the Business Woman of the Year in 2017. In addition to her transformational work at SCC, Jo has also dedicated her talents to the Southeastern Kentucky community in other ways. She cur-rently serves on the board of directors for the Center for Rural Development and the Southern Kentucky Economic Development Corporation. Jo is also a former member of the Lake Cum-berland Regional Hospital board of trustees. Her community college peers have recognized her outstanding success at SCC. Phi Theta Kappa, one of the larg-est and most prestigious honor soci-eties for community colleges, estab-lished the Marshall Leadership Award in 2013. Named in Jo’s honor, the inter-national award is given to Phi Theta Kappa advisors to boost their profes-sional growth beyond the completion of professional degrees. On a more personal note, I have al-ways enjoyed being in Somerset and getting to visit with Jo in her position as president of SCC. In 2015, I had the privilege of participating in the school’s ‘‘John Sherman Cooper Lec-ture Series,’’ an annual reflection on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05FE6.015 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S603 February 5, 2018 
the accomplishments and character of my role model, Senator Cooper. Like each of my meetings with Jo during her time leading SCC, I truly enjoyed this experience. In her retirement, I know that Jo looks forward to spending more time with her children, Kristin and Scott, Jr., both accomplished in their own right, and her five grandchildren. She has certainly earned it. I would like to take this opportunity to thank my friend for her work to help prepare the students of southeastern Kentucky to enter the workforce and thrive. I am sure that SCC will miss her steady hand. However, the wide breath of ac-complishments she oversaw throughout the last 18 years has set the school on a course of continued success. I know her community is grateful for her work, and I urge my Senate colleagues to join me in celebrating Jo’s stellar career. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–76, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Finland for defense articles and services estimated to cost $622 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–76 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Finland (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $434 million. Other $188 million. Total $622 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): One hundred (100) RGM–84Q–4 Harpoon Block II Plus (+) Extended Range (ER) Grade B Surface-Launched Missiles. Twelve (12) RGM–84L–4 Harpoon Block II Grade B Surface-Launched Missiles. Twelve (12) RGM–84Q–4 Harpoon Block II+ ER Grade B Surface-Launched Upgrade Kits. Four (4) RTM–84L–4 Harpoon Block II Grade B Exercise Surface-Launched Missiles. Four (4) RTM–84Q–4 Harpoon Block II+ ER Grade B Exercise Surface-Launched Missiles. Non-MDE: Also included are containers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical docu-mentation, personnel training and training equipment, technical assistance, engineering and logistics support services, and other re-lated elements of logistical support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (FI–P– LBQ). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: February 5, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Finland—RGM–840–4 Harpoon Block II+ ER Grade B Surface-Launched Missiles and RGM–84L–4 Harpoon Block II Grade B Sur-face-Launched Missiles The Government of Finland has requested a possible sale of one hundred (100) RGM– 84Q–4 Harpoon Block II Plus (+) Extended Range (ER) Grade B Surface-Launched Mis-siles, twelve (12) RGM–84L–4 Harpoon Block II Grade B Surface-Launched Missiles, twelve (12) RGM–84Q–4 Harpoon Block II+ ER Grade B Surface-Launched Upgrade Kits, four (4) RTM–84L–4 Harpoon Block II Grade B Exercise Surface-Launched Missiles, and four (4) RTM–84Q–4 Harpoon Block II+ ER Grade B Exercise Surface-Launched Missiles. Also included are containers, spare and re-pair parts, support and test equipment, pub-lications and technical documentation, per-sonnel training and training equipment, technical assistance, engineering and logis-tics support services, and other related ele-ments of logistical support. The estimated total case value is $622 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by improving the security of a partner nation that has been, and con-tinues to be, an important force for political stability and economic progress in Europe. Finland intends to use the missiles on its Hamina class ships, Multirole Corvette ships, and Coastal Batteries. The missiles will pro-vide enhanced capabilities in effective de-fense of critical sea lanes. The proposed sale of the missiles and support will increase the Finnish Navy’s maritime partnership poten-tial and increase regional security capa-bility. Finland has not purchased Harpoon Block II+ ER previously, but will have no difficulty incorporating this capability into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be The Boe-ing Company, St. Louis, MO. The purchaser typically requests offsets. Any offset agree-ment will be defined in negotiations between the purchaser and the contractor. Implementation of this proposed sale will require up to 21 U.S. Government personnel to travel to Finland providing support over a period of ten years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–76 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The RGM–84Q Harpoon Block II+ ER Surface-Launched missile system is classi-fied SECRET. The Harpoon missile is a non- nuclear tactical weapon system. It provides a day, night, and adverse weather, standoff air-to-surface capability and is an effective Anti-Surface Warfare missile. The RGM–84Q incorporates components, software, and technical design information that is consid-ered sensitive. The following components being conveyed by the proposed sale that are considered sensitive include: a. Classified CONFIDENTIAL: (1) Radar Seeker. (2) GPS/INS System. (3) Operational Flight Program Software. (4) Missile operational characteristics and performance data. b. Classified up to SECRET: (1) Weapon Data Link (depending on key classification). (2) Warhead. These elements are essential to the ability of the Harpoon missile to selectively engage hostile targets under a wide range of oper-ations, tactical and environmental condi-tions. The Harpoon is a Coastal Target Sup-pressions land attack weapon. 2. The RGM–84L Harpoon Block II Surface- Launched missile system is classified CON-FIDENTIAL. The Harpoon missile is a non- nuclear tactical weapon system currently in service in the U.S. Navy and in 29 other for-eign nations. It provides a day, night, and adverse weather, standoff air-to-surface ca-pability and is an effective Anti-Surface Warfare missile. The RGM–84L incorporates components, software, and technical design information that are considered sensitive. The following components being conveyed by the proposed sale that are considered sen-sitive and are classified CONFIDENTIAL are: Classified CONFIDENTIAL: (1) Radar Seeker. (2) GPS/INS System. (3) Operational Flight Program Software. (4) Missile operational characteristics and performance data. 3. The RTM–84 Exercise Harpoon Surface- Launched missile is classified up to SE-CRET. The RTM–84 Exercise Harpoon incor-porates components, software, and technical design information that are considered sen-sitive. The following components being con-veyed by the proposed sale that are consid-ered sensitive include: a. Classified CONFIDENTIAL: (1) Radar Seeker. (2) GPS/INS System. (3) Operational Flight Program Software. (4) Missile operational characteristics and performance data. b. Classified up to SECRET: (1) Weapon Data Link (depending on key classification) 4. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of specific hard-ware, the information could be used to de-velop countermeasures which might reduce weapons system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 5. A determination has been made that Finland can provide substantially the same 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05FE6.008 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES604 February 5, 2018 
degree of protection for sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This proposed sustainment program is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the policy justification. 6. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Finland. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–77, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Finland for defense articles and services estimated to cost $112.7 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–77 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Finland. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $92.6 million. Other $20.1 million. Total $112.7 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Sixty-eight (68) Evolved SEASPARROW Missiles (ESSM). One (1) ESSM inert operational missile. Non-MDE: Also included are seventeen (17) MK25 quad pack canisters, eight (8) MK783 shipping containers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical documentation, training, U.S. Gov-ernment/Contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services and technical assistance, and other related elements of logistical support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (FI–P– LBP). (v) Prior Related Cases. if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee. etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: February 5, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Finland—Evolved SEASPARROW Missiles (ESSM) The Government of Finland has requested a possible sale of sixty-eight (68) Evolved SEASPARROW Missiles (ESSM) and one (1) ESSM inert operational missile. Also in-cluded are seventeen (17) MK25 quad pack canisters, eight (8) MK783 shipping con-tainers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical documentation, training, U.S. Government/ Contractor engineering, technical and logis-tics support services and technical assist-ance, and other related elements of logistical support. The estimated total case value is $112.7 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by improving the security of a partner nation that has been, and con-tinues to be, an important force for political stability and economic progress in Europe. Finland intends to use the missiles on its new Squadron 2020 class Corvette ships. The missiles will provide enhanced capabilities in effective defense of critical sea lanes and im-prove Finland’s capability to meet current and future threats of enemy anti-ship weap-ons. Finland has not purchased ESSM pre-viously, but will have no difficulty incor-porating this capability into its naval forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractors will be Raytheon Missile Systems (RMS) Tucson, AZ, for the missiles, and BAE Systems, Aberdeen, SD, for the missile canisters. The purchaser typi-cally requests offsets. Any offset agreement will be defined in negotiations between the purchaser and the contractor. Implementation of this proposed sale will require up to 12 U.S. Government personnel to travel to Finland providing support over a period of five years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–77 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The Evolved SEASPARROW missiles (ESSM) includes the guidance section, war-head section, transition section, propulsion section, control section, and Thrust Vector Control (TVC) of which the guidance section and transition section are classified CON-FIDENTIAL. Standard missile documenta-tion will include: a. Parametric documents (classified CON-FIDENTIAL). b. Missile Handling/Maintenance Proce-dures (UNCLASSIFIED). c. General Performance Data (classified CONFIDENTIAL). d. Firing Guidance (classified CONFIDEN-TIAL). e. Dynamics Information (classified CON-FIDENTIAL). 2. The Evolved SEASPARROW Missile (ESSM) contains SENSITIVE technological information and/or RESTRICTED informa-tion in the missile guidance section. Certain operating frequencies and performance char-acteristics are classified SECRET because they could be used to develop tactics and/or countermeasures to reduce or defeat the mis-sile effectiveness. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of specific hard-ware, the information could be used to de-velop countermeasures which might reduce weapons system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 4. A determination has been made that Finland can provide substantially the same degree of protection for sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This proposed sustainment program is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the policy justification. 5. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Finland. f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN BREWER Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize John Brewer and his excellent service as a part of our team. Going into my first term as Senator, I was proud to be the first Maryland Senator in almost 100 years to serve in the Senate Agriculture Committee. Understanding the impor-tance of this role, John hit the ground running as our USDA fellow. With his past experience in both public and pri-vate sectors, John leaned into every project, from advocating on behalf of land grant universities to funding nu-trition programs, with great enthu-siasm that stemmed from his dedica-tion to serve the needs of Marylanders. Besides his vast expertise, we will miss his kindness and dedication. Although we wish we didn’t have to give him back to the Department of Agriculture, my whole staff and I know he will con-tinue to achieve great things. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM U. HILL ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Wyoming Su-preme Court Justice William U. Hill. After serving over 19 years on the ju-dicial bench, Justice Hill is retiring from the Wyoming Supreme Court on February 16, 2018. As an outstanding ju-rist and public servant, he dedicated his life to serving the people of Wyo-ming. Justice Hill’s wisdom and un-wavering dedication to the law has had a tremendous impact on our State. Justice Hill has deep roots in Wyo-ming. He was raised in Riverton, WY. In 1970, he earned his B.A. in English from the University of Wyoming. Jus-tice Hill graduated from the University of Wyoming College of Law in 1974. Throughout his successful career, he held several important positions in the government. He was an Assistant U.S. Attorney, an assistant attorney gen-eral for Wyoming, and attorney general for Wyoming. In addition, he worked as the chief of staff and chief counsel in Washington, DC, for U.S. Senator Mal-colm Wallop. Justice Hill also worked in private practice in Cheyenne, WY; Riverton, WY; and Seattle, WA. On November 3, 1998, Wyoming Gov-ernor Jim Geringer appointed Justice Hill to the Wyoming Supreme Court. He was elected as the 44th chief justice of the Wyoming Supreme Court in 2002. During his 4 years as chief justice, he oversaw the administrative respon-sibilities of the Wyoming court system, as well as ran the scheduling, case as-signments, and court proceedings. Jus-tice Hill also served as chairman of the judicial nominating commission and chairman of the board of judicial pol-icy and administration. He dem-onstrated great leadership and distinc-tion in each of these significant roles. Supreme Court Justices can have a lasting impact on a State and its fu-ture. Justice Hill leaves a legacy of consistency and fidelity to the law. He always strived to uphold justice and ensure a fair judgment in every case. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE6.029 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S605 February 5, 2018 
His decisions and opinions show respect for due process and strict adherence to the law. Justice Hill is a mentor and inspiration to Wyoming’s legal commu-nity. He enjoys sharing his experiences and his passion for the legal profession with students and individuals just en-tering the legal field. Justice Hill earned a reputation for being a hard worker and a thorough de-cisionmaker. Anyone fortunate enough to work with him speaks highly of his character and his drive. He respects the rule of law and our foundational legal principles. Justice Hill has consist-ently shown his commitment to justice and upholding the Constitution. He has also been a recipient of sev-eral prestigious honors throughout his successful career. In 2017, he received the Larry L. Lehman Award for Judi-cial Excellence presented by the Wyo-ming State Bar. The award is named in honor of Justice Lehman for his efforts to improve the operation of the Wyo-ming court system and to provide greater access to justice for all Wyo-ming citizens. Justice Hill was also in-ducted as an honorary member of the University of Wyoming’s Order of the Coif in 2011. Justice Hill is married to Mary Kay Hill, and they have two children: Brian and Erin. Their son Brian Hill is mar-ried to Molly Hill. Their daughter Erin is married to Chase Rutherford. Mary Kay Hill worked for U.S. Senator Al Simpson in Washington, DC, for 10 years before returning to Wyoming as a policy adviser for former Governor Geringer and current Governor Mead. The law plays such a major role in Justice Hill’s life that he even plays guitar in a band called The Law North of Crow Creek. He is a man of many talents and can captivate a room with his stories. He leaves a lasting mark on everyone he meets. Retirement opens the door to a new world of adventure and happiness. Jus-tice Hill will continue to inspire and touch the lives of the people of Wyo-ming for years to come. It is a great honor to recognize this exceptional member of our Wyoming community. My wife, Bobbi, joins me in extending our gratitude and well wishes to Justice Hill on his retire-ment.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING ELDER VON G. KEETCH ∑Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I would like to honor the memory of a dear mentor and friend, Elder Von G. Keetch, who passed away suddenly on January 26 at the age of 57. Elder Keetch was a brilliant attorney who used his gifts in the service of God. As chief outside counsel and public affairs director to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Elder Keetch had the immense responsibility of representing his faith in the public square. As an ardent supporter of religious freedom, he also had the privilege of defending others’ ability to worship ac-cording to the dictates of their con-science. ‘‘Religious liberty is a God-given right,’’ Elder Keetch said. ‘‘It is essen-tial to all men and women exercising their agency and learning to choose be-tween right and wrong.’’ Elder Keetch had deep respect for our constitutional rights because of his profession, but as a man of faith, he knew that conversions of the heart occur through personal encounters. Mindful of this truth, Elder Keetch strove to imitate Jesus Christ in all as-pects of his life. He encouraged his fel-low Christians to do the same, even during contentious public debates. ‘‘Ask yourself how you can best teach and defend the doctrine of the gospel of Jesus Christ while also show-ing love, kindness, and understanding,’’ he wrote. Elder Keetch was born in Provo and lived for much of his life in Utah. He earned his bachelor’s degree from Brigham Young University and his law degree from BYU’s law school. During this period, he clerked at the Supreme Court for Chief Justice War-ren Burger and Justice Antonin Scalia, where he worked on pivotal religious liberty cases such as Employment Divi-sion v. Speech, 1990. As he came up through the ranks, Elder Keetch caught the attention of prominent legal minds, including my father, Rex Lee, who mentored him during law school. Years later, Elder Keetch would re-turn the favor by mentoring another young BYU law student—me. I still remember the enthusiasm that Elder Keetch brought to his class on the First Amendment. He wanted to impress upon his students the impor-tance of these old court decisions to our lives. At least in my case—and I am sure in countless others—he succeeded. After Elder Keetch graduated from law school, he could have worked at his choice of law firms in Washington, DC, or New York. Instead, after prayerful consideration, he returned to Utah to work at Kirton McConkie, a law firm that works closely with the LDS Church. Soon, Elder Keetch was an advocate in some of the highest profile public debates of our time, defending religious liberty against coercion and the insti-tution of marriage against attempts to redefine it. At the same time, Elder Keetch was called to positions of leadership within the LDS Church. He was sustained as a General Authority Seventy of the Church on April 4, 2015. So tireless was Elder Keetch that, when he was called to a full-time posi-tion in the LDS Church, two attorneys were assigned to take over his work. In spite of these important and time- consuming responsibilities, Elder Keetch made family his first priority. Elder Keetch is survived by six chil-dren and his wife, Bernice, who has been his steady companion and sweet-heart since she invited him to a dance in high school. His family surrounded him with love as he battled cancer, the illness that eventually took him away from us. It is hard to grapple with the unex-pected death of a mentor, father, hus-band, and leader like Elder Von Keetch, but we should take heart from words that Elder Keetch himself spoke before a General Conference audience in 2015. He said that trials were to be ex-pected if we want to follow the One who suffered for us on Calvary. We represent the love and faith of Christ, Elder Keetch taught, ‘‘in situa-tions where we don’t fully understand the reason for God’s command.’’ I don’t know why my dear friend and mentor was called home so soon, but I can take inspiration from his spectac-ular life. I still recall a phone conversation with Elder Keetch many years ago, when I was finishing a clerkship with then-Judge Samuel Alito. Elder Keetch was by then a promi-nent attorney. By contrast, I was a kid fresh out of school looking for life ad-vice. Still, he took my call, listened with great care and attention, and gave wise counsel that served me well down the line. Undoubtedly, Elder Keetch’s time could have been spent better elsewhere, yet he chose to spend it on me. That is what I will remember about Elder Keetch. He brought the same en-thusiasm to pivotal court cases and seemingly unimportant phone con-versations. He knew that matters large and small can be used for the glory of God. In all things, Elder Von Keetch mod-eled the words of Paul in his letter to the Philippians: ‘‘For to me, to live is Christ and to die is gain,’’ Philippians 1:21–23, KJV.∑ f 
STATE OF THE UNION ESSAY FINALISTS ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, last week I entered into the R
ECORD the winning essays in my office’s eighth annual State of the Union Essay Con-test. I would like to congratulate the other finalists in this year’s contest and likewise ask that their essays be printed in the R
ECORD . The essays fol-low, in alphabetical order according to the finalists’ names. The material follows: 
BAILEY BLOW , SOUTH BURLINGTON HIGH SCHOOL  
SENIOR , FINALIST  At the beginning of December, a video of a polar bear was posted on Twitter by ‘‘Na-tional Geographic.’’ When people think of polar bears, they imagine snow and ice; how-ever, in this video, snow and ice were no-where to be found. There was only green. Polar bears are also known for their massive size. The polar bear from the video did not look massive or strong. This poor bear was weak and dangerously skinny. It could bare-ly walk. Without snow and ice, there wasn’t a food source for the bear to eat. The sci-entists that captured the video believed that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05FE6.007 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES606 February 5, 2018 
it would be dead within hours if it didn’t find food to eat. When I came across this video, I was heart-broken. It was hard to watch and I found my-self struggling to finish it. Watching this animal suffer and barely able to move in a habitat that should be covered in ice opened my eyes more. It was a hard sight to see, but this video is important for everyone to see. This polar bear is what climate change looks like. Climate change is not just something that effects animals and their habitats, it’s something that affects all of us around the world. In the recent years, our Nation and the rest of the world have seen an increase in natural disasters, warmer temperatures, a more acidic ocean, and a greater amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Climate change is not something that we can just ig-nore anymore. If we keep moving in the di-rection we are going, we will no longer have a healthy planet to live on. Time has not run out yet and there is still hope. If we begin to move towards healing our planet now, we can begin to reverse climate change. One of the first steps we should take to-wards addressing climate change is getting back into the Paris Agreement. It was very concerning to most of the Nation when President Trump decided to pull the United States out of this agreement. This decision was concerning because it gives the impres-sion to the rest of the world that the U.S. doesn’t believe that climate change is a big deal. Scientists have proven time and time again that climate change is real and it is happening. By getting back into this agree-ment, the U.S. can continue to contribute to the fight against climate change. Another step that could be taken is more environmental laws. These laws could cover a wide range of things, such as using alter-native energy to cut back on greenhouse gases in the atmosphere or preventing land-fill from getting into the ocean. Our priority should be protecting the planet that gives us a home. Climate change is more apparent now than it has ever been before. It is the most press-ing issue facing not only our country, but the entire world. Something needs to be done about it before our only home is destroyed. 
MASON CASTLE , ST. JOHNSBURY ACADEMY  
JUNIOR , FINALIST  The United States was founded as a demo-cratic republic in 1776. The implication of this system of government is that it is one controlled by the American people through their representatives. The Fifteenth and Nineteenth Amendments were even added following progressive social movements whose aims were ensuring that democracy was for all Americans and not just for a frac-tion of our people. However, recent Congres-sional elections have shed light on the threat of gerrymandering to democracy. While race- based gerrymandering was declared illegal by the Voting Rights Act of 1965, partisan gerrymandering is technically legal. How-ever, it deprives millions of Americans of their full representation, and results in a system where politicians choose their voters, rather than voters electing their representa-tives. Gerrymandering runs counter to the fundamental values of a democratic republic, and therefore to American values, so it must be addressed if we are to ‘‘secure the bless-ings of liberty for ourselves and our pos-terity,’’ as the preamble to the Constitution says. Gerrymandering occurs when a state legis-lature draws district lines so that they favor a certain party through ‘‘packing and crack-ing.’’ This is when votes are either condensed into a singular district so surplus victory votes are wasted, or broken up into other districts so that they are smothered by op-posing votes. What results is that the influ-ence of packed or cracked votes become less significant in determining the results of an election. This becomes especially problem-atic when the victors of gerrymandered elec-tions gain a majority of seats during Census years because they decide where to draw dis-trict lines. This leads to one party holding an overwhelming majority that isn’t nec-essarily representative of the American peo-ple. While this is a less overt method of voter suppression, it has proven to be far more ef-fective. In response to this issue, I propose that rather than having politicians draw dis-tricts, we use a neutral algorithm that draws fair districts that represent real American communities. This algorithm would elimi-nate the factor of human bias, and draw the most efficient maps possible. Wendy K. Tam Cho, a professor of political science at the University of Illinois designed such an algorithm in response to the Su-preme Court case Gill v. Whitford, in which Wisconsin lawmakers’ proposed map elimi-nated any possibility of opponent victories. This violated the ‘‘one person, one vote’’ principle that came out of Baker v. Carr in 1962. So to create a map that would uphold this principle, Tam Cho used the Univer-sity’s supercomputers to draw billions of po-tential districts. The maps that were decided to be fairest, were the ones with the lowest efficiency gap or ‘‘packing and cracking.’’ Using these third party algorithms, States can effectively make sure that every Amer-ican has a say in politics, and uphold the democratic values this country was founded on. LILLIAN CAZAYOUX , CHAMPLAIN VALLEY UNION  
HIGH SCHOOL , JUNIOR  There is no doubt in my mind that the big-gest problem in the country, as well as in Vermont, is the opioid epidemic. No matter where you go, it’s impossible to find any community that has not been affected by scourge of these drugs. Whether it’s an ad-diction to prescription painkillers, or dan-gerous street drugs like heroin, we need to dedicate greater resources to fighting them. Opioid death tolls have been on the rise over the past two decades and began to ac-celerate rapidly in 2011. Opioid overdose deaths nearly doubled over the last five years, surpassing 42,200 nationwide in 2016. In Vermont the death toll was 100. Opioids don’t care where you come from, nor do they discriminate based on socioeconomic status. Twenty of the deaths in Vermont occurred with people who had no high school diploma, however, an equal number occurred with peo-ple who had a college degree. No matter who you are, you are just as susceptible to opioid addiction. It’s time as Vermonters, as Amer-icans, as citizens who care for one another, that we take a stand. There are two aspects to this problem that must be addressed and fixed; keeping addicts alive, as well as preventing more people from becoming addicted. The big dangers with these drugs are how easy it is to overdose on them, and the dis-eases contracted by injecting with unsterile needles. The first thing we must do is pre-serve the lives at risk, by preventing fatal overdoses. I believe the best solution to that would be to open supervised injection sites. Popular in Europe, supervised injection sites allow addicts to use drugs with sanitary ma-terials, provide treatment consultation, as well as medical help in the case of an over-dose emergency. With newer, more potent drugs on the market such as fentanyl, it’s crucial we find a quick way to save these lives before thousands more are lost. These supervised injection sites would provide a chance to preserve lives until users can make the decision to begin the rehabilita-tion process. The main goal of implementing these sites would be to reduce the immediate health issues that opioid addiction presents, as well as attempting to refer the addicts into treatment. The other preemptive part of this plan would be targeting doctors that over-pre-scribe highly addictive opioids in unneces-sary cases. I believe more stringent rules regulating these prescriptions could prevent many people from becoming addicted to these medicines in the first place, before they turn to the cheaper more dangerous cousin, heroin. Attacking the epidemic from both sides of the problem could be the solution to saving lives from opioid addictions. VIJAYATA DAHAL , WINOOSKI HIGH SCHOOL , 
JUNIOR  I was eight years old when I immigrated to the United States with my family from Bhu-tan and Nepal. With us, we brought hope. Hope for better economic opportunities, bet-ter education, and a brighter future. Most importantly, we hoped for a country to call home. Immigrants built America and it thrives because of them. The opportunity to migrate to the United States should be open to every-one despite their race, religion, and the color of their skin. Today, the President wants to stop immigration, deport 11 million undocu-mented immigrants, and eliminate the pro-gram that protects the children of illegal im-migrants. Like my parents, millions of im-migrants have migrated to the United States for centuries. Some come to flee violence. Some want religious freedom. Some come to escape poverty. Some come to have a home. According to Michael Shear of the New York Times, the president banned people from seven predominantly Muslim countries to protect the United States from terror at-tacks. Ironically, non-Muslims commit more terrorist attacks in the United States. Ac-cording to Ruiz-Grossman’s article in the Huffington Post, white supremacists, mili-tias, and sovereign citizens carried out 115 cases of terrorist attacks on the U.S. soil; Islamist extremists executed 63 terrorist at-tacks. The President should use his power to find a solution to stop the white suprema-cists rather than banning thousands of inno-cent human beings who are in search of a home. In the United States, there are approxi-mately 11.3 million illegal immigrants, many of whom brought their children along. Ac-cording to Jennah Moon of The New Yorker, almost 800,000 undocumented immigrants came to the U.S. as children. These children are protected by a federal program—known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA. DACA allows the Dreamers the right to live, study, and work in the United States. In September 2017, the Trump administra-tion announced plans to eliminate DACA and gave Congress six months to come up with a legislative solution. The new development has put the Dreamers at risk. Thousands of Dreamers have worked hard to attend schools, serve the government, and establish their careers. If Congress doesn’t pass legis-lation, innocent children and young adults will be deported. The U.S. should make background checks more efficient. America should not deport the 11 million undocumented immigrants. Instead, they should get the right to become citizens of the United States so that they re-ceive the same opportunities as legal immi-grants. Finally, Congress should create a plan that allows the Dreamers to work, study, and live in the United States and be-come citizens. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE6.032 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S607 February 5, 2018 
Immigration makes America unique. Our Nation was built and run by immigrants. Even the ones who are born here are all de-scendants of immigrants who came here flee-ing poverty and violence, in search of a brighter future. The doors of America were open then, and they should stay open now to welcome the ‘‘tired, poor, huddled masses yearning to breathe free.’’ 
PAIGE GREENIA , MISSISQUOI VALLEY UNION HIGH  
SCHOOL , JUNIOR  How do people attain the goods that they want when the government makes them ille-gal? They turn to the black market. Now more than ever the United States is seeing a push to take certain goods out of the black market system. Right now, the major topic on the federal level is marijuana. Currently, several States have completely legalized the sale and use of marijuana, and several others are in the middle of making their decision. It would be in the best interest of the whole country to move toward legalizing and de-criminalizing marijuana. Actions towards decriminalizing and legal-izing marijuana would make the marijuana trade, something that people that are going to do no matter if it’s legal or not, much safer. The first way is that the government could set regulations on the growing and production of the substance. The government could establish a few trustworthy growers across the country to grow the marijuana to governmental safety standards and make sure that consumers don’t have to worry about their products being laced with harm-ful substances. According to the American Addiction Centers, marijuana can be laced with dangerous substances such as lead, glass, heroin, PCP, laundry detergent and co-caine. In addition, if the Federal and State governments worked towards making mari-juana a non-black market trade, officials would see countless less drug deal-related deaths and injuries. This is significant be-cause according to Bill Conroy of ‘‘The Narcosphere’’, ‘‘the number of people mur-dered in the drug war inside the United States between 2006 and 2010 exceeds the U.S. troop death toll in the Iraq War.’’ If mari-juana isn’t part of the black market, there cannot be drug dealers who are willing to do anything possible to get their money. If users don’t have to be secretive about their use, they will be less likely to be hostile and more likely to get help and the amount of drug incidents will decrease. If the govern-ment officials take marijuana off the black market, it will make communities safer. In the interest of saving the government money, the decriminalization and legaliza-tion of marijuana can contribute majorly. If the government legalizes marijuana, they can alleviate the cost of making arrests re-lated to marijuana use. After all, ‘‘authori-ties spend more than $3.6 billion enforcing laws against marijuana possession’’ accord-ing to a frequently cited report by the Amer-ican Civil Liberties Union. Fifty-two percent of all arrests made in 2010 were due to mari-juana related incidents, and a staggering 700,000 marijuana arrests were made in 2014. As a baseline statistic, the average cost to keep an inmate in a New York state prison is around $60,000 per inmate annually. All the money saved by the State and Federal gov-ernments could be more appropriately be dedicated to lessening the country’s increas-ing national debt. For these reasons, the decriminalization and legalization of marijuana for rec-reational use, removing it from the black market, would benefit not only our state, but the entire country. 
KAITLINN LITTLE , WINOOSKI HIGH SCHOOL , 
SENIOR  I am afraid to walk down the street. I can-not afford to spend mental energy on how I present myself in order to remain sexually safe. Instead, I focus on leaving a positive and impactful mark on this world. From a young age, my sex wasn’t an obstacle in any-thing I did. I played with pink and blue toys. Stranger danger applied to all children. I played in the mud with a dress on. Then, I wanted to look like Barbie. I wanted to be rescued by a prince instead of saving myself. Children on the playground told me when a boy was mean, it meant he had a crush. Slowly but surely, we fell into the roles we were taught to follow. Today, women are coming forward and insisting that sexism is still an issue and I find that from the shal-low strides I take in the presence of a man, this reality is with me, too. According to ‘‘Psychology Today’’, 56% of women in the United States are dissatisfied with their appearance. I’ve seen that young and old women will change their looks or even who they are so that a man will accept and notice them. Carolyn Coker Ross, MD says that how media portrays female bodies influences how women see themselves. She writes about the physical alterations women started performing during the 1800’s. Women have put themselves in danger through plas-tic surgery to be ‘‘beautiful.’’ Such behavior should not be socially acceptable. Bio-logically, humans look for traits in a mate that they consider attractive. We were not built to harm ourselves to reach that appear-ance. Gender roles in the past assigned women to be meek. Although the roles aren’t as black and white today, those mentalities are still common throughout media. People in power make it difficult to move forward. Planned Parenthood explains that gender roles can occur in different forms such as personality traits, domestic behaviors, occupation, and physical appearances. But there are also ways to fight back, such as pointing out stereotyping in media to help people become aware of it. Speaking out about roles that could hurt us will draw attention to the issue. Speaking up for victims of sexism will spread awareness. And finally, not strictly following traditional norms will open peo-ple’s minds. No drastic measures need to be made in order to prove a point. Simply being yourself, no matter how you act, dress, or look, should be the American norm. My existence is not to be blanketed by fear but to thrive as a woman who is beneficial to a world that is hurting. If we are silent, power remains in the hands of those who im-pose silence on us. Listening to the people who witness hate with their own eyes surely will bring some relief to American women who are afraid to stride with the confidence and strength they are meant to have. DUNCAN MCGRADE , CHAMPLAIN VALLEY UNION  
HIGH SCHOOL , SOPHOMORE  Today, the United States faces its greatest threat since the Cold War. It does not have a flag, or an ideology. It is unarmed, but deadly. It is the critical issue of our times. The greatest challenge America faces today comes from climate change and the unwill-ingness to act to stop it. The 2017 Atlantic hurricane season broke records with 17 storms, hundreds of direct fatalities, and $292,000,000,000 in damages. It was the first such hurricane season, but it will not be the last. Scientists are still assessing the un-precedented hurricane season of last year, but the Union of Concerned Scientists has made clear that new, unnatural climatic conditions have worsened natural disasters, and will continue to do so. With millions of people living near the Caribbean and the eastern seaboard, including in U.S. states and territories, inaction is unacceptable. Funding must be provided to create, im-prove, or maintain storm resistant infra-structure and housing, and to treat the cause: climate change. New climate threats are not only impact-ing the East Coast—far from it. The West Coast has been plagued with yet another se-ries of un-natural disasters: wildfires. Wildfires are short but destroy lives none-theless. In the past year alone, thousands have been displaced, and 46 people have been killed. Experts fear this is merely a har-binger of far worse wildfire seasons to come, and the mass damage, casualties, and dis-placement that they will bring. Climate change displacement is not only an American problem, but a global one. Today, 21.5 million people have been forcibly displaced due to directly climate-related events, according to the UNHCR. Many of these refugees have fled to developed states, which have largely failed in their humani-tarian obligations. Developed states must do better because millions more climate refu-gees are expected in the coming years. Di-rectly climate related catastrophes are not the only force behind the greatest refugee crisis since the Second World War. Outright resource conflict has reared its head, with resource scarcity and inequality an amplifier of other conflicts that directly impact U.S. interests, such as the disruption of merchant shipping in vital maritime chokepoints due to piracy, a behavior fundamentally driven by poverty. For pragmatic and moral rea-sons, the U.S. must address poverty at home and overseas. One way to manage this issue is at the source, by halting climate induced scarcity of resources. Today, the United States faces a critical threat: climate change. The death and de-struction caused by climate change is no longer a hypothetical. It is a current and critical threat to the security of the people of the United States and the globe, today and tomorrow. Climate change has already caused catastrophic environmental and hu-manitarian crises. The United States must halt climate change by subsidizing the blos-soming green energy movement, aiding worker transition to renewable energy ca-reers, correcting an anti-science culture, and re-entering the Paris Climate Accord imme-diately. We must act now because America’s lethargy of today is humanity’s calamity of tomorrow. JAKE MCNEIL , MILTON HIGH SCHOOL , SENIOR  Vermont is a unique State that is com-prised of small, tight-knit communities; these communities have a close relationship with local government. Teachers, a vital component to both the community and in promoting students to be forward-thinkers, help shape Vermont into the innovative and creative state that it is. Lately, however, there has been a lack of consideration in re-gards to the teachers who are at the heart of Vermont’s schools and communities. Scat-tered across our Facebook feeds and blasted from our car radios are stories of local school districts’ strife. For decades, teacher strikes have become commonplace, each with a lasting impact on the Vermont edu-cation system. The Vermont-National Edu-cation Association, VT-NEA, has recorded over 26 strikes in the state. However, this issue is not just relevant to Vermont, but every State across the country. Teachers are a fundamental part of our school systems and are influential in the development of fu-ture generations, which is why I believe it is essential that attention is paid to the under-lying issues that spark these strikes. From underfunded schools and issues with em-ployee contracts to unsatisfactory working conditions and hefty workloads, the laundry list of problems is anything but miniscule. We must do two things: open the door to pro-ductive communication by letting teachers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE6.033 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES608 February 5, 2018 
air their grievances, and have school boards focus more resources on trying to resolve those issues. This will help teachers attain and deliver the curricula they desire by co-ordinating cost saving measures, all without breaking the town budgets. The students of America, our future generation, deserve an education without interruption. We need to have teachers and leadership communicate constantly to get the schools and outcomes we desire. By engaging in pro-ductive, civil and persistent dialogue be-tween all parties, teachers serve as models in promoting the behaviors they want to instill in their students, like myself, and the com-munity: standing up against injustice, mak-ing difficult decisions, and insisting on being treated with dignity and respect—despite such actions being perceived as very difficult and unpopular. In essence, continual dia-logue among all parties is a more productive, and instructive, model for our teachers and leadership to follow. The process of con-tinual dialogue will help all parties involved identify areas in the system that need fund-ing by communicating and pinpointing the specific areas of interest: materials, profes-sional development, and teacher contracts. This allows leadership to make informed choices about budgeting, which is a more ef-fective use of limited funds. Education is an essential service, and as such we must strive to make it better. As President John F. Kennedy said, ‘‘The race between education and erosion, between wis-dom and waste has not run its course.’’ We are still in the race, and by having teachers, state, and national leadership continue to work together, we can place ourselves in the best position to win the race. As Americans, it is critical for citizens to support the edu-cators that shape our communities into the melting pot of growth and creativity that they are today. 
LILY MINER , CHAMPLAIN VALLEY UNION HIGH  
SCHOOL , SENIOR  During this first year of the Donald Trump presidency, we have witnessed many ques-tionable decisions being made for our coun-try that not only affect us, but also those around the world in a negative way. One par-ticular decision, however, has set our coun-try on a path to continue the horrific dam-age being done to Earth. President Trump’s adjudication to pull out of the Paris Climate Agreement has left us as the only nation in the world to oppose it since Syria signed to join in November. The main objective for this agreement was to restrict levels of CO2 emissions from each country. The con-sequences of Trump’s withdrawal are grave, as CO2 levels in the atmosphere have risen past 400 parts per million—levels that are al-ready superseding what Earth can handle to support the flora and fauna living on it. Con-tinuing this trend will most likely result in a mass extinction event. Hearing the White House argue that re-moving us from the agreement will help boost our economy filled much of the Amer-ican public as well as climate experts around the globe with a sense of outrage. We have already accumulated a surplus of evidence that manmade climate change is having a drastic negative impact. In the past two dec-ades, sea levels have risen at a rate of .13 inches, which is twice the rate of the past century. From 1992 to 2011, Greenland lost 152 billion tons of ice per year, West Antarc-tica lost 65 billion per year, and the Ant-arctic Peninsula lost 20 billion per year. In-creased intensity in extreme weather includ-ing hurricanes, floods, and snowstorms has been recorded since the 1950’s. These are just a fraction of the plethora of examples. Given the massive amount of damage that has al-ready been done, how can it be justified to place the economy as a higher priority? This choice is especially irresponsible when considering the fact that the United States produces more excess CO2 than any other country. While there are many factors to blame, one of the largest and least nec-essary of these is the use of fossil fuels. They provide 81% of the energy in the United States, yet they are both incredibly harmful and incredibly easy to replace. A change needs to be made. It is imperative that we as a global super-power begin to invest in renewable energy such as wind and solar. Many economists agree that the long term benefits from switching to renewable energy would out-weigh the short term costs, improving the economy through more environmentally sound means. Certainly a more competent course of action than removing ourselves from the Paris Agreement. Though the cost of installation for these methods are pricier than more conventional ones, they have no fuel costs once they are functioning and the maintenance costs are cheaper. The United States has not only the resources, but the duty to fight against these issues. We need to combat this now, because we will not be given a second chance later. ∑ f MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and withdrawals which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4292. An act to reform the living will process under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 4292. An act to reform the living will process under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bills were read the first time: 
H.R. 1551. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power fa-cilities. H.R. 2372. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the rules re-lating to veteran health insurance and eligi-bility for the premium tax credit. H.R. 2579. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. f EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4137. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Flonicamid; Pesticide Tolerances for Emergency Exemptions’’ (FRL No. 9971–94) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4138. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Difenoconazole; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9971–95) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 29, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4139. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Calcium Salts of Phosphorous Acid; Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9970–96) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 29, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4140. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Bacillus thuringiensis Cry51Aa2.834_16; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9972–62) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4141. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Procurement of Commercial Items’’ ((RIN0750–AJ01) (DFARS Case 2016–D006)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4142. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Devel-opment and Acquisition), transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Repair of Naval Vessels in For-eign Shipyards’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4143. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: State Sponsor of Terrorism—North Korea’’ ((RIN0750–AJ68) (DFARS Case 2018–D004)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 29, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4144. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE6.034 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S609 February 5, 2018 
to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Addi-tion of Certain Entities; Removal of Certain Entities; and Revisions of Entries on the En-tity List’’ (RIN0694–AH43) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 29, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4145. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to transnational criminal organizations that was declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4146. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Libya that was originally declared in Execu-tive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4147. A communication from the Chief Counsel, United States Mint, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Exchange of Coin’’ (31 CFR Part 100) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4148. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Annual Update of Filing Fees’’ ((RIN1902–AF47) (Docket No. RM18–3–000)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–4149. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Onshore Oil and Gas; Annual Civil Penalties Inflation Adjust-ments’’ (RIN1004–AE51) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–4150. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Reactor Regulation, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Adjust-ment of Civil Penalties for Inflation for Fis-cal Year 2018’’ ((RIN3150–AJ83) (NRC–2016– 0166)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4151. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants: Off-Site Waste and Recovery Operations’’ (FRL No. 9972–89– OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4152. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Chlorfenapyr; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9970–88) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4153. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Nonattainment New Source Review Require-ments for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9973–37–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4154. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Massachusetts; Revised Format for Materials Being Incor-porated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9972–53–Re-gion 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4155. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan National Priorities List: Deletion of the Hatheway and Patterson Superfund Site’’ (FRL No. 9973–52–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4156. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Nonattainment Plans for the Lemont and Pekin SO2 Non-attainment Areas’’ (FRL No. 9973–48–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4157. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Infra-structure SIP Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9973–49–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4158. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Sunset Date for At-torney Advisors Program’’ (RIN0960–AI26) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4159. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Additional Guid-ance Under Section 965 and Guidance Under Sections 863 and 6038 in Connection with the Repeal of Section 958(b) (4)’’ (Notice 2018–13) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4160. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Procedure Modifying Revenue Procedure 2018–5’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4161. A communication from the Sec-retary General of the Inter-Parliamentary Union, transmitting, a report relative to the Annual 2017 Session of the Parliamentary Conference on the World Trade Organization; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4162. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2018–0007—2018–0009); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4163. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects: Delay of the Revisions to the Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects’’ (34 CFR Part 97) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4164. A communication from the White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, seven (7) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Depart-ment of Education, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4165. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for Regu-latory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Adjustment of Civil Penalties’’ (RIN1212–AB33) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4166. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for Regu-latory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Pay-able in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4167. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Provision of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 Relating to the Dispensing of Nar-cotic Drugs for Opioid Use Disorder’’ ((RIN1117–AB42) (Docket No. DEA–450)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4168. A communication from the Chief Privacy Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the implementation of the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission for the period from April 1, 2017, through Sep-tember 30, 2017; to the Committees on the Judiciary; Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs; and Select Committee on In-telligence. EC–4169. A communication from the Vice Chairman and Executive Director of the Ad-ministrative Conference of the United States, transmitting, a report of five rec-ommendations adopted by the Administra-tive Conference of the United States at its 68th Plenary Session; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4170. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–97; Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–97) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4171. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE6.007 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES610 February 5, 2018 
and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Civil Penalties Inflation Adjust-ments’’ (RIN1024–AE40) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–4172. A communication from the Asso-ciate Deputy General Counsel , Office of the Director of National Intelligence, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. EC–4173. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legal Policy, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Monetary Penalties Inflation Adjustment’’ (OAG 159) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4174. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2018’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–4175. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Trade Agreements Thresholds’’ ((RIN9000–AN60) (FAC 2005–97)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4176. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–97; Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ (FAC 2005–97) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4177. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V.’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1182)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4178. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1183)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4179. A communication from the Para-legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; ATR–GIE Avions de Transport Regional Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1170)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4180. A communication from the Para-legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; ATR–GIE Avions de Transport Regional Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1178)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4181. A communication from the Para-legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; ATR–GIE Avions de Transport Regional Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1177)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4182. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2017–0627)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4183. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2017–1180)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4184. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2017–1181)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4185. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0807)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4186. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0251)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4187. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0519)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4188. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0698)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4189. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0500)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4190. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Gulfstream Aerospace Cor-poration Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0910)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4191. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0660)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4192. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce Corporation Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0750)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4193. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0513)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4194. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1173)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4195. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Enstrom Helicopter Cor-poration Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1191)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 29, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4196. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (pre-viously Eurocopter France’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE6.009 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S611 February 5, 2018 
(Docket No. FAA–2017–0671)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 29, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4197. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Truck-ee, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0565)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4198. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Greenwood/Wonder Lake, IL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0459)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4199. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion of Class E Airspace; Eaton Rapids, MI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0209)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4200. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Madras, OR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0615)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4201. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Pueb-lo, CO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0666)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4202. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Part 95 In-strument Flight Rules; Miscellaneous Amendments; Amendment No. 537’’ (RIN2120– AA63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4203. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (55); Amdt. No. 3777’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4204. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (30); Amdt. No. 3778’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4205. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (97); Amdt. No. 3779’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4206. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (71); Amdt. No. 3780’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4207. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Savannah River, Savannah, GA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0973)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4208. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Oregon Inlet, Dare County, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0964)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4209. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Spa Creek, Annapolis, MD’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0994)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4210. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Quantuck Canal, Westhampton Beach, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0311)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4211. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Ashley River, Charleston, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0776)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 29, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4212. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Office of the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Adjustment to Civil Penalty Amounts’’ (16 CFR Part 1) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4213. A communication from the Acting Chairman of the Office of Proceedings, Sur-face Transportation Board, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Mon-etary Penalties—2018 Adjustment’’ (Docket No. EP 716) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4214. A communication from the Para-legal, Federal Transit Administration, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Co-ordination and Planning Area Reform’’ (RIN2132–AB33) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4215. A communication from the Senior Attorney, Maritime Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Maritime Security Program’’ (RIN2133– AB85) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4216. A communication from the Senior Attorney, Maritime Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Marine Highway Corridor Expansion, Revi-sion of the America’s Marine Highway Pro-gram Regulations’’ (RIN2133–AB84) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4217. A communication from the Senior Attorney, Maritime Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Requirements to Document U.S.-Flag Fish-ing Industry Vessels of 100 Feet or Greater in Registered Length’’ (RIN2133–AB86) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4218. A communication from the Regu-latory Ombudsman, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fees for the Unified Carrier Registration Plan and Agreement’’ (RIN2126–AC03) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 29, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4219. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Orchids in Growing Media From Tai-wan’’ (RIN0579–AE28) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4220. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, three (3) reports relative to vacancies in the De-partment of Agriculture, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 30, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4221. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Monetary Penalty In-flation Adjustment’’ (RIN0790–AK09) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE6.011 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES612 February 5, 2018 
EC–4222. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Homeland Defense and Global Security), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to assistance pro-vided by the Department of Defense (DoD) for sporting events during calendar year 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4223. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel for Operations, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, four (4) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 31, 2018; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4224. A communication from the Chair-man, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corpora-tion’s Strategic Plan for the period of 2018 through 2022; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4225. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of the Deputy Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects: Delay of the Revisions to the Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects’’ (24 CFR Part 60) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on February 1, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4226. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Restoring Internet Freedom’’ ((WC Docket No. 17–108) (FCC 17–166)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4227. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Enforcement Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Section 1.80(b) of the Com-mission’s Rules; Adjustment of Civil Mone-tary Penalties to Reflect Inflation’’ (DA 18– 12) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4228. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Protected Resources, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Rule to List the Giant Manta Ray as Threatened Under the Endangered Species Act’’ (RIN0648–XE390) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 31, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4229. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Voluntary Consensus Standards Up-date; Formaldehyde Emission Standards for Composite Wood Products’’ (FRL No. 9972–68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4230. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Consolidate Rules of Practice Gov-erning the Administrative Assessment of Civil Penalties, Issuance of Compliance Ac-tion Orders, and the Revocation/Termination or Suspension of Permits; Procedures for De-cisionmaking; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9971–52– OARM) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4231. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Community Right-to-Know; Adopting 2017 North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Codes for Toxics Release In-ventory (TRI) Reporting; Final Rule’’ ((RIN2070–AK32) (FRL No. 9970–02)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–4232. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Arkansas; Approval of Re-gional Haze State Implementation Plan Re-visions for NOx for Electric Generating Units in Arkansas’’ (FRL No. 9973–30–Region 6) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4233. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Infrastruc-ture SIP Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS; Multistate Transport’’ (FRL No. 9973–59–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4234. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Regional Haze Five-Year Progress Report State Imple-mentation Plan’’ (FRL No. 9973–58–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4235. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), transmit-ting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 1, 2018; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4236. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, National Indian Gaming Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fees’’ (25 CFR Part 514) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on January 31, 2018; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 118. A bill to make exclusive the author-ity of the Federal Government to regulate the labeling of products made in the United States and introduced in interstate or for-eign commerce, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–203). S. 701. A bill to improve the competitive-ness of United States manufacturing by des-ignating and supporting manufacturing com-munities (Rept. No. 115–204). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: S. 1887. A bill to grant expedited hiring au-thority to the head of an agency to appoint college graduates and post-secondary stu-dents (Rept. No. 115–205). f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 2366. A bill to provide an adjustment to the discretionary spending limits for appro-priations for the 2020 decennial census; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 2367. A bill to provide relief from re-moval and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long-term United States residents and who entered the United States before reaching the age of 18, improve border security, foster United States engagement in Central America, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 2368. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for carbon diox-ide and other greenhouse gas emission fees, reduce the rate of the corporate income tax, provide tax credits to workers, deliver addi-tional benefits to retired and disabled Amer-icans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): S. 2369. A bill to authorize aboriginal sub-sistence whaling pursuant to the regulations of the International Whaling Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 2370. A bill to better support our early childhood educators and elementary school and secondary school teachers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. 2371. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the definition of municipal solid waste; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. H ELLER ): S. 2372. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial recep-tacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 2373. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the credit for production of refined coal; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. K
EN-
NEDY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 2374. A bill to amend the Improper Pay-ments Elimination and Recovery Improve-ment Act of 2012, including making changes to the Do Not Pay Initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of im-proper payments to deceased individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE6.013 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S613 February 5, 2018 
By Mr. BROWN: S. 2375. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Re-porting Act to allow consumers to prohibit certain consumer reporting agencies from re-leasing any information in the files of those consumers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 2376. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. Res. 391. A resolution calling for the im-mediate extradition or rendering to the United States of convicted felons William Morales, Joanne Chesimard, and all other fu-gitives from justice who are receiving safe harbor in Cuba in order to escape prosecu-tion or confinement for criminal offenses committed in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 223 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 223, a bill to provide immunity from suit for certain individuals who dis-close potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contribu-tions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 292 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Illi-nois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 292, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising child-hood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 337 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Sen-ator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 337, a bill to provide paid family and medical leave benefits to certain individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 569 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. KAINE) were added as co-sponsors of S. 569, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 888 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 888, a bill to amend the Higher Education Opportunity Act to add dis-closure requirements to the institution financial aid offer form and to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to make such form mandatory. 
S. 889 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 889, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to make tech-nical improvements to the Net Price Calculator system so that prospective students may have a more accurate un-derstanding of the true cost of college. 
S. 974 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 974, a bill to promote competition in the market for drugs and biological products by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and bio-similar versions of those drugs and bio-logical products. 
S. 999 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 999, a bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to perma-nently prohibit the conduct of offshore drilling on the outer Continental Shelf in the Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, North Atlantic, and Straits of Florida planning areas. 
S. 1286 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1286, a bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba. 
S. 1500 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1500, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Act to ensure that the reciprocal deposits of an in-sured depository institution are not considered to be funds obtained by or through a deposit broker, and for other purposes. S. 1628 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1628, a bill to revise counseling re-quirements for certain borrowers of student loans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1774 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ) and the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1774, a bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from se-lecting representation by a labor orga-nization. 
S. 1864 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1864, a bill to expand the use of open textbooks in order to achieve sav-ings for students. 
S. 1903 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1903, a bill to assist communities af-fected by stranded nuclear waste, and for other purposes. 
S. 2037 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2037, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 regarding propri-etary institutions of higher education in order to protect students and tax-payers. 
S. 2127 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2127, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mariners of World War II, in recognition of their dedi-cated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 2143 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2143, a bill to amend the Na-tional Labor Relations Act to strength-en protections for employees wishing to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employ-ment, to expand coverage under such Act, to provide a process for achieving initial collective bargaining agree-ments, and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2173 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2173, a bill to amend subpart 2 of part B of title IV of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE6.016 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES614 February 5, 2018 
the Social Security Act to extend State court funding for child welfare, and for other purposes. 
S. 2208 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2208, a bill to provide for the issuance of an Alzheimer’s Disease Re-search Semipostal Stamp. 
S. 2269 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2269, a bill to reauthor-ize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years. 
S. 2275 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2275, a bill to provide for the adjust-ment of status of certain nationals of Liberia to that of lawful permanent residents and for other purposes. 
S. 2278 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2278, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas. 
S. 2296 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2296, a bill to increase access to agency guidance documents. 
S. 2317 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2317, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for addi-tional flexibility with respect to medi-cation-assisted treatment for opioid use disorders, and for other purposes. 
S. 2322 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2322, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to define the term natural cheese. 
S. 2353 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2353, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to report on the esti-mated total assets under direct or indi-rect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes. 
S. 2356 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2356, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to address staffing and other issues at facilities, including underserved facilities, of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. S. 2357 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2357, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to review the proc-esses and requirements of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for scheduling appointments for health care and con-ducting consultations under the laws administered by the Secretary, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 368 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 368, a resolution supporting the right of all Iranian citizens to have their voices heard. 
S. RES. 377 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 377, a resolution recog-nizing the importance of paying tribute to those individuals who have faith-fully served and retired from the Armed Forces of the United States, designating April 18, 2018, as ‘‘Military Retiree Appreciation Day’’, and en-couraging the people of the United States to honor the past and continued service of military retirees to their local communities and the United States. 
S. RES. 385 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 385, a resolution supporting the observation of ‘‘Na-tional Trafficking and Modern Slavery Prevention Month’’ during the period beginning on January 1, 2018, and end-ing on February 1, 2018, to raise aware-ness of, and opposition to, human traf-ficking and modern slavery. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 391—CALL-ING FOR THE IMMEDIATE EX-TRADITION OR RENDERING TO THE UNITED STATES OF CON-VICTED FELONS WILLIAM MO-RALES, JOANNE CHESIMARD, AND ALL OTHER FUGITIVES FROM JUSTICE WHO ARE RE-CEIVING SAFE HARBOR IN CUBA IN ORDER TO ESCAPE PROSECU-TION OR CONFINEMENT FOR CRIMINAL OFFENSES COM-MITTED IN THE UNITED STATES Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 391 Whereas William Morales, leader and chief bomb-maker for the terrorist organization Fuerzas Armadas de Liberacio´n Nacional, committed numerous terrorist attacks on United States soil, including the bombings of Fraunces Tavern in lower Manhattan in 1975 and the Mobil Oil employment office in New York in 1977, which killed 5 people and in-jured over 60 others; Whereas Joanne Chesimard, one of the most wanted terrorists of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, was convicted of mur-dering New Jersey State Trooper Werner Foerster; Whereas more than 70 fugitives from the United States, charged with offenses ranging from hijacking to kidnapping to drug of-fenses to murder, are believed to be receiving safe harbor in Cuba; Whereas other fugitives from United States justice who are receiving safe harbor in Cuba include Charles Hill, wanted for the killing of a state trooper in New Mexico, and Victor Manuel Gerena, on the list of the 10 most wanted fugitives of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for carrying out a brutal robbery of a Wells Fargo armored car in Con-necticut; Whereas, according to the Treaty Between the United States and Cuba for the Mutual Extradition of Fugitives from Justice, signed at Washington April 6, 1904 (33 Stat. 2265), and the Additional Extradition Treaty Be-tween the United States and Cuba, signed at Havana, January 14, 1926 (44 Stat. 2392), the United States has a bilateral extradition treaty with Cuba; Whereas, in January 2002, the Government of Cuba deported to the United States Jesse James Bell, a United States fugitive wanted on drug charges; Whereas, in March 2002, the Government of Cuba extradited drug trafficker Luis Hernando Gomez Bustamante to Colombia, and Gomez Bustamante was subsequently ex-tradited to the United States in July 2007 to face drug trafficking charges; and Whereas it is imperative that the Govern-ment of Cuba abide by its extradition treaty with the United States and immediately ex-tradite or render to the United States those legally indicted or convicted of serious criminal offenses in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) calls for the immediate extradition or rendering to the United States of convicted felons William Morales, Joanne Chesimard, and all other fugitives from justice who are receiving safe harbor in Cuba in order to es-cape prosecution or confinement for criminal offenses committed in the United States; (2) urges the international community to continue to press for the immediate extra-dition or rendering of all fugitives from jus-tice that are receiving safe harbor in Cuba; and (3) calls on the Secretary of State and the Attorney General to continue to press for the immediate extradition or rendering of all fugitives from United States justice so that they may be tried and, if convicted, serve out their sentences. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1921. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 582, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone sys-tems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 with-out dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1921. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 582, to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require multi- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE6.018 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S615 February 5, 2018 
line telephone systems to have a con-figuration that permits users to di-rectly initiate a call to 9–1-1 without dialing any additional digit, code, pre-fix, or post-fix, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Beginning on page 4, strike line 10 and all that follows through page 5, line 2, and insert the following: (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to a multi-line telephone system that is manufactured, imported, offered for first sale or lease, first sold or leased, or installed after the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 1551, H.R. 2372, AND H.R. 2579 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that there are three bills at the desk, and I ask for their first read-ing en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bills by title for the first time en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1551) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power fa-cilities. A bill (H.R. 2372) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the rules re-lating to veteran health insurance and eligi-bility for the premium tax credit. A bill (H.R. 2579) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading, and I ob-ject to my own request, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bills will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
KARI’S LAW ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 582 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 582) to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require multi-line tele-phone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9– 1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 1921) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To modify the effective date) Beginning on page 4, strike line 10 and all that follows through page 5, line 2, and insert the following: (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to a multi-line telephone system that is manufactured, imported, offered for first sale or lease, first sold or leased, or installed after the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 582), as amended, was passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Feb-ruary 6; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein until 12 noon, and that the time be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:34 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, February 6, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate February 5, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
ANDREI IANCU, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND DIRECTOR OF THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE. 
f 
WITHDRAWALS Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on Feb-ruary 5, 2018 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nominations: 
KATHLEEN HARTNETT WHITE, OF TEXAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUAL-ITY, VICE NANCY HELEN SUTLEY, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2018. KATHLEEN TROIA MCFARLAND, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05FE6.022 S05FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE133 February 5, 2018 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF JOHN KEVIN HAUBER 
HON. BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Kevin Hauber for his dedicated service to Buffalo Grove as a firefighter and paramedic for more than two decades. For the past four years, Kevin continued to protect the people of Buffalo Grove while he fought a heroic battle against cancer. He sadly passed away last month, surrounded by his wife and four young daughters. Born and raised in Buffalo Grove, Kevin and his twin brother dreamed of becoming fire-fighters, inspired by a 1970s show about a California fire station. They both went on to become Buffalo Grove firefighters and para-medics, Kevin starting his full-time career in 1994. After a decade as a dedicated firefighter and paramedic, Kevin joined the Associated Firefighters of Illinois Honor Guard in 2004. The Honor Guard provides final honors to fall-en firefighters in the state, a job that Kevin took very seriously. Friend and colleague, Buf-falo Grove Fire Chief Mike Baker, said Kevin deeply believed in the mission of the honor guard, and always made himself available to serve at events that honored fallen comrades. Kevin’s dedication earned him the 2018 Donald J. Bower Commitment to Excellence Award. His commitment will be missed, along-side his caring and upbeat nature. Chief Bark-er recalled that Kevin ‘‘was always happy and never had anything bad to say about anyone, even when he was sick.’’ Kevin will be remembered for his indomi-table spirit and passion for protecting the peo-ple of Buffalo Grove, and honoring the lives of his fellow firefighters. We in the community are forever grateful for his service. I extend my sincerest condolences to Kevin’s wife Kimberly; daughters, Kaitlyn, Brooklyn, Nicole, and Megan; and all other family, friends, and colleagues who mourn his loss. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRAD AND VICKI SCHWARTZ 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Brad and Vicki Schwartz upon re-ceiving the prestigious Spirit of Outstanding Service Award from the La Can˜ada Flintridge Educational Foundation (LCFEF). As La Can˜ada Flintridge residents for almost three decades, Mr. and Mrs. Schwartz have been steadfast supporters of our public schools through their involvement with LCFEF, a vol-unteer-run organization that promotes an im-proved public education system within the La Can˜ada Unified School District by financing various projects and staff salaries. Mrs. Schwartz’s admirable contributions to education include serving on the LCFEF Board of Directors in the early 2000s, partici-pating in La Can˜ada Elementary School’s Par-ent Teacher Association, and most recently establishing the La Can˜ada Flintridge Sister Cities Program, which facilitates cultural and educational exchange for the local students. In addition to her support of our schools, Vicki is on the Leadership Team of Circle 1500 for the City of Hope Speaker’s Bureau and also serves on the Board of Directors of Cancer Support Community in Pasadena. The founder of Strategic Law Partners and SLP Ventures, Mr. Schwartz served as an LCFEF Endowment Trustee from 2011 to 2016 and was a primary leader in the Endow LCF Campaign, which raised over $1.4 million for the fund. His exemplary efforts in assisting our homeless include founding the annual La Can˜ada Flintridge fundraising event ‘‘Rockin’ for the Homeless’’ and serving as a board member of Union Station Homeless Services for several years. Brad currently serves on the Board of Directors of Innovate Pasadena and Descanso Gardens, as well as on the City of La Can˜ada Flintridge’s Investment and Fi-nance Committee. Exemplary models of leadership and inspira-tional service, Brad and Vicki Schwartz have generously contributed their time, effort and funds to enrich the lives of their community. I ask all members of Congress to join me in thanking Brad and Vicki Schwartz for many years of distinguished service to the commu-nity of La Can˜ada Flintridge and the greater Los Angeles area. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF WEAVE, INC. 
HON. AMI BERA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-memorate the 40th Anniversary of WEAVE, Inc. In 1978, WEAVE opened its first domestic violence shelter to survivors of domestic vio-lence and their families. In 1998, WEAVE became Sacramento County’s sole Rape Crisis Center, providing 24/7 support to sexual assault survivors. Since 2009, WEAVE has expanded its serv-ices to assist survivors of sex trafficking in the Sacramento region. WEAVE partners with law enforcement, educators and community associations to maintain public awareness and education about domestic violence, sexual assault, and sex trafficking. As the oldest and most comprehensive pro-vider of domestic violence services, and the sole Rape Crisis Center, in Sacramento Coun-ty, WEAVE operates shelters and safe houses across Sacramento County and administers multiple programs and counseling services for victims. WEAVE has grown from a grassroots orga-nization to a national leader in combatting do-mestic violence, sexual assault, and sex traf-ficking and has received several awards for its efforts. WEAVE should be commended for con-tinuing to build a community that no longer tol-erates sexual assault, domestic violence, and sex trafficking, especially as sexual harass-ment and assault have become a national dis-cussion. I want to thank WEAVE for their continued service and commitment to the people of Sac-ramento County. Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in congratulating WEAVE on 40 years of service to Sacramento County. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LIFE OF CHUCK HANSEN 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of a truly great American, Mr. Charles ‘‘Chuck’’ Hansen of El Cajon, California. Chuck was a highly re-garded and devoted civic leader whose name was synonymous with East San Diego County. Born in New York, Chuck served our nation by enlisting in the U.S. Navy before having a successful business career that included the New York Telephone Company, Avis Rental Car, and eventually Pacific Southwest Airlines, which brought him to San Diego. Chuck and his family made El Cajon their home where he would serve for decades with many local busi-ness and service organizations that helped make East County what it is today. Chuck’s leadership with the San Diego East County Chamber of Commerce was instru-mental in the Chamber becoming a thriving economic resource. He helped establish the San Diego East Visitors Bureau and chaired the San Diego County Tourism marketing pro-gram bringing much-deserved attention to East County to the tourism market that floods the San Diego region every year. At the same time, Chuck was serving as the Vice President of community relations for the Viejas Band of the Kumeyaay Indians, witnessing the eco-nomic and influential growth of a tribe that has long been an important part of our community. It was with Viejas that Chuck was able to help with a cause near and dear to Chuck’s heart, Stoney’s Kids, a non-profit organization dedi-cated to the under-privileged children of East County. While East County was Chuck’s primary focus, he was always looking for opportunities to bring new opportunities to the entire region. It was for this reason that Chuck served as Di-rector of the Americas Cup Task Force in San 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05FE8.001 E05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE134 February 5, 2018 
Diego where he was instrumental in bringing one of Americas most cherished and pres-tigious events to Americas Greatest City. Chuck also served on the board for the Holi-day Bowl Committee, the San Diego Conven-tion and Visitors Bureau and the USS Midway Museum. This work, along with his service to St. Mad-eleine Sophie’s Center, the Olaf Weighorst Museum, the Salvation Army and the Mother Goose Parade Committee, led to Chuck being named the 2015 El Cajon Citizen of the Year, an honor very much deserved. The editor of one of our local newspapers, the East County Herald, spoke for many when she asked, how do we say goodbye to a person we consid-ered a mentor, a collaborator, a friend? A man dedicated to our community, and one who worked tirelessly to improve the lives of all those around him, the loss of Chuck is felt throughout my district and he will truly be missed. My best to Chuck’s wife of 59 years, Dotty, as well as their four children, eight grand-children and seven great-grandchildren, with two more on the way. We are all blessed to have known Chuck, to work with Chuck and our community is definitely better for having had him as part of our East County family. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF REVEREND COREY J. NEAL 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an outstanding Man of God, the Reverend Corey J. Neal, who celebrated his 10th anniversary as the distinguished pas-tor of Greater Peace Baptist Church in Colum-bus, Georgia. An anniversary dinner was held on Saturday, February 3, 2018 at the Green Island Country Club at 6501 Standing Boy Road in Columbus. Rev. Neal is a native of Fort Benning, Geor-gia. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications from Columbus State Univer-sity. He holds a Master of Arts degree in Human Resource Management from Troy State University, and a Master of Science de-gree in Organization and Management from Capella University. He is currently working on his Ph.D. in Organizational Management with an emphasis in Human Resource Manage-ment at Capella University. Rev. Neal received God’s call to the ministry at the age of 27. Before becoming pastor of Greater Peace Baptist Church, he served as the Director of Christian Education, Youth Pastor, and Assistant Pastor under his grand-father, the admirable Reverend E.L. Sullivan. Not one to rest on his laurels, Rev. Neal is an active member of many civic organizations where he continuously seeks to pour his time and energy into his community. He currently serves on the Mayor’s Commission on Unity, Diversity, and Prosperity, and the Mayor’s Op-portunity Center Task Force. He is also a proud and active member of the Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc., the Open Door Community Center Board of Directors, the Columbus Georgia Family Connection Coalition, and the 100 Black Men of America, Columbus, Geor-gia Chapter. A dedicated teacher of the word, Rev. Neal currently serves as the President for the 4th District of the General Missionary Baptist Con-vention of Georgia and the 1st Vice-Moderator for the Mt. Calvary Association. He is also cer-tified by the National Baptist Sunday School Publishing Board as a Certified Instructor for the local, state, and national Congress of Christian Education. Rev. Neal has achieved much in his life but none of it would be possible without the love and support of his loving wife, Victoria and their daughter, Meghan. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me, the congregation of Greater Peace Baptist Church, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Congressional District in congratulating Reverend Corey J. Neal for 10 outstanding years of pastorship at Greater Peace Baptist Church in Columbus, Georgia. He has truly implemented the Word of God in his congregation and in the commu-nity. I am profoundly grateful for his out-standing Christian stewardship and dedication to his church and family. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF JOHN CAMACHO SALAS 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the late John Camacho Salas, Ph.D. John was a proud son of Guam and faithful public servant throughout his life. John served the people of Guam as a senator in the 24th and 25th Guam Legisla-tures. He was born on January 21, 1948 and passed away on Friday, January 26, 2018. John was the son of Juan Chargualaf Salas and Ofra Camacho Salas. He was the eldest of nine children, and together the family trav-eled the world to various duty stations before returning to Guam in 1958. He graduated from Father Duenas Memorial School in 1965 and went on to graduate from Northern Colorado State College in 1969. John went on to re-ceive his master’s of arts degree in edu-cational supervision from the University of Connecticut, and then a doctor of philosophy degree in industrial and technical management in 1974. John spent most of his career serving in dif-ferent capacities in the field of education. He was a Curriculum Specialist with the Con-necticut State Department of Education and was also the Deputy Superintendent of Public Instruction for the Guam Public School Sys-tem. John also served as a consultant to the Eastern Region U.S. Navy Recruiting Com-mand. John’s passion and commitment to edu-cation was evident through his service as a professor for the Universities of Connecticut and Bridgeport. Most notably, John was the founding president of the Guam Community College and served as the 7th president of the University of Guam. John’s contributions to the community spanned wider than the field of education. He was a talk show host on K57 AM radio and served as the first executive director of the Guam Hotel and Restaurant Association. He worked in private business and owned a con-sulting firm specializing in human resources and tourism. He gave his time freely to charitable and civic organizations. He was a district governor of the Guam Lions Club and was involved with the Guam Red Cross, Guam Special Olym-pics, and the Chamorro District of the Boy Scouts of America. John was also a member of the College of Micronesia Board of Trustees and served as the chairman of the Guam Community College Board of Trustees. I will always remember John for his passion and tireless commitment to improving the live-lihood of the people of Guam and his advo-cacy in education. I am deeply saddened by his death, and I join the people of Guam in celebrating his life, and recognizing and re-membering his dedicated service to Guam. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife, Leslie and their children Jason and Stacy. He will be missed, and his memory will live on in the hearts of the people of Guam. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. ALLEN DIMON 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate constituent Dr. Allen ‘‘Doc’’ Dimon on his one-hundredth birthday and to recognize his important service to our local community and the entire country. A lifelong resident of Waverly, New York, Dr. Dimon served in the United States Army Medical Corps during World War II and was deployed in France. After the war, Dr. Dimon went to work as an optometrist and continued to serve his community in that role for fifty years. At age fifty, he earned his pilot’s license and continued to fly into his seventies. Dr. Dimon served on the boards of Guthrie Clinic/Robert Packer Hospital and the old Tioga General Hospital as well as the Waverly School Board. He is a current member of Ro-tary International, the Salvation Army, the Red Cross, the Methodist Church in Waverly, and is the founding member of the ‘‘ROMEO’’ (Re-tired Old Men Eating Out) group at Becky’s Diner in Waverly. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Dr. Allen Dimon on his one-hundredth birthday and wishing him continued happiness and success in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING AND RECOGNIZING THE TOWN OF MEXICO, MAINE FOR THEIR BICENTENNIAL 
HON. BRUCE POLIQUIN 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 200th Anniversary of the Town of Mexico, Maine. Mexico is a small mill town, full of hardworking Mainers with a strong, community-minded spirit. Since its settlement in 1780 and incorpora-tion as a town on February 13, 1818, Mexico has proved to be a friendly and welcoming town, supporting and fostering freedom and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05FE8.004 E05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE135 February 5, 2018 
independence. The name ‘‘Mexico’’ flows from its residents’ admiration for the country of Mexico, and its struggle and separation from Spanish domination. An active military town, Mexico sent over 80 of its very own to fight with the Union Army during the Civil War. No-table individuals such as Chummy Broomhall, a World War II soldier, American cross country skier. and Olympian, and the Hon. Charles Walton, former Maine lawyer and United States Congressman hail from Mexico, Maine. Today, the legacy of these and other honor-able citizens thrives in Mexico. It is a growing town, hosting a branch of the University of Maine system, a technology school, and an adult learning center. Countless convenience stores, mini malls, and more are becoming in-creasingly common in the town. Each year, Mexico’s ponds, lakes, golf courses, and ski areas attract hundreds of tourists to the area and showcase some of Maine’s best natural resources and beauty. We are so proud to have Mexico in the heart of our Great State of Maine, and I am honored to serve in the United States Con-gress on behalf of its citizens. The town is a great place to live, work, play, and raise a family. As we celebrate Mexico’s Bicentennial, we look forward to many more years of tradi-tion and vibrant growth in the town. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 200th anniversary of the Town of Mexico, Maine, and wishing its residents the very best in the years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DARYLE L. DODEN 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an individual who has exemplified service, loyalty, and Christian character. This week, Daryle L. Doden, a graduate of the class of 1968, will receive the Alumnus of the Year award from the Moody Bible Institute Alumni Association. I had the privilege of serving with Daryle on the Moody Alumni board, and I can attest to his contributions to the Moody community and beyond. His life has exemplified the highest level of integrity and he has earned the re-spect of many leaders in ministry, business, and his community through his wise steward-ship of resources, relationships, and the op-portunities that God has given him. In addition to being a loving husband and father to his five children, Daryle was a very successful businessman who founded Ambas-sador Steel Company in 1974. As his busi-ness grew to become the largest privately owned fabrication company in the United States, so did Daryle’s generosity and support for charitable organizations. As another testa-ment to his Christ-like character, he went on to start his own philanthropic arm of Ambas-sador Steel known as the Master Works Foun-dation, a platform by which he made a lasting, worldwide impact in both ministry and the mar-ketplace. As a husband, father, grandfather, boss and friend, Daryle has sought to honor God, know-ing that all his success comes from the Lord, the Giver of every good and perfect gift. Con-gratulations to my friend, Daryle Doden, on this much deserved and prestigious award. RECOGNIZING MASTER SERGEANT JOSE N. GUERRA HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Master Sergeant Jose N. Guerra. Master Sergeant Guerra was born in La-redo, Texas on June 17, 1938 to Jose and Anselma Guerra. Eventually, he joined the military where he served 28 years, in the United States Army, before retiring. During his time, he served in Korea, Operation Desert Storm, and Operation Desert Shield. Master Sergeant Guerra was also a dedicated civil servant for over 40 years with the U.S. De-partment of Housing and Urban Development. Along with his distinguished career, Master Sergeant Guerra also served as an active member of the Army Masonic Lodge No. 1105 and the Alzafar Shrine. From his brave service to our country to his desire to aid those in need, Master Sergeant Guerra’s dedication to serving his country will not be forgotten. His dedication and service to our Nation is a legacy his family, friends, and associates will always remember. He is survived by his wife, Elva V. Guerra, sons, Jose N. Guerra, Jr. and Juan M. Guerra; grandchildren, Xavier, Andrew, Vivian and Olivia; brothers and sisters, Jorge, Juan, David, Norma Lee and Odeila Micaela Fualkner. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize Master Sergeant Jose N. Guerra. 
f 
HONORING DOUG PEDERSON 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor Doug Pederson of Moorestown, New Jersey, head coach of the World Champion Philadelphia Eagles. Doug Pederson led the Philadelphia Eagles to win their first Super Bowl championship in a thrilling game against the New England Patriots. Doug and his family first moved to Moorestown in 2009 as Assistant Coach for the Eagles and then returned to the commu-nity in 2015, when he became Head Coach. We are glad to have him back home in South Jersey. Doug played quarterback for the Eagles in 1999, and he also played for the Green Bay Packers where he won a Super Bowl. He has had an inspiring career and exempli-fies the meaning of working hard and bringing people together with a common goal. Doug is a family man, a man of character, and a man of faith. His hard work has given his commu-nity a joy not felt before. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District are tremendously proud to have Doug Pederson as a member of our community. It is my honor to recognize his outstanding accomplishment of leading the Philadelphia Eagles to their first Super Bowl victory and I know many of my constituents feel the same way. HONORING THE 101ST BIRTHDAY OF ADMIRAL LLOYD R. ‘‘JOE’’ VASEY HON. COLLEEN HANABUSA 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to send my warmest aloha to Admiral Lloyd R. ‘‘Joe’’ Vasey who turned 101 years old on January 31, 2018. Admiral Vasey was born on January 31, 1917 to Commander R.C. Vasey, USN, and Mabel Anderson Vasey in Vallejo, California. A graduate of Belmont High School in Los Ange-les, California, he was an Apprentice Seaman in the U.S. Naval Reserves in Los Angeles when he secured an appointment to the U.S. Naval Academy, where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree. Admiral Vasey subse-quently received a Master of Arts from Stan-ford University and an honorary Doctorate from the University of Hawaii. After graduating from the U.S. Naval Acad-emy, Vasey joined the Navy’s submarine serv-ice. During World War II, he served aboard the USS Gunnel where, in his own words: 
After successfully attacking a convoy of enemy ships in theYellow Sea between Korea and Japan, the American submarine USS Gunnel was worked over by Japanese anti- submarine warships during a 36-hour ordeal, with explosions from depth bombs periodi-cally jolting the submarine severely. After surfacing at midpoint during dark-ness to replenish the foul air, Gunnel was sighted and attacked by gunfire from the three warships. While submerging again, Gunnel torpedoed one of the three warships which was rapidly closing at close range. Several hours later with depleted air and battery power and no other option but to surface, the Commanding Officer, Lieut. Commander John S. McCain, Jr., USN, called his officers together and all agreed to fight it out in a surface gun battle with the enemy warships rather than surrender. While climbing the 22 foot vertical ladder to the bridge hatch while surfacing, Vasey thought to himself ‘‘there has to be better ways to resolve international disputes’’ and he vowed that if he survived, he would one day strive to do something about it. 
In 1972, Admiral Vasey retired from the U.S. Navy after serving as chief strategist (J–5) under Admiral John S. McCain, Jr., then Com-mander of the U.S. Pacific Command. In 1975, in support of his initiative to identify bet-ter ways to resolve international disputes, Ad-miral Vasey sought to establish a forum in the Pacific under the auspices of the private sec-tor for a continuing trans-Pacific dialogue and consultation among the developing and devel-oped countries of the Pacific area. Later that year, the ‘‘Pacific Forum’’ was formally incor-porated as a non-profit think tank and Admiral Vasey toured the Pacific seeking support for the forum. Over the next 14 years, Pacific Forum was instrumental in proactively identi-fying emerging issues and facilitating dialogue between and among U.S. officials and Asian leaders. In 1989, Pacific Forum merged with the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), one of the nation’s most influ-ential foreign policy think tanks. Admiral Vasey retired from Pacific Forum CSIS in 1990, and today he still serves as a Senior Adviser for Policy and Vice Chairman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05FE8.004 E05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE136 February 5, 2018 
of the Pacific Forum. Admiral Vasey is truly a shining example of’’the greatest generation.’’ Although Admiral Vasey accomplished more than most in life, his work to remind us of our past in order to inform our future remains unfulfilled. For years, Admiral Vasey has advo-cated for the establishment of a memorial at Pearl Harbor to honor service members who lost their lives throughout the Pacific during World War II. In his words: 
There is no recognition of the brave Ameri-cans who were lost in the Pacific War . . . They are resting on the bottom of the Pa-cific Ocean somewhere, or their remains are scattered across the South Pacific islands. We need to honor them, and their families need a place to mourn. From 1941, following the bombing of Pearl Harbor, through 1945, our nation suffered over 150,000 casualties in the Pacific. 
Last year, Congressman R OBBISHOP and I introduced H.R. 4300, the Admiral Lloyd ‘‘Joe’’ Vasey Pacific War Commemorative Display Act, which would realize Admiral Vasey’s vi-sion. This bill would establish a Pacific War memorial at Pearl Harbor, nearby the USS Ari- zona Memorial and USS Missouri. H.R. 4300 passed the House a few weeks after introduc-tion by unanimous consent with 89 bipartisan cosponsors. It is my hope the Senate passes H.R. 4300 very soon. Admiral Vasey’s endless patriotism, devo-tion to duty, and desire to promote peace con-tinue to be an example for us all. Happy 101st birthday, Admiral Vasey, and may you con-tinue to have fair winds and following seas. 
f 
HONORING 2018 EXCELLENCE IN MENTORING AWARD RECIPIENT MAMIE LANFORD SINGLETON 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, it is a privi-lege to honor Mamie Lanford Singleton, my nominee for the 2018 Excellence in Mentoring Award. On January 24th, 2018, Ms. Singleton received this distinguished honor from the Na-tional Mentoring Partnership in a ceremony at the Library of Congress. Ms. Singleton is a one-of-a-kind motivator and innovator. A retired Sergeant of the Saint Paul Police Department and founder and ex-ecutive director of the Youth Initiative Men-toring Academies, she was one of the first Af-rican American women to rise through the ranks of Minnesota law enforcement. There she spent twenty years working to improve po-lice community relations in Saint Paul. Ms. Singleton brought this experience to Youth Initiative Mentoring Academies, which pairs police officers and community mentors with youth in tutoring and aviation flight train-ing. Through this work, she has introduced countless young people to aviation and other career fields they may have not otherwise en-countered. Between her work at Youth Initiative Men-toring Academies, her personal investment in mentoring programs, and her many volunteer and board commitments, she continues to be a tireless ambassador for people of color and to influence a future generation of pilots. Through mentorships, young people can navigate through life’s challenges—be they personal, academic or professional—to reach their full potential. Caring mentors can make all the difference in the life of someone who is at risk of falling off-track. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Mamie Lanford Singleton on this well-de-served recognition for her inspiring work on behalf of young people. f 
HANG ON COWBOY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, his voice is heard by more than 60 million people across the country each year, but to us in Houston, Mr. Bob Tallman has been known as ‘‘The Voice’’ of the Houston Livestock Show & Rodeo since 1982. Tallman’s hometown is Winnemucca, Ne-vada, where he announced his first rodeo in 1970, but he says his heart and soul belong to Texas. Tallman enjoys anything involving the western lifestyle. He and his wife, Kristen, raise cattle on their ranch in Weatherford, Texas. Bob and Kristen have one daughter, Nicole, and are grandparents to boy and girl twins, who were actually born in Fort Worth during the Fort Worth Stock Show and Rodeo. In a typical year, Tallman is on the road for 270 days of year. For more than four decades, Tallman has entertained audiences at some of the top rodeos in the country. His ability to educate people about the professional rodeo has earned this 6 time Announcer of the Year the distinguished honor of being inducted into the Professional Rodeo Cowboy Association, The National Cowboy Hall of Fame and The Texas Cowboy Hall of Fame. In 2000, he es-tablished what he considers his greatest honor, Bob Tallman’s Charities. He holds his annual golf tournament in Houston and bene-fits the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center Pediatric Programs and the J. Pat Evans Research Foundation. Houston Livestock Show & Rodeo has com-mitted more than $450 million to the youth of Texas through scholarship and grants. The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo’s mission statement is ‘‘to promote agriculture by hosting an annual, family-friendly experi-ence that educates and entertains the public, supports Texas youth, showcases Western heritage and provides year-round educational support within the community.’’ And I can’t think of anyone better that Houston could have as the voice of Rodeo Houston. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE SCALISE 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, during my med-ical recovery, I missed the following roll call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: January 9, 2018 Yea on Roll Call No. 2 Yea on Roll Call No. 3 Yea on Roll Call No. 4 January 10, 2018 Nay on Roll Call No. 5 Nay on Roll Call No. 6 Nay on Roll Call No. 7 Yea on Roll Call No. 8 Yea on Roll Call No. 9 Yea on Roll Call No. 10 Yea on Roll Call No. 11 Yea on Roll Call No. 12 Yea on Roll Call No. 13 January 11, 2018 Nay on Roll Call No. 14 Nay on Roll Call No. 15 Yea on Roll Call No. 16 Yea on Roll Call No. 17 January 16, 2018 Yea on Roll Call No. 18 Yea on Roll Call No. 19 January 17, 2018 Yea on Roll Call No. 20 Yea on Roll Call No. 21 Yea on Roll Call No. 22 Yea on Roll Call No. 23 Yea on Roll Call No. 24 Yea on Roll Call No. 25 Yea on Roll Call No. 26 January 18, 2018 Yea on Roll Call No. 27 Yea on Roll Call No. 28 Yea on Roll Call No. 29 Yea on Roll Call No. 30 Nay on Roll Call No. 31 Yea on Roll Call No. 32 Yea on Roll Call No. 33 Yea on Roll Call No. 34 January 19, 2018 Yea on Roll Call No. 35 Yea on Roll Call No. 36 Nay on Roll Call No. 37 January 20, 2018 Yea on Roll Call No. 38 Present on Roll Call No. 39 Yea on Roll Call No. 40 Yea on Roll Call No. 41 Yea on Roll Call No. 42 Yea on Roll Call No. 43. f 
CELEBRATING THE CAREER AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF MR. CLARENCE PAGE 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of Ohio’s 15th Congres-sional District to celebrate the career and ac-complishments of Mr. Clarence Page, as he receives the prestigious W.M. Kiplinger Distin-guished Contributions to Journalism Award from the National Press Foundation. For fifty years, Mr. Page has been a con-sistent and authentic voice for our nation, and has earned the respect of his peers and his audiences as a reporter, editor, syndicated columnist, author, and commentator. Born in Dayton and raised in Middletown, Mr. Page found his passion early in life. He began working as a freelance writer and pho-tographer for the Middletown Journal and the Cincinnati Enquirer when he was just seven-teen years old. His work propelled him to Ath-ens in order to pursue a bachelor of science 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05FE8.008 E05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE137 February 5, 2018 
in journalism at Ohio University, and his alma mater named him Alumnus of the Year in 2015. The accolades of Mr. Page hardly stop there. In 1972, he was serving as a reporter and assistant editor for the Chicago Tribune and participated in a Task Force series on vote fraud that earned a Pulitzer Prize. His work was again honored with a Pulitzer Prize in 1989, this time, for Commentary. Mr. Page’s contributions to our nation are immeasurable. Tackling issues from race to vote fraud, he has never shied away from the difficult stories. Rather, he has approached each with ‘‘good humor and humility,’’ as the National Press Foundation astutely stated. He is incredibly deserving of this honor, and I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Mr. Clarence Page, and thank him for his unwavering commitment to the free press and the truth. 
f 
FAITH, FAMILY, AND FLOODING 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we know that Houston is ‘‘Houston strong’’, but what makes us so strong is the faithful and deter-mined volunteers in our community. I wanted to commend the Prince of Peace Catholic Community for their efforts in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey. Over 1,500 volunteers were utilized through the Mercy Ministry’s relief efforts, which in-cluded distributing flood buckets, clothing, gift cards, and food. Over 3,200 hot meals and 2,000 lunches were served to 12 different neighborhoods over a span of 7 days. They collaborated with Champions Forest Baptist Church to work together to assist in the demo-lition and clean-up process. The Mercy Ministry not only provided phys-ical assistance, but emotional support. They have talked with over 160 families and as-sisted in prayer. In hard times like the one Houston experi-enced, emotional encouragement to those suf-fering is better than offering a mop and buck-et. Weeks after Harvey, the Mercy Ministry was contacted from churches all over the Nation in hopes of getting some help to Houston. From Louisiana, Wisconsin, Colorado, New York, New Jersey, and Ohio. These churches sent tractor trailers full of donations from cleaning supplies, to handmade quilts and care pack-ages for kids. Now, more than ever, our city needs the spiritual nourishment and support that our local churches can provide. Houston still has a long recovery to go, but what will pull us through are our faith driven volunteers, and the power of prayer. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Feb-ruary 6, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 7 9:30 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider the nomi-nation of Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. SD–406 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine cost and competition among rheumatoid arthri-tis therapies. SD–562 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold hearings to examine S. 414 and H.R. 1107, bills to promote conserva-tion, improve public land management, and provide for sensible development in Pershing County, Nevada, S. 441, to designate the Organ Mountains and other public land as components of the National Wilderness Preservation Sys-tem in the State of New Mexico, S. 507, to sustain economic development and recreational use of National Forest System land in the State of Montana, to add certain land to the National Wilderness Preservation System, to designate new areas for recreation, S. 612 and H.R. 1547, bills to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Fed-eral land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic de-velopment by conveyance of the Fed-eral reversionary interest to the City, S. 1046, to facilitate certain pinyon-ju-niper related projects in Lincoln Coun-ty, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, and to fully implement the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act, S. 1219 and H.R. 3392, bills to provide for stability of title to certain land in the State of Louisiana, S. 1222, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Ari-zona, S. 1481, to make technical correc-tions to the Alaska Native Claims Set-tlement Act, S. 1665 and H.R. 2582, bills to authorize the State of Utah to select certain lands that are available for dis-posal under the Pony Express Resource Management Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institu-tions, S. 2062, to require the Secretary of Agriculture to convey at market value certain National Forest System land in the State of Arizona, S. 2206, to release certain wilderness study areas in the State of Montana, S. 2218, to pro-vide for the conveyance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colo-rado, to be used for a fire station, S. 2249, to permanently reauthorize the Rio Puerco Management Committee and the Rio Puerco Watershed Manage-ment Program, H.R. 995, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture and the Sec-retary of the Interior to modernize terms in certain regulations, and H.R. 1404, to provide for the conveyance of certain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the impact of Federal environmental regulations and policies on American farming and ranching communities. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine reauthor-izing the Department of Homeland Se-curity, focusing on positioning DHS to address new and emerging threats to the Homeland. SD–342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold hearings to examine defending the homeland, focusing on Department of Defense’s role in countering weapons of mass destruction. SR–232A Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 242, to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration to certain designated congressional em-ployees, S. 624, to allow servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and Internet access service contracts while de-ployed, S. 1072, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of services for homeless vet-erans, S. 2038, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a presump-tion of herbicide exposure for certain veterans who served in Korea, S. 2097, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the administration of State homes furnishing care to veterans under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, S. 2105, to modify the presumption of service connection for veterans who were ex-posed to herbicide agents while serving in the Armed Forces in Thailand dur-ing the Vietnam era, S. 2107, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Under Secretary of Health to re-port major adverse personnel actions involving certain health care employ-ees to the National Practitioner Data Bank and to applicable State licensing boards, S. 2131, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to fur-nish medically necessary transpor-tation for newborn children of certain women veterans, S. 2247, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligibility date for provision 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05FE8.012 E05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE138 February 5, 2018 
of Department of Veterans Affairs me-morial headstones and markers for eli-gible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are unavail-able, S. 2248, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, S. 2294, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that in-dividuals may access documentation verifying the monthly housing stipend paid to the individual under the Post-9/ 11 Educational Assistance Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 2304, to amend title 38, United States Code, to protect veterans from preda-tory lending, S. 2341, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the processing of veterans benefits by the Department of Veterans Affairs, to limit the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recover overpay-ments made by the Department and other amounts owed by veterans to the United States, to improve the due proc-ess accorded veterans with respect to such recovery, S. 2357, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to review the processes and requirements of the Department of Veterans Affairs for scheduling appointments for health care and conducting consultations under the laws administered by the Secretary, an original bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish organ transplant care to vet-erans at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities, an original bill to provide additional protections for our veterans, an original bill to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and an origi-nal bill entitled ‘‘Department of Vet-erans Affairs Senior Executive Ac-countability Act of 2017’’. SR–418 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine Army mod-ernization. SR–222 4:15 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine S. 2286, to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and services for Peace Corps volunteers, S. 2060, to pro-mote democracy and human rights in Burma, S. Res. 92, expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of traf-ficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, H.R. 535, to en-courage visits between the United States and Taiwan at all levels, and the nominations of Peter Hendrick Vrooman, of New York, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Rwanda, and Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Secretary (Management), both of the Department of State. S–116 5 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To receive a closed briefing on Turkey. SVC–217 FEBRUARY 8 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine the evolution of energy infrastructure in the United States and how lessons learned from the past can inform fu-ture opportunities. SD–366 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the opioid crisis, focusing on the impact on chil-dren and families. SD–430 10:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Tennessee, to be General Counsel, Kevin Fahey, of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Sec-retary, and Thomas E. Ayres, of Penn-sylvania, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense, and Lisa Gor-don-Hagerty, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Nuclear Security, De-partment of Energy. SH–216 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 1917, to reform sentencing laws and correc-tional institutions, and the nomina-tions of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Lou-isiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Michael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Barry W. Ashe, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, Howard C. Niel-son, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, James R. Sweeney II, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, Susan Paradise Baxter, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Dan-iel Desmond Domenico, to be United States District Judge for the District of Colorado, Adam I. Klein, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board, and John C. Anderson, to be United States Attor-ney for the District of New Mexico, Brandon J. Fremin, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Louisiana, Joseph P. Kelly, to be United States Attorney for the District of Nebraska, Scott W. Murray, to be United States Attorney for the District of New Hampshire, David C. Weiss, to be United States Attorney for the Dis-trict of Delaware, David G. Jolley, to be United States Marshal for the East-ern District of Tennessee, and Thomas M. Griffin, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the District of South Caro-lina, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 11 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider sub-committee assignments for the Second Session of the 115th Congress, and the nominations of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors, and to be a Member of the Board of Directors, Federal Deposit In-surance Corporation, Marvin Goodfriend, of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and Thomas E. Workman, of New York, to be a Member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council. SD–538 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters. SH–219 FEBRUARY 13 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine improving animal health, focusing on reauthoriza-tion of Food and Drug Administration Animal Drug User Fees. SD–430 FEBRUARY 14 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine the current readiness of United States forces. SR–222 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine Native Americans and the 2020 Census. SD–628 FEBRUARY 15 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the state of the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, focusing on pending rules, cryptocurrency regulation, and cross- border agreements. SR–328A FEBRUARY 28 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019 for the Department of State and redesign plans. SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M05FE8.000 E05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D112 Monday, February 5, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S595–S615 Measures Introduced: Eleven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2366–2376, and S. Res. 391.
                                                            Pages S612–13 
Measures Reported: S. 118, to make exclusive the authority of the Federal Government to regulate the labeling of prod-ucts made in the United States and introduced in interstate or foreign commerce, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–203) S. 701, to improve the competitiveness of United States manufacturing by designating and supporting manufacturing communities, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–204) S. 1887, to grant expedited hiring authority to the head of an agency to appoint college graduates and post-secondary students, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–205)
                                                  Page S612 
Measures Passed: Kari’s Law Act: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 582, to amend the Com-munications Act of 1934 to require multi-line tele-phone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without di-aling any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
          Page S615 
McConnell (for Klobuchar) Amendment No. 1921, to modify the effective date.
                    Page S615 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By a unanimous vote of 94 yeas (Vote No. EX. 28), Andrei Iancu, of California, to be Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Di-rector of the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
                                                            Pages S601–02, S615 Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: John E. Whitley, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army. Seth Daniel Appleton, of Missouri, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. Alan E. Cobb, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority for a term expiring November 22, 2023. Joseph Ryan Gruters, of Florida, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years. John L. Ryder, of Tennessee, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Au-thority for a term expiring May 18, 2021. Kirsten Dawn Madison, of Florida, to be an As-sistant Secretary of State (International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs). Eliot Pedrosa, of Florida, to be United States Al-ternate Executive Director of the Inter-American De-velopment Bank. Charles E. Cook III, of Maryland, to be Chief Fi-nancial Officer, Department of Homeland Security. Kelly Higashi, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the Dis-trict of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. Shana Frost Matini, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. William R. Evanina, of Pennsylvania, to be Direc-tor of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center. Patrick Hovakimian, of California, to be a Mem-ber of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission of the United States for a term expiring September 30, 2020. 27 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05FE8.REC D05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D113 February 5, 2018 
7 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 3 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy. Nominations Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nominations: Kathleen Hartnett White, of Texas, to be a Mem-ber of the Council on Environmental Quality, which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2018. Kathleen Troia McFarland, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Singapore, which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2018.
            Page S615 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S608 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S608 
Measures Read the First Time:                        Page S608 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S608–12 Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S613–14 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                              Page S614 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S604–08 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S614–15 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—28)
                                                                     Page S602 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:34 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 6, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S615.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4921–4935; 2 private bills, H.R. 4936–4937; and 5 resolutions, H.J. Res. 128; H. Con. Res. 102–103; and H. Res. 723–724 were in-troduced.
                                                                  Pages H782–83 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H784–85 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1778, to provide that an order by the Sec-retary of the Interior imposing a moratorium on Federal coal leasing shall not take effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–545); and H. Res. 725, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 772) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain dis-closure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1153) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the defini-tions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4771) to raise the consolidated as-sets threshold under the small bank holding com-pany policy statement, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–546).
          Page H782 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Marshall to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H739 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:06 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                     Page H740 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 159 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 52. 
                                                                                      Pages H763–64 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:10 p.m. and recon-vened at 4 p.m.
                                                            Page H741 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Strengthening Protections for Social Security Beneficiaries Act of 2017: H.R. 4547, amended, to amend titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act to improve and strengthen the representative payment program, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 396 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 51; 
                                                                    Pages H741–49, H762–63 
Ste. Genevieve National Historical Park Estab-lishment Act: H.R. 2888, to establish the Ste. Gene-vieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri; 
                                                                                      Pages H750–52 
Ensuring fair treatment in licensing require-ments for the export of certain echinoderms: H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05FE8.REC D05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD114 February 5, 2018 
2504, to ensure fair treatment in licensing require-ments for the export of certain echinoderms; and 
                                                                                      Pages H753–55 
United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Ex-tension Act: H.R. 2646, amended, to reauthorize the United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015.
                                                                         Pages H755–57 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, February 6th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                               Page H755 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:01 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                     Page H762 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-resentative Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) announced her intent to offer a privileged resolution.
     Page H764 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Western Area Power Administration Trans-parency Act: H.R. 2371, to require the Adminis-trator of the Western Area Power Administration to establish a pilot project to provide increased trans-parency for customers;
                                      Pages H749–50 
Gateway Arch National Park Designation Act: S. 1438, to redesignate the Jefferson National Ex-pansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’;
                  Pages H752–53 
Ukraine Cybersecurity Cooperation Act of 2017: H.R. 1997, amended, to encourage United States- Ukraine cybersecurity cooperation and require a re-port regarding such cooperation;
                 Pages H757–60 
War Crimes Rewards Expansion Act: H.R. 3851, amended, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to provide for rewards for the arrest or conviction of certain foreign nation-als who have committed genocide or war crimes; and 
                                                                                      Pages H760–61 
Swan Lake Hydroelectric Project Boundary Cor-rection Act: H.R. 219, to correct the Swan Lake hy-droelectric project survey boundary and to provide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska.
                                                                      Pages H761–62 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H762–63. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:52 p.m. Committee Meetings 
COMMON SENSE NUTRITION DISCLOSURE ACT OF 2017; MORTGAGE CHOICE ACT OF 2017; SMALL BANK HOLDING COMPANY RELIEF ACT OF 2018 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 772, the ‘‘Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Mortgage Choice Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4771, the ‘‘Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act of 2018’’. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a closed rule for H.R. 772. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill shall be con-sidered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 1153 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In section 3, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 4771 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–57 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 4, the rule waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two-thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any resolution reported through the legislative day of February 9, 2018. In section 5, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of February 8, 2018, or February 9, 2018, for the Speaker to entertain mo-tions that the House suspend the rules and that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05FE8.REC D05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D115 February 5, 2018 
Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Mi-nority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. Testimony was heard from Chairman Hensarling, and Representatives Capuano, Guthrie, and Scha-kowsky. BUSINESS MEETING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a business meeting to consider the pub-lic disclosure of executive session material, and other matters. This meeting was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D105) 
S. 117, to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. Signed on January 31, 2018. (Public Law 115–122) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to receive a closed briefing on the National Defense Strategy, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine virtual currencies, focusing on the oversight role of the Securities and Exchange Com-mission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, In-surance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine data security and bug bounty programs, focusing on les-sons learned from the Uber breach and security research-ers, 3 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine S. 2182, to provide for the resettlement and relocation of the people of Bikini, and S. 2325, to incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the Administration’s South Asia strategy on Afghani-stan, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine reauthorizing the Higher Edu-cation Act, focusing on improving college affordability, 10 a.m., SD–430. Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Se-curity, to hold hearings to examine the ‘‘Gig Economy’’ and the future of retirement savings, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emer-gency Management, to hold hearings to examine the cost to taxpayers of spending uncertainty caused by governing through continuing resolutions, giant omnibus spending bills, and shutdown crises, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine beneficial ownership, focusing on fighting illicit inter-national financial networks through transparency, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The State of the Rural Economy’’, 9:30 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The National Defense Strategy and the Nuclear Posture Review’’, 9:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Addressing Physiological Episodes in Fight-er, Attack, and Training Aircraft’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Ray-burn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘CBO Oversight: Economic Assumptions, Baseline Construction, Cost Estimating, and Scoring’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Policies and Priorities of the Mine Safety and Health Administration’’, 1:30 p.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘DOE Modernization: Advancing the Economic and National Security Benefits of America’s Nuclear Infrastructure’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Annual Report of the Financial Stability Oversight Council’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Cyber Diplomacy in an Era of Growing Threats’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Syria: Which Way Forward?’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S.-Pakistan Relations: Reassessing Priorities Amid Continued Challenges’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Emer-gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Effective and Reliable Alerts and Warnings’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 835, the ‘‘Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument’’; H.R. 857, to provide for conserva-tion and enhanced recreation activities in the California Desert Conservation Area, and for other purposes; and H.R. 4895, the ‘‘Medgar Evers National Monument Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05FE8.REC D05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD116 February 5, 2018 Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 231, the ‘‘Canyon Village Land Conveyance Act’’; and H.R. 4032, the ‘‘Gila River Indian Community Federal Rights-of-Way, Easements and Boundary Clarification Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 1339, the ‘‘Freedom from Gov-ernment Competition Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4887, the ‘‘Grant Reporting Efficiency and Agreements Trans-parency (GREAT) Act of 2018’’; legislation on the IG Subpoena Authority Act; H.R. 3076, the ‘‘Creating Ad-vanced Streamlined Electronic Services (CASES) for Con-stituents Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3398, the ‘‘REAL ID Act Modification for Freely Associated States Act’’; H.R. 4631, the ‘‘Access to Congressionally Mandated Reports Act’’; H.R. 4446, to amend the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 3183, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’; H.R. 3184, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 180 McCormick Road in Charlottesville, Vir-ginia, as the ‘‘Captain Humayun Khan Post Office’’; H.R. 4188, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kan-sas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4405, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michaels Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4406, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airman Post Office Build-ing’’; H.R. 4463, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Of-fice’’; H.R. 4646, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’; and H.R. 4685, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘In Defense of Scientific Integ-rity: Examining the IARC Monograph Programme and Glyphosate Review’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘VA Caregiver Support Program: Correcting Course for Veteran Caregivers’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘The Opioid Crisis: Removing Barriers to Prevent and Treat Opioid Abuse and Dependence in Medicare’’, 3 p.m., 1100 Longworth. CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of February 6 through February 9, 2018 Senate Chamber During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: February 6, to receive a closed briefing on the National Defense Strategy, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. February 7, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to hold hearings to examine defending the homeland, focusing on Department of Defense’s role in countering weapons of mass destruction, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. February 7, Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine Army modernization, 3:30 p.m., SR–222. February 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Tennessee, to be General Counsel, Kevin Fahey, of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Thomas E. Ayres, of Pennsyl-vania, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense, and Lisa Gordon-Hagerty, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Nuclear Security, Department of Energy, 10:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Feb- ruary 6, to hold hearings to examine virtual currencies, focusing on the oversight role of the Securities and Ex-change Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, 10 a.m., SD–538. February 8, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider subcommittee assignments for the Second Session of the 115th Congress, and the nominations of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors, and to be a Member of the Board of Directors, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Marvin Goodfriend, of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and Thomas E. Workman, of New York, to be a Member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, 11 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Feb- ruary 6, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine data security and bug bounty programs, focusing on lessons learned from the Uber breach and security re-searchers, 3 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: February 6, to hold hearings to examine S. 2182, to provide for the resettlement and relocation of the people of Bikini, and S. 2325, to incentivize the hiring of United States work-ers in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, 10 a.m., SD–366. February 7, Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining, to hold hearings to examine S. 414 and H.R. 1107, bills to promote conservation, improve public land management, and provide for sensible development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05FE8.REC D05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D117 February 5, 2018 in Pershing County, Nevada, S. 441, to designate the Organ Mountains and other public land as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System in the State of New Mexico, S. 507, to sustain economic development and recreational use of National Forest System land in the State of Montana, to add certain land to the National Wilderness Preservation System, to designate new areas for recreation, S. 612 and H.R. 1547, bills to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic de-velopment by conveyance of the Federal reversionary in-terest to the City, S. 1046, to facilitate certain pinyon- juniper related projects in Lincoln County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, and to fully implement the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act, S. 1219 and H.R. 3392, bills to provide for stability of title to certain land in the State of Louisiana, S. 1222, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, S. 1481, to make tech-nical corrections to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, S. 1665 and H.R. 2582, bills to authorize the State of Utah to select certain lands that are available for dis-posal under the Pony Express Resource Management Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institu-tions, S. 2062, to require the Secretary of Agriculture to convey at market value certain National Forest System land in the State of Arizona, S. 2206, to release certain wilderness study areas in the State of Montana, S. 2218, to provide for the conveyance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire station, S. 2249, to permanently reauthorize the Rio Puerco Man-agement Committee and the Rio Puerco Watershed Man-agement Program, H.R. 995, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior to modernize terms in certain regulations, and H.R. 1404, to provide for the conveyance of certain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona, 10 a.m., SD–366. February 8, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hear-ing to examine the evolution of energy infrastructure in the United States and how lessons learned from the past can inform future opportunities, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: February 7, business meeting to consider the nomination of Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. February 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the impact of Federal environmental regulations and policies on American farming and ranching communities, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: February 6, to hold hear-ings to examine the Administration’s South Asia strategy on Afghanistan, 10 a.m., SD–419. February 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine S. 2286, to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and services for Peace Corps volunteers, S. 2060, to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, S. Res. 92, expressing concern over the disappear-ance of David Sneddon, H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include se-vere forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the re-wards program of the Department of State, H.R. 535, to encourage visits between the United States and Taiwan at all levels, and the nominations of Peter Hendrick Vrooman, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Rwanda, and Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Secretary (Management), both of the Department of State, 4:15 p.m., S–116, Capitol. February 7, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-ing on Turkey, 5 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Feb- ruary 6, to hold hearings to examine reauthorizing the Higher Education Act, focusing on improving college af-fordability, 10 a.m., SD–430. February 6, Subcommittee on Primary Health and Re-tirement Security, to hold hearings to examine the ‘‘Gig Economy’’ and the future of retirement savings, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. February 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the opioid crisis, focusing on the impact on children and families, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: February 6, Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management, to hold hearings to examine the cost to taxpayers of spending uncertainty caused by governing through continuing resolutions, giant omnibus spending bills, and shutdown crises, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. February 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine reauthorizing the Department of Homeland Security, focusing on positioning DHS to address new and emerg-ing threats to the Homeland, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: February 6, to hold hearings to examine beneficial ownership, focusing on fighting il-licit international financial networks through trans-parency, 10 a.m., SD–226. February 8, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 1917, to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, and the nominations of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Michael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Barry W. Ashe, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, Howard C. Nielson, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, James R. Sweeney II, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, Susan Paradise Baxter, to be United States District Judge for the West-ern District of Pennsylvania, Daniel Desmond Domenico, to be United States District Judge for the District of Col-orado, Adam I. Klein, of the District of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, and John C. Anderson, to be United States Attorney for the District of New Mexico, Brandon J. Fremin, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Louisiana, Joseph P. Kelly, to be United States Attorney for the District of Nebraska, Scott W. Murray, to be United States Attorney for the District of New Hampshire, David C. Weiss, to be United States Attor-ney for the District of Delaware, David G. Jolley, to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05FE8.REC D05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD118 February 5, 2018 United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Ten-nessee, and Thomas M. Griffin, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the District of South Carolina, all of the De-partment of Justice, 10:30 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: February 7, to hold hear-ings to examine S. 242, to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration to certain designated congressional employees, S. 624, to allow servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and Internet access service contracts while de-ployed, S. 1072, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of services for homeless veterans, S. 2038, to amend title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide for a presumption of herbicide exposure for certain veterans who served in Korea, S. 2097, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the administration of State homes furnishing care to veterans under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, S. 2105, to modify the presumption of service connection for veterans who were exposed to herbicide agents while serving in the Armed Forces in Thailand during the Viet-nam era, S. 2107, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Under Secretary of Health to report major adverse personnel actions involving certain health care employees to the National Practitioner Data Bank and to applicable State licensing boards, S. 2131, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish medically necessary transportation for newborn children of certain women veterans, S. 2247, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligibility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for eli-gible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are unavailable, S. 2248, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, S. 2294, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that individuals may access documentation verifying the monthly housing stipend paid to the individual under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, S. 2304, to amend title 38, United States Code, to protect veterans from predatory lending, S. 2341, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the processing of veterans benefits by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to limit the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recover overpayments made by the Department and other amounts owed by veterans to the United States, to improve the due process accorded veterans with respect to such recovery, S. 2357, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to review the processes and requirements of the Department of Veterans Affairs for scheduling appointments for health care and conducting consultations under the laws administered by the Secretary, an original bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish organ transplant care to vet-erans at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities, an original bill to provide additional protections for our vet-erans, an original bill to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and an original bill entitled ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Senior Executive Accountability Act of 2017’’, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: February 6, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. February 8, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: February 7, to hold hearings to examine cost and competition among rheumatoid ar-thritis therapies, 9:30 a.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, February 7, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Senior Leader Misconduct: Prevention and Accountability’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Ways And Means, February 7, Sub-committee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Social Security Serves America’s Veterans’’, 9 a.m., 2253 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05FE8.REC D05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D119 February 05, 2018 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 4 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 57 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through January 31, 2018 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 19 17 . . Time in session ................................... 130 hrs., 45 ′ 66 hrs., 36′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 592 733 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 121 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 5 17 22 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . 1 . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 23 56 79 Senate bills .................................. 6 4 . . House bills .................................. 4 33 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 1 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 2 2 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 10 16 . . Measures reported, total ...................... * 4 57 61 Senate bills .................................. 4 2 . . House bills .................................. . . 48 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . Simple resolutions ....................... . . 7 . . Special reports ..................................... . . . . . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 177 27 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 118 230 348 Bills ............................................. 92 177 . . Joint resolutions .......................... . . 3 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 2 4 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 24 46 . . Quorum calls ....................................... . . 2 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 27 38 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 10 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through January 31, 2018 
Civilian nominations, totaling 264 (including 145 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 13 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 160 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Returned to White House ............................................................. 90 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 577 (including 2 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 307 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 261 Returned to White House ............................................................. 9 Air Force nominations, totaling 847 (including 76 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 228 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 617 Returned to White House ............................................................. 2 Army nominations, totaling 146 (including 12 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 43 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 103 Navy nominations, totaling 22 (including 11 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 14 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 7 Returned to White House ............................................................. 1 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 925, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 771 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 154 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 246 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 2,535 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 1,376 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,302 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 102 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D05FE8.REC D05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD120 February 5, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, February 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will be in a period of morning business until 12 noon. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Tuesday, February 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 772— Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 1153—Mortgage Choice Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bera, Ami, Calif., E133 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E134 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E134 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E135 Hanabusa, Colleen, Hawaii, E135 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E133 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E135 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E136 Poe, Ted, Tex., E136, E137 Poliquin, Bruce, Me., E134 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E134 Scalise, Steve, La., E136 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E133 Schneider, Bradley Scott, Ill., E133 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E136 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E135 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Feb 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D05FE8.REC D05FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST