Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5203 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 2018 No. 100 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, June 18, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , JUNE15, 2018 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
OST). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 15, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
IKEBOST to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of grace and goodness, thank You for giving us another day. Your divine wisdom and power are abundantly sufficient for our many needs. Endow the Members of this As-sembly with a loyalty that never wav-ers and a courage that never falters as they seek to fulfill the high and holy mission which You have entrusted to them. As the House enters a long weekend of visits to their respective districts, may we all be mindful of and thankful for our fathers, or the men who were father figures for us, whose love and support enabled us to mature and be-come productive members of our Amer-ican society. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. MARINO led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
WORLD BLOOD DONOR DAY (Mr. BRADY of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of World Blood Donor Day and to celebrate and thank the 7 million Americans who choose to donate blood each year. Generosity saved the life of my dear friend and roommate, Congressman S
TEVE SCALISE , after a shooter at-tacked our fellow colleagues and team-mates on the ball field during an early morning baseball practice a year ago. Blood can’t be manufactured, so our entire national supply depends on the selfless generosity of our blood donors. Because donated blood is perishable, it has a limited shelf life and has to be continually replenished. Volunteer blood donations ensure that patients in need always have ac-cess to the lifesaving gift of blood. In the summer, we see a big drop in dona-tions exactly at the time when people are out and about and need it the most. I encourage my colleagues to visit their local blood center and help pro-mote awareness. Be there for someone else. Give blood and share life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.000 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5204 June 15, 2018 
SHUT DOWN WENTWORTH REHA-BILITATION & HEALTH CARE CENTER IMMEDIATELY (Mr. RUSH asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today out of anger and frustration at a de-plorable situation in my hometown of Chicago, Illinois. I was shocked to read in yesterday’s Chicago Tribune about the callous disregard demonstrated for our poor and vulnerable citizens by Alden Management Services, who oper-ate Wentworth Rehabilitation & Health Care Center in my district, and I am here today to call on Alden to shut it down. This so-called skilled nursing facility allowed a patient to remain on fire while an employee enjoyed a beverage. To add insult to injury, many residents have to endure bug bites, bruises, and other forms of neglect. This is the epit-ome of negligence and should not hap-pen. This is America. It is not a coincidence, Mr. Speaker, that most of these residents are poor seniors and African Americans. Where were CMS and the other regulatory and oversight authorities? Mr. Speaker, this is reprehensible. Once again, I call for this hellhole to be shut down immediately. 
f 
WEAR RED ON FRIDAYS (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the unyielding dedi-cation that my constituents have for our military. In particular, I would like to highlight the efforts of several folks back home who are responsible for a number of billboards dotting the highways of Beaver County that en-courage people to wear red on Fridays to support our troops who are deployed overseas. For more than a decade, Americans across the Nation have worn red on Fridays to show support for troops fighting in foreign lands. In this effort, red is not just a color, but a message. RED is an acronym for Remember Ev-eryone Deployed. It is a message to re-member our servicemembers who are away from their families, risking their lives on the front lines to defend our freedoms and values. Remembering them is especially important since we often do not see news of those de-ployed. Wearing red on Fridays is another way to show our troops that we are thinking of them, that we support them, and that we appreciate their sac-rifices. I thank the volunteers of Bea-ver County for promoting and remind-ing us of this wear red effort. ISSUES OF THE DAY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, there is one person in the United States that can stop the mean-spirited separation of children at the border of my State. The vileness of separating babies as young as 6 months, babies who are breastfeeding, is at the feet, the hands, mind, and heart of President Trump. This is not a Democratic policy. We have never utilized this kind of deter-rence, and we have never stopped an asylum possibility because of domestic violence or gang violence, as this ad-ministration is doing. Secondarily, the IG report, which I commend to the American people to read, has nothing to do with the Mueller investigation and Mr. Mueller, with his integrity intact, must con-tinue that investigation and do it well and answer the questions of the Rus-sian collusion in the election of 2016. On another note, Happy Father’s Day. In the memory of my late father, Ezra C. Jackson, we miss you. But all of the fathers who have fallen, and those who live, we wish you a wonder-ful day. As well, Happy Juneteenth to those who celebrate Juneteenth, who recog-nize that it was 2 years after the Emancipation Proclamation that Afri-can Americans in the South and, par-ticularly, Texas knew that they were free. Freedom is precious. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
GO BENSALEM HIGH SCHOOL BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, last night, we had our annual Congressional Baseball Game and some healthy com-petition with our colleagues. But today is the big showdown, when the Bensalem High School baseball team will play for the State championship versus Canon-McMillan at Penn State’s Medlar Field at Lubrano Park. Led by Coach Harry Daut, Bensalem beat La Salle in a come-from-behind victory in the semifinals, initially down three runs with only two at bats remaining. This come-from-behind vic-tory was propelled by Nick Fossile’s sacrifice fly to left field, sending home Dave Barnett from third base. That left it up to pitcher Nick Dean, who closed out the game and finished what starter Stephen Aldrich began. I wish these players, the entire team, the entire coaching staff, and the en-tire Bensalem community the best of luck today, and I know they will make all of us proud. Go Bensalem. OPPOSING PRESIDENT TRUMP’S ACA SABOTAGE (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s cruel at-tempt to sabotage affordable healthcare access for more than 130 million Americans is inhumane and, mark my words, deadly. If Trump has his way, anyone who has survived or lives with cancer, asth-ma, diabetes, mental health issues, or virtually any other medical conditions that you can think of, and many that you can’t, will risk losing their health coverage. That is because the President is bent on dismantling the Affordable Care Act, which protects Americans with preexisting conditions. Before the ACA, insurance companies refused coverage or charged people more with these commonplace mala-dies. They even charged women more just for being women. I am a woman, and I also beat breast cancer. And it sickens me to think of the anxiety and pain this President is causing my sister survivors right now with this threat. It is absurd, it is dis-criminatory, and it is, frankly, mon-strous. Every time it appears that the reck-less disregard for people’s lives shown by this administration and their Re-publican enablers in Congress couldn’t possibly get any worse, they find a new low. Mr. Speaker, there are too many real problems facing Americans today. This President and his party need to stop creating deadly new ones. f 
STOP THE IMPORTATION AND TRAFFICKING OF SYNTHETIC ANALOGUES ACT OF 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 2851. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Penn-sylvania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 934 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2851. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b0912 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2851) to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.003 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5205 June 15, 2018 
amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes, with Mr. B
OSTin the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, all Members of the Chamber are acutely aware of the dev-astation caused by the opioid epidemic. The epidemic is destroying lives and families across the United States. It af-fects every area of our country, and grandparents, parents, and children alike. Especially during the course of this week, we have been reminded that over 64,000 Americans died from drug overdoses in 2016. More than 20 percent of these deaths resulted from an over-dose of synthetic opioids like fentanyl, which can be as much as 100 times more powerful than painkillers like morphine. Additionally, synthetic analogues with street names like K2, spice, bath salts, or molly, are designed to mimic other drugs like marijuana, LSD, and ecstasy, and can be more potent and deadly than the real thing. Criminal drug manufacturers, largely from China and Mexico, work continu-ously to stay ahead of our laws by al-tering the molecular structure of their drugs as soon as the government bans them. The Controlled Substance Act, which was signed into law more than 40 years ago, was designed to protect the public from the dangers associated with drugs and drug use. However, this law was not designed to handle the magnitude and speed with which these new psychoactive substances have emerged in our communities. It currently takes 3 years to schedule a new drug, but criminals can skirt the law by quickly changing a drug mol-ecule and get it to the U.S. streets, often through the mail. b0915 The bill we are considering today, the Stop the Importation and Traf-ficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, or SITSA, updates Federal law to provide swifter action to stop the unlawful im-portation and distribution of synthetic drugs and gives law enforcement effec-tive tools to help keep our commu-nities safe. While Congress has taken action to combat the opioid epidemic through the historic Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, it is clear that we need more tools to combat the ever- growing problem of synthetic drug abuse. Instead of taking 3 years to bring a drug under control, SITSA gives the Attorney General the power to act quickly and to classify a new dan-gerous drug in a matter of months when it is virtually identical to a cur-rent scheduled and powerful drug. The bill also requires the Attorney General to work with the Department of Health and Human Services so that these syn-thetic drugs can still be studied by qualified researchers. Supporters of H.R. 2851 include the National Association of Police Organi-zations, the Fraternal Order of Police, the National District Attorneys Asso-ciation, and the American College of Emergency Physicians. I fully support this legislation. I en-courage my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. M
ARINO , and I want to make it very clear that we have spent a lot of time in the Judi-ciary Committee, in this Congress, in the Energy and Commerce Committee, on almost every other bill in stemming the tide, the rage, the horror of opioid addiction. Mr. Chairman, I have lived through crack cocaine addiction and heroin ad-diction, and now heroin has returned, itself. I have watched my constituents in these low-drug offenses wind up not getting treatment and wind up getting the devastation of mass incarceration. Frankly, if this bill had listed the synthetic analogues on schedule A and provided the science to determine what they were, this would be a bill that the whole House could support, but that is not the case. And so I raise concerns that I hope this House will listen to and recognize that opportunities to fix this legisla-tion as we move to the Senate would make this the kind of response that has been consistent with the view that the incarceration of an opioid-addicted person and/or those who are limited sellers does not bring us to where we need to be. Mr. Chair, I rise to discuss the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017, which establishes a mechanism by which syn-thetic drugs can be temporarily and permanently controlled to curtail il-licit manufacturing, importation, and distribution. H.R. 2851 would also es-tablish new Federal crimes related to the misuse of controlled substances identified in the bill. I am acutely concerned about the dangers presented by drugs like fentanyl and its synthetic analogues that have contributed to a disturbing number of overdose deaths, even in my home district of Houston. This bill, while well-intended, is flawed for several reasons. First, it eliminates the use of scientific evi-dence by which synthetic analogues are currently analyzed. Under current law, the Attorney Gen-eral must work in collaboration with drugs experts at the Department of Health and Human Services as part of the permanent scheduling process. Ab-sent collaboration of the scientific community, the AG, under this bill, will have sole discretion to unilater-ally determine which drugs are a schedule A substance. This is alarming because arbitrary scheduling of substances without verifiable data will undoubtedly create disproportionate incarcerations of low- level drug offenders. Second, this bill overcriminalizes drug offenders, many of whom are in dire need of support in their battles with addiction, substance abuse, and mental illness. We recognize this is an alarming epidemic and the need for medical treatment is very important. Third, although we know that syn-thetic analogues are often manufac-tured and mixed with heroin outside the country—namely, China—and where users and sellers here may lack knowledge, this bill heightens the pen-alties, nonetheless. In June 2016, the head of the DEA, Chuck Rosenberg, testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee that: ‘‘Il-licit fentanyl, fentanyl derivatives and their immediate precursors are often produced in China.’’ By the time the drugs enter the United States, where they are sold, he said, buyers and sell-ers are often unaware of the composi-tion and potency of the drugs. Fourth, this bill amends the Federal sentencing guidelines without the input of the United States Sentencing Commission, which recently underwent a robust examination of synthetic drugs and penalties. The bill disregards the jurisdictional authority granted by Congress to the Commission back in 1984. The Commis-sion is a nonpartisan, independent body which sets sentencing guidelines for Federal judges. Since the introduction of this bill, the Commission approved a multipart synthetic drugs amendment in April 2018, which included extensive public comment, expert testimony, and a multiyear data analysis. The Commission’s recent amendment reflects the evolving nature of these synthetic drugs, creates a class-based approach, establishes a new drug ratio and a new guideline penalty for fentanyl analogues that will promote uniformity in Federal sentencing. We should, therefore, allow this more thor-ough and data-driven process to come to completion, absent interruption by the Attorney General, as provided in the bill. And lastly, this bill imposes manda-tory minimum terms of supervised re-lease of not less than 3 years in addi-tion to imprisonment, and not less than 6 years if there was a prior con-viction. Furthermore, the bill also appears to impose mandatory minimum sen-tencing. Current law requires that, if a controlled substance analogue is in-tended for human consumption, it shall be treated as a schedule I substance, 21 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.004 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5206 June 15, 2018 
U.S.C. 813. Because the analogue would be treated as a schedule I drug, the penalty of such drugs is not less than 20 years mandatory minimum if death or serious bodily injury occurs. Under 21 U.S.C. 802(32) a controlled substance analogue is: 
A substance (i) the chemical structure of which is substantially similar to the chem-ical structure of a controlled substance in schedule I and II; (ii) which has a stimulant, depressant, or hallucinogenic effect on the central nervous system. 
Under this bill, a schedule A drug is a substance that has a chemical struc-ture that is substantially similar to the chemical structure of the con-trolled substance in schedules I, II, III, IV, and V, an actual or predicted stim-ulant, depressant, or hallucinogenic ef-fect on the central nervous system. The penalty for such drugs under this bill is not more than 10 years, no man-datory minimum, and if serious bodily injury occurs, not more than 15. Therefore, if the composition of a schedule A drug is substantially simi-lar to the chemical structure of a sub-stance in schedule I or II, then we have a mandatory minimum problem, unless the bill explicitly says in its penalty provision that a schedule I penalty is not triggered by placement of a sub-stance in schedule A. This creates great ambiguity with re-spect to sentencing because the vague language leaves an endless number of individuals exposed to mandatory min-imum and, of course, mass incarcer-ation. Given the number of new drugs out there and the constant evolving nature of these synthetic drugs, it is unknown at this point and unfair in this bill’s framework the number of drugs that will trigger a mandatory minimum sentence. If we are committed to giving treat-ment, if we are committed to stopping the mass incarceration and steering people away from the use of opioid drugs, that will be the preferable ap-proach: to take note of the fact that they are on schedule A, to provide the scientific background, and to then allow the existing sentencing structure to proceed. Mandatory minimum sentencing for drug offenses gave birth to an explo-sion in our prison population. It is re-sponsible for many of our criminal jus-tice deficiencies. It is really the reason why we are fighting for sentencing re-duction. Congress acknowledged this as a dev-astating policy approach and, as a re-sult, passed the Fair Sentencing Act. Inclusion of new mandatory minimum sentencing is particularly egregious be-cause these inflexible one-size sen-tencing laws undermine justice by pre-venting judges from fitting the punish-ment to the individual and the cir-cumstances of their offenses, like the 19-year-old seller who, as the DEA Ad-ministrator said, may not have even known that it was laced. Mandatory sentencing laws have caused Federal prison populations to soar, destroying families and commu-nities, and led to overcrowding and ex-orbitant costs to taxpayers. And so I ask my colleagues, let us work together to work on the bill be-fore us and focus it on ways that get to the dastardliness of synthetic ana-logues but, as well, responds mercifully to the increasing incarceration of per-sons through mandatory minimums and the lack of using the United States Sentencing Commission’s guidelines. Mr. Chair. H.R. 2851, ‘‘Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017,’’ establishes a mechanism by which synthetic drugs can be temporarily and perma-nently controlled to curtail illicit manufacturing, importation and distribution. H.R. 2851 would also establish new federal crimes related to the misuse of controlled sub-stances identified in the bill. I am acutely concerned about the dangers presented by drugs like fentanyl and its syn-thetic analogues that have contributed to a disturbing number of overdose deaths, even in my home district of Houston. This bill while well-intended, is flawed for several reasons: First, it eliminates the use of scientific evidence by which synthetic ana-logues are currently analyzed. Under current law, the Attorney General must work in collaboration with drug experts at the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices (HHS) as part of the permanent sched-uling process. Absent collaboration of the scientific com-munity, the AG, under this bill, would have sole discretion, to unilaterally determine which drugs are Schedule A substance. This is alarming because arbitrary sched-uling of substances without verifiable data, will undoubtedly create disproportionate incarcer-ation of low-level drug offenders. Second, this bill over criminalizes drug of-fenders, many of whom are in dire need of support in their battles with addiction, sub-stance abuse and mental illness. We recognize this as an alarming epidemic, and the need for medical treatment, which is why we appropriated an exuberant amount of money towards the opioid crisis in our recent omnibus bill which passed in the House. Third, although we know that synthetic ana-logues are often manufactured and mixed with heroin outside the country, namely China, and where users and sellers here may lack knowl-edge, this bill heightens the penalties nonethe-less. In June 2016, the head of the DEA Chuck Rosenberg testified before the Senate Judici-ary Committee that, ‘‘Illicit fentanyl, fentanyl derivatives, and their immediate precursors are often produced in China.’’ By the time the drugs enter the United States, where they are sold, he said, buyers and sellers are often unaware of the composi-tion and potency of the drugs. Fourth, this bill amends the federal sen-tencing guidelines without the input of the U.S. Sentencing Commission (Commission), which recently underwent a robust examination of synthetic drugs and penalties. The bill disregards the jurisdictional authority granted by Congress to the Commission back in 1984. The Commission is a non-partisan, inde-pendent body, which sets sentencing guide-lines for federal judges. Since the introduction of this bill, the Com-mission approved a multi-part synthetic drugs amendment in April 2018, which included ex-tensive public comment, expert testimony and a multi-year, data analysis. The Commission’s recent amendment re-flects the evolving nature of these new syn-thetic drugs, creates a class-based approach, establishes new drug ratios and a new guide-line penalty for fentanyl analogues that will promote uniformity in federal sentencing. We should therefore, allow this more thor-ough and data-driven process to come to completion, absent interruption by the Attorney General as provided in this bill. And lastly, this bill imposes mandatory min-imum terms of supervised release of not less than 3 years in addition to imprisonment, and not less than 6 years if there was a prior con-viction. Furthermore, the bill also appears to impose mandatory minimum sentencing. Current law requires that if a controlled sub-stance analogue is intended for human con-sumption, it shall be treated as a schedule I substance. (21 USC 813). Because the analogue would be treated as a schedule I drug, the penalty for such drugs is not less than 20 years (mandatory min-imum) if death or serious bodily injury occurs. Under 21 USC 802(32), a ‘‘controlled sub-stance analogue’’ is: A substance (i) the chemical structure of which is substantially similar to the chemical structure of a controlled substance in schedule I or II; (ii) Which has a stimulant, depressant, or hallucinogenic effect on the central nervous system. . . . Under this bill, a Schedule A drug is a sub-stance that has a Chemical structure that is substantially similar to the chemical structure of a controlled substance in schedule I, II, III, IV or V; and An actual or predicted stimulant, depres-sant, or hallucinogenic effect on the central nervous system. . . . The penalty for such drugs under this bill is not more than 10 years (no mandatory min-imum), and if serious bodily injury occur, not more than 15 years. Therefore, if the composition of a schedule A drug is substantially similar to the chemical structure of a substance in schedule I or II, then we have a mandatory minimum problem, unless the bill explicitly says in its penalty pro-vision, that a schedule I penalty is not trig-gered by placement of a substance on sched-ule A. This creates great ambiguity with respect to sentencing, because the vague language leaves endless number of individuals exposed to mandatory minimum sentencing. Given the number of new drugs out there, and the constant evolving nature of these syn-thetic drugs, it is unknown at this point and under this bill’s framework, the number of drugs that will trigger a mandatory minimum sentence. Mandatory minimum sentencing for drug of-fenses gave birth to the explosion in our pris-on population, and is responsible for many of our criminal justice system’s deficiencies. Thus, we cannot return there again. Congress acknowledged this as a dev-astating policy approach, and as a result, passed of the Fair Sentencing Act. Inclusion of a new mandatory minimum sen-tence, is particularly egregious because these inflexible, one-size sentencing laws undermine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.007 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5207 June 15, 2018 
justice by preventing judges from fitting the punishment to the individual and the cir-cumstances of their offenses. Mandatory sentencing laws have caused federal prison populations to soar, destroyed families and communities, and led to over-crowding and exorbitant costs to taxpayers. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ). Mr. KATKO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to speak in favor of legislation I authored, H.R. 2851, the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017. Synthetic drug abuse has crippled my community and the communities of many other Members in this Chamber. Last year, Syracuse area hospitals saw a record number of overdoses due to synthetic drug abuse. In May of last year, over 15 individuals had overdosed on synthetic drugs and were taken to the ER in a span of 24 hours. All of these synthetic drugs were purchased at bodegas in Syracuse, purchased over the counter, and stamped ‘‘not for human consumption.’’ Clearly, that was the intent. Unfortunately, stories like this have become the new normal. First respond-ers and emergency room physicians across the Nation have seen incredible increases in calls due to synthetic overdoses, which is why I whole-heartedly support this legislation, as do they. Toxic synthetic drugs are designed to mimic street drugs like marijuana, LSD, cocaine, ecstasy, fentanyl, and other hard drugs. They can be more po-tent than the real thing and oftentimes are more deadly. Unfortunately, when law enforce-ment encounters and begins to combat a specific synthetic drug compound, which they must do under the law, manufacturers of these substances are able to slightly alter the chemical structure of the drug, and this puts law enforcement at a serious disadvantage because that chemical alteration makes that drug technically not legal until it gets on the analogue statute. This leaves them constantly one step behind. As a former Federal prosecutor for more than 20 years but, more impor-tantly, as a father, getting these drugs off the streets and out of the hands of our loved ones remains a top priority for me. Right before I introduced this bill, I met with a constituent in my district, Teresa Woolson, whose son was trag-ically killed by a synthetic drug identi-fied as XLR–11. He went into a store and bought it. It was called K2/spice. He thought that since it was sold over the counter it was okay to use. He used the drug, smoked it—it was synthetic marijuana—had a seizure, and drowned in Lake Ontario. Unfortunately for Teresa, the drug that killed her son managed to remain legal and on the streets and sold over the counter in stores for 4 years after his death until it was finally added to the controlled substances list. This is unacceptable. These families deserve more than that and they deserve jus-tice. The potency and dangers of synthetic drugs do not only threaten users. We are now seeing local law enforcement and first responders put in harm’s way simply by coming in contact with these highly potent and often lethal sub-stances, oftentimes being mixed with heroin, which is killing people at a record pace in this country. Numerous cases across the country have resulted in emergency personnel becoming gravely ill and even dying while responding to these synthetic overdoses. The threat synthetic drugs pose to our communities and law enforcement must be stopped. H.R. 2851 takes a big step toward eradicating these harmful substances and protecting our commu-nities. The bipartisan SITSA Act will give local, State, and Federal law en-forcement the necessary tools to target synthetic substances and the criminals who traffic them. Specifically, this legislation will cre-ate a new schedule to the Controlled Substances Act and establish a mecha-nism by which analogues can be tempo-rarily or permanently added to that schedule in as little as 30 days after the chemical composition is determined by the Attorney General. With amendments adopted by the Ju-diciary Committee and on the House floor today, we have struck the right balance between providing law enforce-ment with the tools they need and fa-cilitating research on these chemical compounds. I would like to thank Chairman G
OODLATTE and Chairman W ALDEN and their staffs, specifically Tony Angeli and Adam Buckalew, for their tireless work on this bill. I would also like to thank my legislative director, John Drzewicki, who has done a tremendous job on this bill. The stories of synthetic drug use are in no way limited to my area of the country. This is a nationwide epidemic. I respectfully ask my colleagues to vote in favor of SITSA because every moment we fail to act, another person is affected by synthetic drugs. Since I have more time, I want to ad-dress a specific issue spoken about by my colleague from Texas. Under this bill, a substance placed in schedule A would be a schedule A controlled sub-stance as defined in 21 U.S.C. 802(6). In a controlled substance analogue case, the criteria of that 21 U.S.C. 802(32) and 813 must be met for each defendant, case by case, in addition to the ele-ments of the underlying crime. It can-not be simply asserted a schedule A controlled substance is substantially similar pursuant to those provisions and the court arrive at a 21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)(c) penalty. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New York. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Chair, just so I am clear about the gentlewoman’s posi-tion, the gentlewoman is concerned that a drug trafficker may face a pen-alty of a harsh sentence when they have caused someone’s death, as an ex-ample. b0930 Let me give you an example. Deanna Axe was 5 months pregnant. She had been off heroin for 8 months. A drug trafficker pushed her and cajoled her over the course of about 12 hours through texts that we saw trying to get her to try this specific type of heroin. She took one dose. Her mother found her. The heroin that he gave her killed her and her 5-month-old baby in her womb. That is the reality of what we are facing. He is facing 15 years in prison. He pled guilty to that. She is gone. Her baby is gone. That is the reality. So we are trying to find a positive balance here. No one is suggesting that mandatory minimums under 841(b)(1)(A) or 841(b)(1)(B) can be appli-cable. They are not. It is the (b)(1)(C) category for this, except when a death is caused. So please let us try and find a proper balance here. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 31⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), who is the ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for yielding the time, and I thank her for her leadership in oppos-ing this bill. I, too, oppose the bill. This bill is yet another in a long line of so-called tough-on-crime bills that Congress has enacted since President Nixon declared a war on drugs nearly 50 years ago. These laws have, without question, failed to win the so-called war. But they have succeeded in placing the United States as number one in incar-ceration rates in the world to the ex-tent it is so bad that some studies have actually shown that our incarceration rate is so bad that it actually adds to crime because so many children are being raised by parents who are incar-cerated. So much of the Department of Jus-tice budget has been on prisons that aren’t doing any good when that money should be spent on things that could do some good. Too many people have felony records and can’t find jobs who are actually adding to crime by this so-called war on drugs. Mr. Chairman, there are three main reasons why I oppose this bill. First, the bill abandons evidence and exper-tise in exchange for expediency. By giving the Attorney General the power to permanently designate analogue substances to a new drug schedule, he will be free to ignore the experts at the Department of Health and Human 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.012 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5208 June 15, 2018 
Services and the Federal Drug Admin-istration. This is the Attorney General whose judgment has led him to rip chil-dren from their parents at the border. The bill also codifies drug equiva-lency laws which are used at sen-tencing absent any input from the United States Sentencing Commission, which is already conducting an in- depth study of analogue drugs. In addi-tion to research and expertise, the Sen-tencing Commission also possesses the flexibility to adjust sentencing guide-lines as necessary if its knowledge of analogue substances changes. Second, the bill will add to the prob-lem of mass incarceration. By enacting higher sentences without a mens rea requirement, people could serve longer sentences even if they did not know that a drug contained an analogue sub-stance. Third, we simply do not need the bill. The Department of Justice already prosecutes cases involving drug ana-logues under existing law. The then- Acting Administrator of the DEA said as much in her testimony before the Judiciary Committee on December 12 of last year when she described the cur-rent legal process as workable but re-source intensive. Mr. Chairman, let’s not enact yet an-other law that sends more people to prison while ignoring the root cause of the current crisis; that is, substance abuse, which is a public health problem and should be treated as such. Other opioid bills we have been con-sidering take this public health—not criminal justice—approach. That is the approach we should take, and we should pursue that strategy by reject-ing this bill. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), who chairs the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate all those who have put so much work into this, especially Mr. K
ATKO of New York who has been re-lentless in his battle to stop illegal fentanyls from coming in and killing. I rise today in support of H.R. 2851, the Stop the Importation and Traf-ficking of Synthetic Analogues, also known as the SITSA Act of 2017. Now, this legislation will give law enforce-ment officials additional tools to get and keep synthetic drugs such as fentanyl off our streets in America. On February 28, during our first of four legislative hearings on the opioid crisis, we focused on finding ways to protect our communities and the peo-ple who live in them and equip law en-forcement with the necessary tools to fight this deadly opioid epidemic that kills more people than traffic accidents in America. During that hearing, the chief of police from Syracuse, New York, Frank Fowler, talked about how synthetic drugs tore apart his commu-nity. His call for this legislation rings as true now as it did then. After that hearing, we held a round-table to hear from families who had been directly impacted by this deadly crisis. Seated across that table from me was Michael Gray. He bravely shared his family’s story, hoping that their loss would help spur Congress to modernize Federal laws. He gave me a picture of his daughter, Amanda, and he gave me a new one yesterday when I met with him and Amanda’s brother. This is Amanda Gray. She suffered from some mental illness and self- medicated with something you and I would know as heroin. She wasn’t a regular user. She was an intermittent user. The person who sold her heroin knew that. Just this past January, Amanda bought some heroin. What she didn’t know was that it was not heroin. It has now been determined not only was it—normally they cut fentanyl into heroin. This had no heroin. It was all fentanyl. Let me explain why that is so deadly. It is so potent that if you took a salt-shaker and sprinkled three or four or five or half a dozen grains of salt on this podium and touched them, you would likely have that fentanyl go through your skin, and you would fall on the floor here in this Chamber. Un-less one of our folks here in the Cham-ber or one of the medics nearby had Narcan, naloxone, to resuscitate you, you would die. Tragically, that is what happened to Amanda. She took what she thought was heroin, and she died from 100 percent fentanyl. That same night, her father recalls news reports saying additional people in their city died. It is a fatal but com-mon trend with illicit fentanyl. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman from Oregon an addi-tional 1 minute. Mr. WALDEN. This illegal fentanyl that comes into our country from for-eign countries, generally through our mail facilities, has been one of the deadliest waves of the opioid crisis to hit our Nation. Representative KATKO ’s bill will modernize the Controlled Substances Act to create a new schedule of drugs that specifically concentrates on the rapidly changing synthetic analogues of opioids such as fentanyl. In doing this, we must make sure to keep particular attention on not com-promising important public health pro-tections. A thoughtful amendment was offered by our committee member in the Energy and Commerce Committee, M
ORGAN GRIFFITH of Virginia, which ensures that research and innovation will not be impeded by SITSA. Among other issues, if an applicant is reg-istered to conduct research with a schedule I or II substance, they can continue to do that research that they may be pursuing with a schedule A sub-stance while their application is being processed. The bill we will vote on today is the result of bipartisan feedback from two House committees as well as the col-laboration of multiple agencies within the Trump administration. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has again expired. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ). Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, this is a thoroughly thought-out bill. I en-courage my colleagues to support it to help stop the spread of deadly syn-thetic opioid analogues. Let us remember why we are here. It is children like Amanda and the par-ents who survive them, the parents who got the worst call any parent could ever get, and that is notifying them of the death of their child. We are going to stop this from happening in America with the package of bills we have going through the House and the Senate. Mr. K
ATKO ’s work on this is ex-traordinary as is the other members of the committee. Mr. Chairman, I call for Members to support this legislation. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ). Congressman B
RADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER is a member of the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding the time. Mr. Chairman, synthetic opioids are a dangerous new frontline in our ef-forts to end the opioid epidemic rav-aging our communities. A recent analysis found that syn-thetic opioids, particularly illicit fentanyl, caused more overdose deaths in the United States in 2016 than pre-scription opioids. Synthetics are many times more potent and fatal than her-oin, sometimes requiring two, four, six, or even more doses of antidotes like Naloxone to revive an overdose victim. The Federal Controlled Substances Act was signed into law more than 40 years ago, and it is not equipped to handle this dangerous new develop-ment. Put simply, illegal manufactur-ers, especially those operating over-seas, are creating deadly new synthetic opioid analogues faster than our laws or research can keep up. That is why I rise today in support of the Stop the Importation and Traf-ficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017 to equip our law enforcement offi-cials with the tools they need to keep our communities safe. This bill creates a schedule A in addi-tion to the five existing schedules in the Controlled Substances Act. This is a mechanism to temporarily schedule and set regulations around new syn-thetic drugs while our scientific and re-search communities develop a better understanding of the associated risks. This bill also adds 13 existing synthetic fentanyls to this new schedule. Importantly, this crackdown is tar-geted at the manufacturers, importers, and distributors of these deadly sub-stances, not the individual users. Sim-ple possession is expressly omitted from the scope of this bill. Individuals suffering from addiction need medical help, not prison time. To start to turn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.009 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5209 June 15, 2018 
the tide on the opioid epidemic, we must address synthetic opioids. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me and my fellow members of the bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus in support of this needed legislation. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ), who is the ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague from Texas for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2851, legislation that would give Attorney General Jeff Sessions through the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration sweeping new authority to combat the synthetic drug crisis facing our country. In 2016, nearly 64,000 Americans died because of a drug overdose, and the overdose rate from the synthetic opioids, such as fentanyl and fentanyl analogues, nearly doubled. We know that illicit fentanyl and fentanyl ana-logues are extremely deadly and in-creasingly are being shipped into our country through China. I know all Members would agree that synthetic drugs are a very real threat that we have to combat. However, it is unclear to me that the appropriate re-sponse to this crisis is the creation of a new schedule—schedule A—that would impose new burdens on research-ers and manufacturers. It would also dramatically limit the scientific and medical role HHS and the FDA play in our scheduling process today. In fact, the DEA already has the au-thority today to temporarily add these synthetic substances to the Controlled Substances Act if they determine that they pose an imminent hazard to pub-lic safety. The agency has used this au-thority over 80 times, including most recently to put all fentanyl-related substances into schedule I. DEA also has authority under the Analogue Act to treat synthetics that are substan-tially similar to a controlled substance the same way they treat the controlled substance, and this is authority the DEA has and continues to use to com-bat this crisis. Instead of proposing to improve the DEA’s existing statutory authority, this bill creates a new schedule for syn-thetic substances, and it gives almost sole discretion as to when a substance can be temporarily scheduled in the new schedule A and expands temporary scheduling for up to 5 years. b0945 Another reason I oppose this bill is because it also eliminates the critical scientific and medical analysis by HHS and FDA. It only requires the DEA to consider recommendations from HHS, eliminating the binding nature of such analysis under the permanent sched-uling process today. A letter in opposition from a coali-tion including the ACLU, Drug Policy Alliance, Human Rights Watch, and the NAACP, among others, has also raised concerns about SITSA circum-venting the role of HHS in the sched-uling process. The letter notes: ‘‘SITSA would enable the Attorney General, an unelected individual, to single- handedly determine which substances are acceptable for private citizens to consume.’’ As a public health agency, HHS, act-ing through FDA, is best positioned to be making decisions regarding sched-uling drugs or substances based on their scientific and medical analysis. We should not hand this authority over to a law enforcement agency, and that is yet another reason why I oppose this bill. I also continue to be concerned about the potential for H.R. 2851 to under-mine or stifle research and develop-ment of synthetic substances. We know that many synthetic drugs have the same chemical properties as drugs with known therapeutic uses. By subjecting schedule A substances to the same re-quirements as schedule I, we may be unintentionally creating hurdles for the research community to evaluate whether these substances may be pos-sible alternatives for treatment of pain and addiction. These are all discussions I wish I could have raised during consideration of the legislation in the Energy and Commerce Committee. Despite receiv-ing primary referral, the chairman chose to cede to the Judiciary Com-mittee, denying our members the op-portunity to have a full debate on this legislation. For all these reasons, I join my col-league, Congressman N
ADLER , the ranking member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, in opposing this flawed legisla-tion, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining on my side? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 16 minutes remain-ing. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ). Mr. KATKO. Mr. Chairman, I would like to briefly respond to some of the comments that were made by my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle. First of all, when my colleague refers to sweeping new authority—I believe that was a quote—that the Attorney General has under this law, it must be made clear that it gives the Attorney General authority to list these sub-stances temporarily on a controlled substance analogue list under schedule A. It also gives Congress 180 days to overrule the Attorney General at any time. That is a very potent and powerful check. This does not shift significant power to the Attorney General. I think that is important to note. My colleagues also noted several times that it would limit the research ability of individuals under this stat-ute to research synthetic drugs. The Griffith amendment addresses this issue in a powerful and potent manner. It ensures and protects that individuals doing research can continue to do the research and will not be sanctioned or in trouble for doing that research. We have worked closely with the in-dustry to get their input. More impor-tantly, we worked very, very closely with Health and Human Services and the Drug Enforcement Administration to provide substantial input. Based on that input, we have made the adjust-ments that are now memorialized in the Griffith amendment. While we are talking here, let’s keep something in perspective. Every hour in this country, at least five people die from heroin- and opioid-related overdoses. That is five an hour. By the time we are done, five more people will have died. Of those individuals dying, the vast majority are dying because of the synthetic drug components that are being found in all the heroin overdoses, such as synthetic fentanyl. Synthetic fentanyl and other syn-thetic drugs are generally made out-side this country. The bad guys know that when we find a chemical com-pound and get it listed on the drug ana-logue statute, they simply tweak the compound, and then it takes another 3 or 4 years for that drug to get back on the statute and to again make the compound illegal. It is a cat-and-mouse game that they are winning and we are losing, because we are losing our chil-dren. In closing, I would look to just note this and ask people to consider this. Let’s put a face on this stuff. John Socci had a daughter. She was murdered in front of her 18-month-old child by her boyfriend, who was ad-dicted to opioids. Two years later, they lost their son to a heroin overdose. Breanna Axe, as I mentioned earlier, died 5 months pregnant when a drug dealer repeatedly pushed her to try heroin, even though she hadn’t been using for 7 or 8 months. One dose and she was gone. That dose had synthetic drugs in it as well. There are so many other stories out there. Law enforcement is in trouble because of these synthetic drugs. They are afraid to even touch them because simple contact is going to kill them. While we are complaining about ju-risdiction and who was able to review this bill or whether researchers are properly protected, which I submit they are, people are dying in this coun-try at a rapid rate. We must do some-thing. Victor Woolsen, who I talked about earlier who bought a synthetic drug over the counter, had a seizure, and died, that synthetic drug was on the streets for 4 years after he died. It took us 4 years to get that drug off the shelves and off the streets of our coun-try. I don’t think it is a tall stretch to ask the Attorney General to have au-thority, when I believe this is not just an epidemic, it is a pandemic in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.010 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5210 June 15, 2018 
country, to get these drugs off the streets quickly, 30 days. If the Attor-ney General messes up, we will be right back here to fix it within 180 days. That is the backstop. We also have backstops for the researchers as well. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE ), the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, Kristen Holman adored her little brother, Garrett. She cherished his warm heart and his bigger than life personality. She loved her brother un-conditionally, as did her mother and father, Bobbie and Don. Unfortunately, on February 9, 2017, at the age of 20, Garrett lost his life to a synthetic opioid that was mailed straight to him from China. My dis-trict lost a promising young man, Don and Bobby lost their son, and Kristen lost her little brother and only sibling. Sadly, tens of thousands of families across the Nation have lost their loved ones to the opioid crisis. According to the Centers for Disease Control, drug overdoses killed over 64,000 Americans in 2016, a staggering increase of over 21 percent from 2015. Of those souls lost, over 20,000 deaths were caused by synthetic opioids, the same type of drug that took Garrett’s life. Regrettably, the suffering shows no signs of slowing, as deaths from syn-thetic opioids have more than doubled from last year. Synthetic drugs can be more potent and deadly than the real thing. How-ever, when law enforcement encounters a certain synthetic drug compound and takes steps under current Federal law to bring the drug under lawful control, the manufacturers of these synthetics slightly alter the chemical structure of the drug to once again evade law en-forcement. As a result, law enforce-ment is constantly one step behind the manufacturers. Left undeterred, manufacturers and distributors continue to flood the U.S. with deadly synthetic drugs. Seizures of illicit fentanyl by Customs and Bor-der Protection increased 64,000 percent between 2013 and 2017. We must stop this flood of poison that is fueling an epidemic that has taken far too many lives. The Stop the Importation and Traf-ficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, or SITSA, ensures that manufacturers and distributors of deadly synthetic drugs cannot continue to evade law en-forcement. SITSA modernizes the Con-trolled Substances Act by clarifying the regulation of synthetic analogues. First, SITSA modernizes the Con-trolled Substances Act to establish schedule A, a new category for con-trolled substance analogues. Second, the act establishes a stream-lined mechanism by which synthetic analogues can be temporarily and/or permanently added to schedule A, but only after a thorough analysis by the Attorney General and the Secretary of Health and Human Services. Altogether, SITSA will combat the flow of synthetic drugs that have taken both Garrett’s life and lives of 20,000 Americans over the last year. This bill was carefully crafted over the past 2 years with extensive coordi-nation between law enforcement agen-cies from the Department of Justice and scientists and researchers at the Department of Health and Human Services. Together, this bill strikes a balance between giving law enforcement the ability to stop the flow of deadly syn-thetic drugs while allowing the re-search community to study these dan-gerous drugs, identify the root causes of addiction, and advance the latest cures for serious illnesses. Mr. Chairman, we cannot stand idle as criminal manufacturers and dis-tributors of synthetic drugs continue to flood our country and destroy the lives of countless Americans. Not one more family should feel the pain that the Holmans feel after a synthetic drug shipped from China took Garrett’s life. SITSA is a bipartisan bill, and I com-mend Mr. K
ATKO and Miss R ICE, both of New York, for their efforts in moving this legislation forward. I urge my col-leagues to support SITSA and bring an end to the era where manufacturers and distributors can freely profit from selling these dangerous drugs and de-stroy so many lives. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, does the gentleman have further speak-ers? Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. We all want to do good, and all of us have had our tragedies as it relates to the use of drugs by the innocent. As I listened to my colleagues, they are right: The heinous persons are those who are the major exporters and the hardened drug dealers. We want to save lives. I think we found over the last couple of months and past years that enhancing the re-search and providing treatment for those very individuals who have suc-cumbed will provide us with that path-way. In the instance of the underlying bill, I would hope that we would have the opportunity to get the bad guys. But in the instance of the way it is con-structed, SITSA will worsen the mass incarceration of drug offenders; it will expand the use of harsh maximum sen-tences for drug offenses; and the bill creates new penalties for thousands of synthetic drugs, calling for maximum sentences of 10, 20, 30 years, or life im-prisonment. The carve-out for possession does not define quantities that would constitute possession and will not prevent many people who possess small quantities or sell drugs to support their own addic-tion from getting slammed by draco-nian new penalties in SITSA. So we have addicted persons who sell on the streets of our neighborhoods. They need treatment. That is what we should be focusing on. SITSA will pun-ish people who lack criminal culpa-bility. This bill will disproportionately increase low-level drug offenders who did not import or package the drug and often are unaware of the chemical com-position of the drugs, as the DEA Ad-ministrator indicated in his testimony before the Senate that most of the sell-ers would not know that there had been traces of other drugs in that particular drug they were selling. b1000 SITSA is unnecessary because the Attorney General can already ban syn-thetic drugs. This was demonstrated earlier this year when the Attorney General used powers already granted by the Congress to place illicit fentanyl analogues not already regu-lated by the Controlled Substances Act into schedule I for 3 years, allowing time to pursue permanent scheduling. Through rulemaking, at a congres-sional hearing last month, Acting Ad-ministrator Patterson indicated: This mass scheduling action addressed con-cern that prosecutors can’t convict people for trafficking synthetic drugs. Finally, SITSA has devastating im-pacts on scientific research. Many syn-thetic drugs share chemical properties with drugs that have been known to have therapeutic uses, such as opioids. Under SITSA, once a drug has been added to schedule A, many of the same hurdles that apply to conducting re-search with schedule I drugs will apply to substances added to proposed sched-ule A. These burdens will be costly and time consuming. Some of them are research dealing with how do you stop this ad-diction, how do you stop people’s pro-clivity for addiction. So this burden is costly and time consuming to the re-search and host institutions and will have a chilling effect on promising re-search towards the development of opioid addiction therapies and safer medications to treat pain that are des-perately needed to help end the ongo-ing opioid overdose crisis. While SITSA provides some relief for researchers who already have a sched-ule I or II, there are many difficulties that we are facing. Mr. Chair, how much time is remain-ing on both sides. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. F
RANCIS ROO-
NEYof Florida). The gentlewoman from Texas has 8 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 8 minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, while SITSA provides some relief for re-searchers who already have a schedule I or II registration to proceed with schedule A research, SITSA does not provide accommodations necessary to ensure researchers can obtain drug 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.012 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5211 June 15, 2018 
samples for research. Commercial man-ufacturers are not likely to produce schedule A drugs. Provisions in SITSA intended to ease registration requirements will help lit-tle when researchers access the drug material they need to study the thera-peutic potential. Here is the main point. The main point is that researchers are research-ing how to cease the addiction that is killing so many. Low-level sellers are caught up under this bill; and, as indi-cated by the DEA, they, too, are vic-tims. It is well known that the idea of mass incarceration does not solve the problem of addiction or cause the end-ing of the tragic loss of life. I hurt for those suffering from addic-tion, and it is important to be able to utilize our government knowledge to help that end, and the Sentencing Com-mission has done that. The difficulty we have is whether or not this bill, even though from Judici-ary, really bears down on saving lives. What we want to do is raise the treat-ment, deal with those already struc-tured to handle the listing of ana-logues, and work with communities to ensure that the laws we have are en-forced and that we don’t create a whole new population of those who will be victims of mass incarceration and, at the same time, do nothing to treat those who desperately need our help, our support, and our resources to move them away from addiction, to save their lives, and to allow them to live fruitful and productive lives. That is what I hope that we will be able to do as we move forward on the right approach to dealing with drug ad-diction and the new surge of synthetic drugs. Mr. Chair, may I inquire if the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania has any fur-ther speakers. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), the distinguished ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position to H.R. 2851, the Stop the Im-portation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act. This bill is well intentioned but fa-tally flawed. I agree with the goal of preventing dangerous synthetic drugs from evading regulation, but this bill circumvents existing procedures for placing synthetic analogues on the ex-isting schedule of the Controlled Sub-stances Act, which reasonably incor-porate medical and scientific analysis in favor of a law enforcement-focused approach that would worsen the mass incarceration crisis and could under-mine scientific research. There are already statutory mecha-nisms in place to provide for the sched-uling and regulation of new drugs that may be dangerous if misused. Those mechanisms require an appropriate de-gree of collaboration at the outset among the Justice Department, the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, and the Food and Drug Administration in scheduling synthetic analogues. This is because each of these agencies is equally important to the scheduling process. By marginalizing the roles of HHS and the FDA in this bill, we would es-tablish a mechanism that does not ade-quately consider scientific and medical evidence about the substance in ques-tion. Such input is critical to a process that may result in the imposition of significant criminal penalties related to these analogue drugs. Under this bill, not only would the Attorney General hold the sole author-ity by himself to schedule these sub-stances, but he or she would also have the power to set sentence levels for newly scheduled analogue drugs by es-tablishing equivalencies between each newly scheduled analogue and drugs that are already controlled. As a result, this legislation would ex-pand penalties for drug offenses, con-centrate an overwhelming amount of unchecked power within the Justice Department, overcriminalize certain conduct, and punish individuals with-out adequate proof of intent. While the bill was slightly improved during our committee markup by eliminating the new mandatory min-imum sentences included in the bill as introduced, the bill, nevertheless, would impose potentially lengthy max-imum sentences for offenses involving these analogues. I am mostly concerned that sub-stances designated as analogues under the procedures instituted by this bill could trigger the imposition of manda-tory minimum sentences under other provisions of the Controlled Substances Act. Although we have been told by the majority that this is not the intent of the bill, this ambiguity is another rea-son to oppose the legislation. At the very least, the bill would ex-plicitly impose mandatory minimum terms of supervised release, which, as the Judicial Conference of the United States observes, undermines the discre-tion of judges who are in the best posi-tion to make such determinations based on the facts and circumstances of each case. We can do more to address concerns about emerging and potentially dan-gerous analogue drugs, but ditching scientific evidence and imposing new mandatory minimums is not the an-swer. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, we hope that we will be able to work to-gether to save lives and to fix the issues that we are addressing here today. Mr. Chair, we all want to solve the esca-lating problems of synthetic drugs, which per-meate throughout our districts. Therefore, our initial reaction would be to naturally support this endeavor. However, while well-intended, this bill high-lights many problems and does not fulfill the overall goal of stemming the tide of drugs on our streets. We must exercise prudence, as to not fur-ther exacerbate the crisis of mass incarcer-ation and punish those that need help with substance abuse and whom this bill purports to help. Because this bill would concentrate an over-whelming amount of unchecked power within DOJ, eliminate scientific and medical analysis and interagency collaboration from the proc-ess of scheduling synthetic analogues, and expand penalties for drug offenses, I have se-rious concerns about H.R. 2851. The bill is strongly opposed by a broad spectrum of stakeholders, including Freedom Works, Drug Policy Alliance, Families Against Mandatory Minimum, ACLU, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, Na-tional Council of Churches, Human Rights Watch, The Sentencing Project and many oth-ers. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, may I in-quire how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 8 minutes re-maining. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am puzzled by those who oppose this legislation. Among the obligations we owe our constituents, one is to keep deadly sub-stances like synthetic opioids out of our country and out of the hands of drug traffickers. Drug traffickers have no regard for the devastation they in-flict on our citizens, as their sole mo-tive is greed and profit. Sadly, their greed resulted in over 64,000 drug over-dose deaths in 2016, destroying count-less families. If a terrorist organization killed 175 Americans each and every day, we would all be certain that our response would be swift, laser-focused, and deci-sive. There is no question and no greater responsibility Congress has than to protect the health and safety of all Americans. Voting against this crucial legislation is a clear signal to all drug traffickers that Congress is giving them a green light to continue spread-ing their carnage. While we may differ as to the prior-ities to solve the opioid epidemic, make no mistake: a responsible and truly effective solution must include treatment, prevention, and enforce-ment. Over the course of this week, this Chamber has approved legislation in all three of those areas. This bill before us now gives law en-forcement and the protecters of our borders the tools to keep these deadly poisons out of our communities. It also assures that these potent chemicals can remain in the hands of qualified re-searchers. Altogether, this bill strikes the perfect balance to respond to this ongoing epidemic. Mr. Chair, I want to state that I take a backseat to no one when it comes to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.014 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5212 June 15, 2018 
treatment. There is no question that drug addiction is addiction. It is not only a biological addiction; it is a men-tal addiction as well. As a prosecutor for 18 years, an as-sistant district attorney, district at-torney, and a U.S. attorney, I have seen my share of the devastation of drugs, put a lot of dealers away, helped a lot of people get into treatment; and, unfortunately, I have seen my share of people, particularly young people, on slabs in morgues. Anyone dealing today with opioids— regardless if they read the newspaper, regardless if they watch TV, regardless if they are aware of this legislation— knows, because of publicity, because of the deaths that are caused by opioids and fentanyl, of the probability of fentanyl or something like it being in the drug that they are selling. So I do not accept the argument that they don’t know that it is there. Everyone knows that it is there. Mandatory sentencing, I used when I was a prosecutor in my community, and it worked. It put the worst of the worst away. We also, as prosecutors, had discretion. My constituents demand that we ag-gressively—aggressively—act now on this problem. Not only am I hearing that from the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania but across the country. I want to explain one thing on the chemical makeup. I had enough chem-istry in college to make me dangerous. Picture, if you will, a chain of mol-ecules and picture a single molecule. The scientists in China have devised a way to take an atom from that mol-ecule or add to it to slightly change the composition, which technically re-moves it from being an illegal drug or an illegal opioid. This is why this legis-lation is needed. The Chinese are there every day try-ing to figure out a way—and they are figuring out ways—to alter, how to get around the law. We have to be a step ahead of them. This legislation is what is needed. It is good, bipartisan legisla-tion. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Mr. K
ATKO and Miss R ICE, both of New York, for this very important legisla-tion. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2851. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–74. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: H.R. 2851 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop the Impor-tation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘SITSA Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF SCHEDULE A. 
Section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘five sched-ules of controlled substances, to be known as schedules I, II, III, IV, and V’’ and inserting ‘‘six schedules of controlled substances, to be known as schedules I, II, III, IV, V, and A’’; (2) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
CHEDULE A.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The drug or substance— ‘‘(i) has— ‘‘(I) a chemical structure that is substantially similar to the chemical structure of a controlled substance in schedule I, II, III, IV, or V; and ‘‘(II) an actual or predicted stimulant, depres-sant, or hallucinogenic effect on the central nervous system that is substantially similar to or greater than the stimulant, depressant, or hallu-cinogenic effect on the central nervous system of a controlled substance in schedule I, II, III, IV, or V; and ‘‘(ii) is not— ‘‘(I) listed or otherwise included in any other schedule in this section or by regulation of the Attorney General; and ‘‘(II) with respect to a particular person, sub-ject to an exemption that is in effect for inves-tigational use, for that person, under section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355) to the extent conduct with respect to such substance is pursuant to such exemption. ‘‘(B) P
REDICTED STIMULANT , DEPRESSANT , OR 
HALLUCINOGENIC EFFECT .—For purpose of this paragraph, a predicted stimulant, depressant, or hallucinogenic effect on the central nervous sys-tem may be based on— ‘‘(i) the chemical structure, structure activity relationships, binding receptor assays, or other relevant scientific information about the sub-stance; ‘‘(ii)(I) the current or relative potential for abuse of the substance; and ‘‘(II) the clandestine importation, manufac-ture, or distribution, or diversion from legitimate channels, of the substance; or ‘‘(iii) the capacity of the substance to cause a state of dependence, including physical or psy-chological dependence that is similar to or greater than that of a controlled substance in schedule I, II, III, IV, or V.’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding schedule I, by striking ‘‘IV, and V’’ and inserting ‘‘IV, V, and A’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SCHEDULE A  ‘‘(a) Unless specifically excepted or unless list-ed in another schedule, any of the following substances, as scheduled in accordance with section 201(k)(5): ‘‘(1) 4-fluoroisobutyryl fentanyl. ‘‘(2) Valeryl fentanyl. ‘‘(3) 4-methoxybutyryl fentanyl. ‘‘(4) 4-methylphenethyl acetyl fentanyl. ‘‘(5) 3-furanyl fentanyl. ‘‘(6) Ortho-fluorofentanyl. ‘‘(7) Tetrahydrofuranyl fentanyl. ‘‘(8) Ocfentanil. ‘‘(9) 4-fluorobutyryl fentanyl. ‘‘(10) Methoxyacetyl fentanyl. ‘‘(11) Meta-fluorofentanyl. ‘‘(12) Isobutyryl fentanyl. ‘‘(13) Acryl fentanyl.’’. 
SEC. 3. TEMPORARY AND PERMANENT SCHED-ULING OF SCHEDULE A SUB-STANCES. 
Section 201 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 811) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) TEMPORARY AND PERMANENT SCHEDULING  
OFSCHEDULE A SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(1) The Attorney General may issue a tem-porary order adding a drug or substance to schedule A if the Attorney General finds that— ‘‘(A) the drug or other substance satisfies the criteria for being considered a schedule A sub-stance; and ‘‘(B) adding such drug or substance to sched-ule A will assist in preventing abuse or misuse of the drug or other substance. ‘‘(2) A temporary scheduling order issued under paragraph (1) shall not take effect until 30 days after the date of the publication by the Attorney General of a notice in the Federal Reg-ister of the intention to issue such order and the grounds upon which such order is to be issued. The temporary scheduling order shall expire not later than 5 years after the date it becomes ef-fective, except that the Attorney General may, during the pendency of proceedings under para-graph (5), extend the temporary scheduling order for up to 180 days. ‘‘(3) A temporary scheduling order issued under paragraph (1) shall be vacated upon the issuance of a permanent order issued under paragraph (5) with regard to the same sub-stance, or upon the subsequent issuance of any scheduling order under this section. ‘‘(4) A temporary scheduling order issued under paragraph (1) shall not be subject to judi-cial review. ‘‘(5) The Attorney General may, by rule, issue a permanent order adding a drug or other sub-stance to schedule A if such drug or substance satisfies the criteria for being considered a schedule A substance. Such rulemaking may be commenced simultaneously with the issuance of the temporary scheduling order issued under paragraph (1) with regard to the same sub-stance. ‘‘(6) Before initiating proceedings under para-graph (1) or (5), the Attorney General shall transmit notice of an order proposed to be issued to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. In issuing an order under paragraph (1) or (5), the Attorney General shall take into consider-ation any comments submitted by the Secretary of Health and Human Services in response to a notice transmitted pursuant to this paragraph. ‘‘(7) On the date of the publication of a notice in the Federal Register pursuant to paragraph (2), the Attorney General shall transmit the same notice to Congress. The temporary sched-uling order shall take effect according to para-graph (2), except that the temporary scheduling order may be disapproved by Act of Congress within 180 days from the date of publication of the notice in the Federal Register.’’. 
SEC. 4. PENALTIES. 
(a) C ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES ACT.—The Con- trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 401(b)(1) (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F)(i) In the case of any controlled substance in schedule A, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not more than 10 years and if death or serious bodily injury re-sults from the use of such substance shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not more than 15 years, a fine not to exceed the greater of that authorized in accordance with the provi-sions of title 18, United States Code, or $500,000 if the defendant is an individual or $2,500,000 if the defendant is other than an individual, or both. ‘‘(ii) If any person commits such a violation after a prior conviction for a felony drug offense has become final, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not more than 20 years and if death or serious bodily injury re-sults from the use of such substance shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not more than 30 years, a fine not to exceed the greater of twice that authorized in accordance with the provisions of title 18, United States Code, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.016 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5213 June 15, 2018 
$1,000,000 if the defendant is an individual or $5,000,000 if the defendant is other than an indi-vidual, or both. ‘‘(iii) Any sentence imposing a term of impris-onment under this subparagraph shall, in the absence of such a prior conviction, impose a term of supervised release of not less than 2 years in addition to such term of imprisonment and shall, if there was such a prior conviction, impose a term of supervised release of not less than 4 years in addition to such term of impris-onment.’’; (2) in section 403(a) (21 U.S.C. 843(a))— (A) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) to export a substance in violation of the controlled substance laws of the country to which the substance is exported.’’; and (3) in section 404 (21 U.S.C. 844), by inserting after subsection (a) the following: ‘‘(b) A person shall not be subject to a crimi-nal or civil penalty under this title or under any other Federal law solely for possession of a schedule A controlled substance.’’. (b) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES IMPORT AND EX-
PORT ACT.—Section 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) In the case of a violation under sub-section (a) involving a controlled substance in schedule A, the person committing such viola-tion shall be sentenced to a term of imprison-ment of not more than 20 years and if death or serious bodily injury results from the use of such substance shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not more than life, a fine not to exceed the greater of that authorized in accord-ance with the provisions of title 18, United States Code, or $1,000,000 if the defendant is an individual or $5,000,000 if the defendant is other than an individual, or both. If any person com-mits such a violation after a prior conviction for a felony drug offense has become final, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprison-ment of not more than 30 years and if death or serious bodily injury results from the use of such substance shall be sentenced to not more than life imprisonment, a fine not to exceed the greater of twice that authorized in accordance with the provisions of title 18, United States Code, or $2,000,000 if the defendant is an indi-vidual or $10,000,000 if the defendant is other than an individual, or both. Notwithstanding section 3583 of title 18, United States Code, any sentence imposing a term of imprisonment under this paragraph shall, in the absence of such a prior conviction, impose a term of supervised re-lease of not less than 3 years in addition to such term of imprisonment and shall, if there was such a prior conviction, impose a term of super-vised release of not less than 6 years in addition to such term of imprisonment. Notwithstanding the prior sentence, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the court shall not place on probation or suspend the sentence of any person sentenced under the provisions of this paragraph which provide for a mandatory term of imprisonment if death or serious bodily injury results.’’. 
SEC. 5. FALSE LABELING OF SCHEDULE A CON-TROLLED SUBSTANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 305 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 825) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) F
ALSE LABELING OF SCHEDULE A C ON-
TROLLED SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(1) It shall be unlawful to import, export, manufacture, distribute, dispense, or possess with intent to manufacture, distribute, or dis-pense, a schedule A substance or product con-taining a schedule A substance, unless the sub-stance or product bears a label clearly identi-fying a schedule A substance or product con-taining a schedule A substance by the nomen-clature used by the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC). ‘‘(2)(A) A product described in subparagraph (B) is exempt from the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry nomenclature re-quirement of this subsection if such product is labeled in the manner required under the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. ‘‘(B) A product is described in this subpara-graph if the product— ‘‘(i) is the subject of an approved application as described in section 505(b) or (j) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; or ‘‘(ii) is exempt from the provisions of section 505 of such Act relating to new drugs because— ‘‘(I) it is intended solely for investigational use as described in section 505(i) of such Act; and ‘‘(II) such product is being used exclusively for purposes of a clinical trial that is the subject of an effective investigational new drug applica-tion.’’. (b) PENALTIES .—Section 402 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 842) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(16), by inserting ‘‘or sub-section (f)’’ after ‘‘subsection (e)’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(1)(D), by inserting ‘‘or a schedule A substance’’ after ‘‘anabolic steroid’’. 
SEC. 6. REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS FOR HAN-DLERS OF SCHEDULE A SUB-STANCES. 
(a) C ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES ACT.—Section 303 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(k)(1) The Attorney General shall register an applicant to manufacture schedule A substances if— ‘‘(A) the applicant demonstrates that the schedule A substances will be used for research, analytical, or industrial purposes approved by the Attorney General; and ‘‘(B) the Attorney General determines that such registration is consistent with the public interest and with the United States obligations under international treaties, conventions, or protocols in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(2) In determining the public interest under paragraph (1)(B), the Attorney General shall consider— ‘‘(A) maintenance of effective controls against diversion of particular controlled substances and any controlled substance in schedule A compounded therefrom into other than legiti-mate medical, scientific, research, or industrial channels, by limiting the importation and bulk manufacture of such controlled substances to a number of establishments which can produce an adequate and uninterrupted supply of these substances under adequately competitive condi-tions for legitimate medical, scientific, research, and industrial purposes; ‘‘(B) compliance with applicable State and local law; ‘‘(C) promotion of technical advances in the art of manufacturing substances described in subparagraph (A) and the development of new substances; ‘‘(D) prior conviction record of applicant under Federal and State laws relating to the manufacture, distribution, or dispensing of sub-stances described in paragraph (A); ‘‘(E) past experience in the manufacture of controlled substances, and the existence in the establishment of effective control against diver-sion; and ‘‘(F) such other factors as may be relevant to and consistent with the public health and safe-ty. ‘‘(3) If an applicant is registered to manufac-ture controlled substances in schedule I or II under subsection (a), the applicant shall not be required to apply for a separate registration under this subsection. ‘‘(l)(1) The Attorney General shall register an applicant to distribute schedule A substances— ‘‘(A) if the applicant demonstrates that the schedule A substances will be used for research, analytical, or industrial purposes approved by the Attorney General; and ‘‘(B) unless the Attorney General determines that the issuance of such registration is incon-sistent with the public interest. ‘‘(2) In determining the public interest under paragraph (1)(B), the Attorney General shall consider— ‘‘(A) maintenance of effective control against diversion of particular controlled substances into other than legitimate medical, scientific, and industrial channels; ‘‘(B) compliance with applicable State and local law; ‘‘(C) prior conviction record of applicant under Federal or State laws relating to the man-ufacture, distribution, or dispensing of sub-stances described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(D) past experience in the distribution of controlled substances; and ‘‘(E) such other factors as may be relevant to and consistent with the public health and safe-ty. ‘‘(3) If an applicant is registered to distribute a controlled substance in schedule I or II under subsection (b), the applicant shall not be re-quired to apply for a separate registration under this subsection. ‘‘(m)(1) Not later than 90 days after the date on which a substance is placed in schedule A, any practitioner who was engaged in research on the substance before the placement of the substance in schedule A and any manufacturer or distributor who was handling the substance before the placement of the substance in sched-ule A shall register with the Attorney General. ‘‘(2)(A) Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Attorney General receives an ap-plication for registration to conduct research on a schedule A substance, the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(i) grant, or initiate proceedings under sec-tion 304(c) to deny, the application; or ‘‘(ii) request supplemental information from the applicant. ‘‘(B) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Attorney General receives supple-mental information requested under subpara-graph (A)(ii) in connection with an application described in subparagraph (A), the Attorney General shall grant or deny the application. ‘‘(n)(1) The Attorney General shall register a scientific investigator or a qualified research in-stitution to conduct research with controlled substances in schedule A in accordance with this subsection. In evaluating applications for such registration, the Attorney General shall apply the criteria set forth in subsection (f) of this section that apply to practitioners seeking a registration to conduct research with a schedule I controlled substance, except that the applicant shall not be required to submit a research pro-tocol. ‘‘(2) If the applicant is not currently reg-istered under subsection (f) to conduct research with a schedule I controlled substance, the At-torney General shall refer the application to the Secretary, who shall determine whether the ap-plicant will be engaged in bona fide research and is qualified to conduct such research. ‘‘(3) If the applicant is currently registered under subsection (f) to conduct research with a schedule I controlled substance, the applicant will be considered qualified to conduct research with controlled substances in schedule A and the Attorney General shall modify the appli-cant’s registration to include schedule A con-trolled substances in accordance with this para-graph. The applicant shall notify the Attorney General of his intent to conduct research with a controlled substance in schedule A. Upon receiv-ing such notification, the Attorney General shall modify the practitioner’s existing registra-tion to authorize research with schedule A con-trolled substances, unless the Attorney General determines that the registration modification 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.010 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5214 June 15, 2018 
would be inconsistent with the public interest based on the criteria of subsection (f). ‘‘(4) Registrations issued under this subsection to a qualified research institution will apply to all agents and employees of that institution act-ing within the scope of their professional prac-tice. ‘‘(5) At least thirty days prior to conducting any research with a controlled substance in schedule A, the registrant shall provide the At-torney General with written notification of the following: ‘‘(A) The name of and drug code for each sub-stance. ‘‘(B) The name of each individual with access to each substance. ‘‘(C) The amount of each substance. ‘‘(D) Other similar information the Attorney General may require. ‘‘(6) The quantity of a schedule A controlled substance possessed by a person registered under this subsection shall be appropriate for the research being conducted, subject to the ad-ditional limitations set forth in this paragraph. To reduce the risk of diversion, the Attorney General may establish limitations on the quan-tity of schedule A controlled substances that may be manufactured or possessed for purposes of research under this subsection and shall pub-lish such limitations on the website of the Drug Enforcement Administration. A person reg-istered under this subsection may, based on le-gitimate research needs, apply to the Attorney General to manufacture or possess an amount greater than that so specified by the Attorney General. The Attorney General shall specify the manner in which such applications shall be sub-mitted. The Attorney General shall act on an application filed under this subparagraph with-in 30 days of receipt of such application. If the Attorney General fails to act within 30 days, the registrant shall be allowed to manufacture and possess up to the amount requested. The Attor-ney General shall have the authority to reverse the increase for cause. ‘‘(7) The Attorney General shall by regulation specify the manner in which applications for registration under this subsection shall be sub-mitted. ‘‘(8) Registrants authorized under this sub-section may manufacture and possess schedule A controlled substances up to the approved amounts only for use in their own research set-ting or institution. Manufacturing for use in any other setting or institution shall require a manufacturer’s registration under section 303(a).’’. (b) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES IMPORT AND EX-
PORT ACT.—Section 1008 of the Controlled Sub-stances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 958) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j)(1) The Attorney General shall register an applicant to import or export a schedule A sub-stance if— ‘‘(A) the applicant demonstrates that the schedule A substances will be used for research, analytical, or industrial purposes approved by the Attorney General; and ‘‘(B) the Attorney General determines that such registration is consistent with the public interest and with the United States obligations under international treaties, conventions, or protocols in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(2) In determining the public interest under paragraph (1)(B), the Attorney General shall consider the factors described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of section 303(k)(2). ‘‘(3) If an applicant is registered to import or export a controlled substance in schedule I or II under subsection (a), the applicant shall not be required to apply for a separate registration under this subsection.’’. SEC. 7. ADDITIONAL CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) C ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES ACT.—The Con- trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 303(c) (21 U.S.C. 823(c))— (A) by striking ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a), (b), (k), or (l)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and insert-ing ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (2) in section 306 (21 U.S.C. 826)— (A) in subsection (a), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘schedules I and II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedules I, II, and A’’; (B) in subsection (b), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (C) in subsection (c), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘schedules I and II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedules I, II, and A’’; (D) in subsection (d), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (E) in subsection (e), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; and (F) in subsection (f), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘schedules I and II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedules I, II, and A’’; (3) in section 308(a) (21 U.S.C. 828(a)), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (4) in section 402(b) (21 U.S.C. 842(b)), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (5) in section 403(a)(1) (21 U.S.C. 843(a)(1)), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; and (6) in section 511(f) (21 U.S.C. 881(f)), by strik-ing ‘‘schedule I or II’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’. (b) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES IMPORT EXPORT  A
CT.—The Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 951 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1002(a) (21 U.S.C. 952(a))— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (2) in section 1003 (21 U.S.C. 953)— (A) in subsection (c), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (3) in section 1004(1) (21 U.S.C. 954(1)), by striking ‘‘schedule I’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I or A’’; (4) in section 1005 (21 U.S.C. 955), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; and (5) in section 1009(a) (21 U.S.C. 959(a)), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’. SEC. 8. CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE ANALOGUES. 
Section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802) is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘or V’’ and inserting ‘‘V, or A’’; (2) in paragraph (14)— (A) by striking ‘‘schedule I(c) and’’ and in-serting ‘‘schedule I(c), schedule A, and’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘schedule I(c),’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I(c) and schedule A,’’; and (3) in paragraph (32)(A), by striking ‘‘(32)(A)’’ and all that follows through clause (iii) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(32)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (C), the term ‘controlled substance analogue’ means a substance whose chemical structure is substantially similar to the chemical structure of a controlled substance in schedule I or II— ‘‘(i) which has a stimulant, depressant, or hallucinogenic effect on the central nervous sys-tem that is substantially similar to or greater than the stimulant, depressant, or hallucino-genic effect on the central nervous system of a controlled substance in schedule I or II; or ‘‘(ii) with respect to a particular person, which such person represents or intends to have a stimulant, depressant, or hallucinogenic effect on the central nervous system that is substan-tially similar to or greater than the stimulant, depressant, or hallucinogenic effect on the cen-tral nervous system of a controlled substance in schedule I or II.’’. 
SEC. 9. AMENDMENT TO THE SENTENCING GUIDELINES. 
Section 2D1.1 of the Federal Sentencing Guidelines is amended, in Application Note 6 (Analogues and Controlled Substances Not Ref-erenced in this Guideline) of the Commentary, by striking ‘‘In determining the most closely re-lated controlled substance, the court shall, to the extent practicable, consider the following:’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘In determining the most closely related controlled substance and the applicable guideline or drug equivalence, the court shall— ‘‘(A) if Attorney General has provided guid-ance on the appropriate sentencing equivalency or ratio to a controlled substance that is ref-erenced in the guidelines through publication in the Federal Register (whether such guidance is included in or separate from any notice of pro-posed temporary or permanent scheduling of such substance under section 201 of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 811)), apply any such sentencing equivalency or ratio; and ‘‘(B) in the absence of guidance with respect to a substance or group of substances as de-scribed in paragraph (A), use equivalencies for the following structural classes of substances as if they were included on the Drug Equivalency Tables: ‘‘Drug Class Marihuana Equivalency of 1 gm of subject substance 
Synthetic Opioids .................................................................................... 1 gm = 10 kg Synthetic Cannabinoids .......................................................................... 1 gm = 167 gm Synthetic Cathinones .............................................................................. 1 gm = 380 gm Tryptamine ............................................................................................. 1 gm = 80 gm Phenethylamines .................................................................................... 1 gm = 2.5 kg Piperazines ............................................................................................. 1 gm = 2 kg Benzofurans ........................................................................................... 1 gm = 500 gm Arylcyclohexylamines (PCP-like substances) ............................................ 1 gm = 1 kg Methylphenidate analogs ........................................................................ 1 gm = 100 gm Benzodiazepines ..................................................................................... 1 ‘unit’ (as defined in Not e (F) to the Drug Quantity Table in 2D1.1) = 0.0625 gm 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.010 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5215 June 15, 2018 
In the case of a substance for which paragraphs (A) and (B) above are not applicable, the court shall determine an equivalency or ratio by con-sidering the following factors, to the extent practicable:’’. 
SEC. 10. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed to limit— (1) the prosecution of offenses involving con-trolled substance analogues under the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.); or (2) the authority of the Attorney General to temporarily or permanently schedule, resched-ule, or decontrol controlled substances under provisions of section 201 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 811) that are in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11. STUDY BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study and submit a report to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and of the Senate regarding the costs associated with the amend-ments made by section 4, including— (1) the annual amounts expended by Federal agencies in carrying out the amendments; (2) The costs associated with arrests, trials, convictions, imprisonment, or imposition of other sanctions in accordance with the amend-ments; and (3) the impact (including the fiscal impact) of the amendments on existing correctional facili-ties and the likelihood that those amendments will create a need for additional capacity for housing prisoners. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 115–751. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. b1015 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, strike lines 3 through 6, and insert the following: ‘‘(i) the chemical structure and— ‘‘(I) the structure activity relationships; or ‘‘(II) binding receptor assays and other rel-evant scientific information about the sub-stance;’’. Page 3, line 17, strike ‘‘subsection (c)—’’ and insert ‘‘subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding schedule I, by striking ‘IV, and V’ and inserting ‘IV, V, and A’’’. Beginning on page 3, strike line 18 and all that follows through page 4, line 12. Page 5, beginning on line 2, strike ‘‘or mis-use’’. Page 5, strike line 23 and all that follows through page 6, line 5, and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5)(A) Beginning no earlier than 3 years after issuing an order temporarily sched-uling a drug or other substance under this subsection, the Attorney General may, by rule, issue a permanent order adding a drug or other substance to schedule A if such drug or substance satisfies the criteria for being considered a controlled substance in sched-ule A under this subsection, except as pro-vided in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) If the Secretary has determined, based on relevant scientific studies and necessary data requested by the Secretary and gath-ered by the Attorney General, that a drug or other substance that has been temporarily placed in schedule A does not have sufficient potential for abuse to warrant control in any schedule, and so advises the Attorney Gen-eral in writing, the Attorney General may not issue a permanent scheduling order under subparagraph (A) and shall, within 30 days of receiving the Secretary’s advice issue an order immediately terminating the temporary scheduling order.’’. Page 6, line 7, strike ‘‘or (5)’’. Page 6, line 8, strike ‘‘an order’’ and insert ‘‘a temporary order’’. Page 6, line 10, strike ‘‘or (5)’’. Page 15, line 9, strike ‘‘Not later’’ and in-sert ‘‘(A) Not later’’. Page 15, after line 15 insert the following: ‘‘(B)(i) If an applicant described in sub-paragraph (A) is registered pursuant to sub-section (f) to conduct research with a con-trolled substance in schedule I or II on the date on which another substance is placed in schedule A, the applicant may, subject to clause (iii), conduct research with that other controlled substance in schedule A while the application for registration pursuant to sub-paragraph (A) is pending. ‘‘(ii) If an applicant described in subpara-graph (A) is registered pursuant to sub-section (f) as described in clause (i) to con-duct research with a controlled substance in schedule III, IV, or V on the date on which another substance is placed in schedule A, the applicant may, subject to clause (iii), conduct research with that other controlled substance in schedule A while the applica-tion for registration pursuant to subpara-graph (A) is pending, provided the substance for which the applicant is registered to con-duct research is in the same schedule as, or a less-restricted schedule than, the con-trolled substance whose similarity in chem-ical structure and actual or predicted effect to the controlled substance in schedule A formed the basis for placement of the sub-stance in schedule A, as set forth in the order published in the Federal Register plac-ing the substance in schedule A. ‘‘(iii) The permission to conduct research pursuant to clause (i) or clause (ii) is condi-tional on the applicant’s complying with the registration and other requirements for con-trolled substances in schedule A. ‘‘(iv) This subparagraph does not apply to applicants registered pursuant to subsection (f) whose authorization to conduct research with any controlled substances is limited to doing so as a coincident activity pursuant to applicable regulations of the Attorney Gen-eral.’’. Page 16, line 19, insert after the period the following: ‘‘The 60-day period under sub-section (m)(2)(A) shall be tolled during the period beginning on the date on which the Attorney General refers an application to the Secretary under this paragraph, and end-ing on the date on which the Secretary sub-mits a determination related to such referal to the Attorney General.’’. Page 16, beginning on line 20, strike ‘‘If the applicant’’ through ‘‘this paragraph.’’ on page 17, line 1, and insert the following: ‘‘An applicant who meets the criteria under sub-section (m)(1)(B) with respect to a particular schedule A controlled substance shall be con-sidered qualified to conduct research with that substance. The Attorney General shall modify such applicant’s registration to in-clude such schedule A controlled substance in accordance with this paragraph.’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, this is a bipartisan amendment that incor-porates an interagency agreement transmitted to Congress by the Office of National Drug Control Policy, the United States Department of Health and Human Services, and the United States Department of Justice. It clarifies several issues: when the Attorney General can temporarily and permanently schedule a drug or sub-stance to the newly created schedule A, and it prevents the Attorney General from permanently scheduling a drug or substance if the Secretary of HHS de-termines that there is not sufficient potential for abuse. It also clarifies when research can be conducted with a schedule A substance while a registration application is pending. If an applicant is registered to conduct research with a schedule I or II substance, they can continue to do re-search they may be pursuing with a schedule A substance while their appli-cation is being processed. Likewise, if an applicant is reg-istered to conduct research with a schedule III, IV, or V substance, they can continue to conduct research with a schedule A substance while their ap-plication is pending, so long as the component that gave rise to the sched-ule A determination is in the same or a less restricted schedule. This amendment is important to re-search. This amendment will help en-sure that research is not impeded or stunted because of a change in the schedule of a substance. While we all want to get dangerous substances off the street, history has taught us that when a substance is scheduled, many research options are taken off the table or made prohibitively complicated. Sometimes derivatives of dangerous substances can provide cures and treat-ments for deadly diseases or chronic conditions, and we don’t want to ham-string our researchers who are equipped to discover potential positive uses. Though it may still need to be a scheduled substance, an analogue, in theory, could be a less addictive term of an opioid pain relief, and if research-ers are looking at it as a possible less addictive form, I believe we would all want to keep that research going and not impede that research as it moves forward. So I believe this is an important amendment, and I hope everybody will join me in supporting it. I thank Mr. R
ASKIN and Ms. J ACKSON LEEfor their assistance and support of this amend-ment as well. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.010 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5216 June 15, 2018 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Maryland is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. G
RIFFITH for his succinct and ex-cellent summary of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Griffith-Raskin-Jackson Lee amend-ment. I want to thank Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE for his excellent work on this with his professional staff. It is an im-portant consensus amendment, and I also want to specifically mention the hard work of DEA detailee Tony Angeli. I also want to salute our part-ners at the National Institute on Drug Addiction and the National Institutes of Health, which is headquartered in my district. This amendment will do a lot to aid NIH scientists and allied researchers across the country who are presently working on the science of addiction and advancing medical efforts to treat and to prevent it. This amendment constitutes a sig-nificant improvement in the text of the bill. With the amendment, researchers will not have to immediately cease their work while they wait to clear li-censing hurdles if a substance is placed on schedule A. The amendment creates a two-tiered system for researchers: one section for those who have a schedule I or schedule II license and one for those who have a schedule III through V license. Researchers with schedule I or II li-censes can continue working with any substance placed on schedule A with-out cessation of that work while an ap-plication for schedule A licensure is pending. This includes work with syn-thetic cannabinoids and opioids, which is obviously essential to our making progress in the field. Researchers with schedules III, IV, and V licenses can continue working with substances that are temporarily placed on schedule A while an applica-tion for licensure is pending. However, the researchers will only be able to work with substances placed on sched-ule A whose similarity and chemical structure and actual or predicted effect is derivative of a substance presently on schedule III through V. Schedule III licensees can work with analogues of schedules III through V. Schedule IV licensees can work with analogues of schedules IV and V and so on. Lastly, as a safeguard, the research exemptions provided for in this amend-ment do not apply to licensed practi-tioners such as physicians, phar-macists, and hospitals whose involve-ment with research is only as a coinci-dental activity to their primary work. This amendment refines and strengthens the research component of the underlying legislation and is not opposed by stakeholders in the re-search field. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me just very quickly thank the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) and Mr. G
RIFFITH . I am delighted to join them, and I will simply say it is equally essential that science has a role in this very complex process to en-sure the appropriate penalties are being applied based on compositions of the synthetic drugs involved. I congratulate both of them for the excellent work that has been done, and I am delighted to be a cosponsor of the amendment. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the Griffith/ Raskin/Jackson Lee Amendment. The amend-ment will reflect the current process under ex-isting law. Under current law, the Attorney General must work collaboratively with the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and its experts in the scientific community, in order to determine best practices for the permanent scheduling process. Given the variation in toxicity levels in many of these synthetic drugs, it is imperative that the research community be involved in the process to ensure accuracy of defining the chemical structure of these drugs or sub-stances. It is equally essential that science have a role in this very complex process to ensure the appropriate penalties are being applied based on compositions of the synthetic drugs involved. At markup I made it clear that we should not proceed with this bill absent involvement from the scientific community. Today, I am pleased to be a co-sponsor of this amendment with my colleagues Griffith and Raskin. In addition to restoring collaboration with the research community, this amendment also provides that permanent scheduling cannot occur earlier than 3 years after the Attorney General issues a temporary scheduling order. This allows the scientific community time to address any pending issues that pertain to the drugs temporarily scheduled and prior to plac-ing them on schedule A permanently. If the research finds that these temporarily scheduled drugs lack sufficient potential for abuse that would qualify such drugs under schedule A, then this amendment provides that the Attorney General has 30 days in which he must terminate the temporary sched-uling order for that drug or substance. This is a sensible amendment that will pro-vide oversight of the scheduling process. And for these reasons, I support this amendment and urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he might con-sume to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. M
ARINO ). Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time does the gentleman from Virginia have left? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 3
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment makes three impactful changes to SITSA. First, it changes and sets strict definitions of what con-stitutes a controlled substance ana-logue suitable for inclusion in schedule A. A substance proposed for inclusion in schedule A must have a close chem-ical and scientific relationship to a substance already controlled in one of the other five schedules. Second, it checks the power of the Attorney General in the permanent scheduling process. Under this bill, the Attorney General will be able to act swiftly to bring certain synthetic drugs under temporary import and distribu-tion controls. However, this part of the amendment ensures that the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or HHS, possesses a veto power in the perma-nent scheduling process. If, after more extensive analysis, HHS concludes the drug lacks psycho-logical properties, then the Attorney General must remove the drug from the schedule A list and decontrol it. Third, it ensures that researchers with current Federal licenses in any of the five existing schedules of con-trolled substances can continue their research. Government and private sec-tor chemists and scientists are re-searching and developing new drugs and substances every day. These re-searchers already possess a Federal li-cense, called a registration, to conduct their research. This part of the amendment safe-guards the ability of qualified re-searchers to continue their research while unsafe and untested synthetic drugs are controlled in schedule A. This amendment makes a great piece of legislation even better. I applaud Mr. GRIFFITH ’s and Mr. R ASKIN ’s efforts in doing do. I support this amendment and encourage all Members to do the same. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 9 (and redesignate provi-sions accordingly). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is simple. It restores the commission’s jurisdiction over the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.020 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5217 June 15, 2018 
Federal sentencing guidelines as origi-nally granted by Congress in 1984. The United States Sentencing Com-mission has been working to address the seriousness and complexity of syn-thetic drugs for several years. If I might refer my colleagues to the April 12 meeting of the Sentencing Commis-sion where the chairman began his re-marks and indicated that the commis-sion was going to move forward on a multipart amendment regarding syn-thetic drugs, which will include but be not limited to K2 or spice, fentanyl and fentanyl analogues. This amendment draws upon public comment, expert testimony, and data analysis gathered during a multiyear study of synthetic drugs. That is what the Sentencing Commission does, and my amendment asks to remove the sec-tion in this underlying legislation that directs this responsibility to the Attor-ney General. The process that was created by the Sentencing Commission created a new guideline definition of the term fentanyl analogue. The change effec-tively raises the guideline penalties for fentanyl analogues to a level more con-sistent with the current statutory pen-alty structure to address the severe dangerousness of fentanyl. The amendment also creates a four- level sentencing enhancement for knowingly misrepresenting or know-ingly marketing fentanyl or fentanyl analogues as another substance which equates to an approximate 50 percent increase in sentence length. What I am saying to my colleagues is that we have a structure. The report was issued on April 2018. The Sen-tencing Commission has done its job, and I think that we would do well to embrace the work that has been done here. The commission’s recent amend-ment creates a class-based approach for synthetic drugs, establishes new drug ratios, and a new guideline for fentanyl analogues, so it is unnecessary to have section 9 in the present legislation. Mr. Chairman, I would ask my col-leagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, section 9 of the bill would provide guidance in sen-tencing during the current problematic time for courts, prosecutors, and de-fendants. Courts are having difficulties similar to those of law enforcement be-cause of the constantly evolving nature of synthetic drugs and their chemical makeup. Recently, the U.S. Sentencing Com-mission unanimously approved a slate of new amendments to the sentencing guidelines. Among them are guidelines for the three most potent classes of synthetic analogues being imported from China and distributed in the United States. I view this as a tremen-dous step forward in providing guid-ance to courts, which are performing very labor-intensive examinations dur-ing sentencing proceedings This amendment would strike section 9 of the bill. Chairman G
OODLATTE has spoken to and received correspondence from Judge William Pryor, acting chairman of the Sentencing Commis-sion. Both he and his staff have assured Chairman G
OODLATTE that synthetic drug guidelines will remain a priority for the commission. I am agreeable to striking section 9 of this bill, and I encourage the Sen-tencing Commission to continue its important work and to provide guid-ance to the courts in these often com-plex cases. I support the Jackson Lee amend-ment and encourage all Members to do likewise. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania, and, as well, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. We worked on this, and I am glad that our staff was able to communicate. I think it is important to emphasize that, going forward, the Sentencing Commission will continue its multiyear study to ensure that the Federal sentencing guidelines are up-dated to reflect any new challenges re-sulting from these serious drugs and that they be addressed in the Federal sentencing guidelines. Consistent with its mission estab-lished by Congress in the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, the commission will also work to update guidelines on an annual basis to reflect any new needs that we may have with respect to these new and growing synthetic ana-logues and other drugs that are contin-ually coming, tragically, into the mar-ketplace. b1030 Mr. Chairman, I have here a public data presentation for synthetic drugs, dated January 2018; also the April 2018 report; and, as well, the opening state-ment of the chairman of the Sen-tencing Commission dated April 12, 2018. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the Jackson Lee amendment, which restores the Commis-sion’s jurisdiction over the federal sentencing guidelines, as originally granted by Congress. The United States Sentencing Commission has been working to address the seriousness and complexity of synthetic drugs for several years. Since this legislation was introduced, the Sentencing Commission approved a multi-part synthetic drugs amendment in April 2018. The Commission conducted extensive re-search of past cases and current data, held multiple hearings and engaged in extensive collaboration with DOJ, DEA and experts to determine the best manner to address these drugs within the context of the federal sen-tencing guidelines. The Commission’s recent amendment cre-ates a class-based approach for synthetic drugs, establishes new drug ratios and a new guideline penalty for fentanyl analogues. Consistent with the established process, the recent amendment reflected a deliberative, data-driven process which included extensive public comment, expert testimony and data analysis gathered during a multi-year study of synthetic drugs. Section 9 of H.R. 2851 should be struck from the pending legislation because: It is un-necessary, overly broad and duplicative of the Commission’s existing action. Section 9 will result in greater litigation and delays for the federal courts. This section would also under-mine the certainty in federal sentencing for synthetic drugs that would otherwise be avoid-ed based on the Commission’s new amend-ment. Congress delegated the authority to amend the federal sentencing guidelines two decades ago in order to ensure fair, data-driv-en outcomes in federal sentencing. This provi-sion is an unprecedented and unnecessary departure from the process that has worked well since established by Congress in 1984. Going forward, the Commission will continue its multi-year study to ensure that the federal sentencing guidelines are updated to reflect any new challenges resulting from these seri-ous drugs are addressed in the federal sen-tencing guidelines. Consistent with its mission established by Congress in the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, the Commission will also work to update the guidelines on an annual basis to reflect any new laws enacted by Congress. For all these reasons, I support this amend-ment and ask my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . SEAN  
PATRICK MALONEY OF NEW YORK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 115–751. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the committee print, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12. REPORT ON CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE ANALOGUES SOLD BY MEANS OF THE INTERNET. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration shall make publicly available on the website of the Drug Enforcement Administration a report on, for the previous year, the lawful and unlawful sale of controlled substance analogues (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)) by means of the Internet, including the following informa-tion: (1) The types of controlled substance ana-logues that were sold, and the number of sales for each such substance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.023 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5218 June 15, 2018 
(2) The name of each person, entity, or Internet site, whether in the United States or abroad, that knowingly or intentionally delivers, distributes, or dispenses, or offers or attempts to deliver, distribute, or dis-pense, a controlled substance analogue by means of the Internet, whether lawfully or unlawfully. (3) An estimate of the total revenue for all of the vendors described in paragraph (2) for all of the sales described in paragraph (1). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment in honor of a young man called Daniel Keegan. Daniel served in the Army’s 82nd Air-borne as an intelligence analyst for 8 years. He was deployed to Afghanistan twice. In 2009, Daniel was named Sol-dier of the Year of the 7th Special Forces Group at Fort Bragg. He was a remarkable young man. Like many of our heroes, he came home with PTSD. It took too long to get him hooked up at the VA. There were a bunch of dropped balls. So he began to self-medicate. He did that with drugs that he found online. He could order the drugs right from his own couch. Daniel lost his life in January of 2016. His mother, Stephanie, came to my of-fice not long after. Stephanie Keegan has now dedicated her life to improving services at the VA and fighting the heroin and opioid epidemic, particu-larly as it relates to our men and women in uniform. Just a couple of months ago, Steph-anie joined me in Hudson Valley to an-nounce the Stop Online Opioid Sales Act, and that is what is in this amend-ment. We started looking at this issue, and we found out that we are losing the in-formation battle in the fight to stop online drug sales. In fact, we don’t even know exactly how much is coming into our country, or where it is coming from. Earlier this year, the Senate released a report suggesting that $800 million of opioids were coming just from China alone and being sold online. I am told that 50,000 doses of fentanyl can be fit inside a business size envelope. We need to get on top of this prob-lem. These statistics are alarming. The trend is alarming. We don’t know what is happening. We need the DEA to get in the game on this, and we need to know how much of an issue this really is. It is really hard to keep up with the constantly evolving tech landscape when it comes to drug sales. But the first step in stopping the problem is understanding the scope. What we know is that drug addicts, right now, can conduct their online habit without leaving their home. The drugs come in the UPS truck, or the FedEx truck, or the U.S. mail, and they can sell drugs to people who come to that location. I have spoken to recovering addicts who never left their house, who con-ducted, for years, an online drug busi-ness out of their own house and fed their own habit with it. We need to get on top of this prob-lem. That is what is in this amendment and what it would allow us to do. We would simply require the DEA to com-pile a comprehensive report on the sale of drugs online within a year, and then be required to continue to issue annual reports containing this information. Under the amendment, the reports would include the types and amounts of controlled substances and analogues sold online, the name of each entity and person selling them, and an esti-mate of the revenue being generated through these illegal channels. This opioid crisis has impacted folks from every State, every party, and every walk of life, and it certainly doesn’t care what party you belong to. Mr. Chairman, I ask all of my col-leagues, on both sides of the aisle, to join me in support of this amendment so that we can fight back against this scourge and stop burying young Amer-ican heroes like Daniel Keegan. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment requires the Drug Enforce-ment Administration to compile a re-port on both the lawful and illicit sale of synthetic drug analogues over the internet. Unfortunately, the internet and the dark web have become sizable marketplaces for many illegal drugs, especially synthetic analogues. As Chairman G
OODLATTE stated ear-lier, Garrett Holman lost his life from synthetic drugs he ordered over the internet and received in the mail from China. The report requested by this amendment will help Congress and law enforcement have a better picture of the magnitude of the synthetic drug problem. Mr. Chairman, I support the Maloney amendment, I urge my colleagues to do the same, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his support. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from New York for capturing the scourge of the epi-demic of online drug sales that reach into the living rooms of so many inno-cent persons, and my sympathy for the loss of one of our heroes who wore the uniform. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support this amendment as contributing to the im-portant information knowledge chain that is so necessary to families to help stop this scourge of going after inno-cent persons in their homes. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. I thank the gentlewoman for those comments. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. SEANPAT-
RICK MALONEY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 115–751. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the committee print, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12. CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE ANALOGUES. 
Section 203 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 813) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘A controlled’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A controlled’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION .—In determining whether a controlled substance analogue was intended for human consumption under sub-section (a), the following factors may be con-sidered, along with any other relevant fac-tors: ‘‘(1) The marketing, advertising, and label-ing of the substance. ‘‘(2) The known efficacy or usefulness of the substance for the marketed, advertised or labeled purpose. ‘‘(3) The difference between the price at which the substance is sold and the price at which the substance it is purported to be or advertised as is normally sold. ‘‘(4) The diversion of the substance from le-gitimate channels and the clandestine im-portation, manufacture, or distribution of the substance. ‘‘(5) Whether the defendant knew or should have known the substance was intended to be consumed by injection, inhalation, inges-tion, or any other immediate means. ‘‘(6) Any controlled substance analogue that is manufactured, formulated, sold, dis-tributed, or marketed with the intent to avoid the provisions of existing drug laws. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, evidence that a substance was not mar-keted, advertised, or labeled for human con-sumption, by itself, shall not be sufficient to establish that the substance was not in-tended for human consumption.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Chairman, first, let me commend the manager of the bill, Mr. M
ARINO , and the author of the legislation, Mr. K
ATKO . Synthetic drugs are a plague on this country, and part of the reason is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.003 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5219 June 15, 2018 
that our laws have not kept up with the evolving threat. Mr. K
ATKO ’s legis-lation helps the law catch up some-what, and that is important for the safety of our people. My amendment deals with a related area where the law has not caught up. Many of the purveyors of these poisons will seek to evade responsibility by printing on the label ‘‘not intended for human consumption.’’ The reason they do that is 21 U.S.C. 813 says: ‘‘A con-trolled substance analogue shall, to the extent intended for human consump-tion, be treated, for the purposes of any Federal law as a controlled substance in schedule I.’’ Now, the loophole there is, ‘‘to the extent intended for human consump-tion.’’ So what these people do is they just print the label, ‘‘not intended for human consumption,’’ and that makes it more difficult to arrest and pros-ecute and to keep these drugs off of the street. My amendment simply replaces part of that sentence with six factors, which should be considered, to see whether it is really intended for human consump-tion, whether it is really a situation where people know full well that kids are buying this stuff, that they are smoking it, or that they are otherwise ingesting it and dying as a result. As I said, this is consistent with the idea that we need to have our laws catch up with what the purveyors of these poisons are doing, and this is an-other attempt to add to the very valu-able work that Mr. K
ATKO has begun. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to amendment No. 4 proposed by the gentleman from Texas. The amendment adds a list of factors that may be considered when proving whether a particular substance was in-tended for human consumption. I oppose this amendment for two rea-sons. First, because criminal liability could result from one of the factors being proven merely under a negligent standard. Only whether the defendant should have known the substance was intended to be consumed by injection, inhaling, ingestion, or any other imme-diate means, it is not an appropriate standard to which we should attach criminal liability, particularly severe consequences such as mandatory mini-mums. Now, I have indicated that we have an action by the U.S. Sentencing Com-mission that took place on April 2018. We have a detailed analysis of the range of analogues, synthetic ana-logues, including K2, spice, and other fentanyl analogues, but not limited to. Therefore, we have a marker. We have a standard to save lives. And what we should be emphasizing, again, is treat-ment. Second, this amendment actually makes it easier to trigger mandatory minimums. For instance, a defendant could be subjected to a 20-year manda-tory minimum in instances where seri-ous bodily harm injury results. I am opposed to amendment 4 because de-fendants could be subjected to such mandatory minimums relying, in part, on proof that they should have known a substance was intended for human consumption. Now, let me be very clear. Some of these individuals who are defendants are, themselves, addicted, and, there-fore, they are acting as an addicted person. It is not an excuse, but it em-phasizes that we should steer ourselves more toward a maximizing of treat-ment and education to stop the scourge of the utilization of these drugs. That is clearly, as well, taken care of under the U.S. Sentencing Commission, meaning that these concerns of the gentleman, which I respect his con-cerns, are taken care of by a long list of responses and sentencing for the dif-ferent drugs that are noted as syn-thetic analogues. Again, we do have a basis going forward. The gentleman’s concerns can be taken care of in al-ready established law and policies by the U.S. Sentencing Commission. I have long opposed any laws that will trigger mandatory minimums be-cause we have seen the results of that. We have also heard over time from the U.S. judicial commission, if you will, because this takes away a judge’s dis-cretion and interferes with their sound judgment in sentencing the individual defendants that appear before them. Therefore, I oppose amendment No. 4. Mr. Chairman, I thank the Rules Committee for allowing my amend-ment to be placed in order. I also be-lieve that, at this point, we would do well to follow regular order to save lives and to continue to allow the Sen-tencing Commission to move forward as they made their commitment in the chairman’s letter. The chairman of the commission said that they will not stop working on synthetic analogues and that they will continue to struc-ture the right kind of criminal justice that works as it relates to sentencing to ensure that the concerns of my col-league are taken. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would improve the Federal Analogue Act, a provision in the Controlled Sub-stance Act, which, during a prosecu-tion, allows a chemical that is deter-mined to be substantially similar to a controlled substance listed in schedule I or II to be treated as if it were also listed in those schedules, but only if the substance is intended for human consumption. Drug traffickers, particularly those who traffic synthetic drugs, repeatedly attempt to evade Federal law by label-ing their synthetic drugs with a phrase, ‘‘not made for human consump-tion.’’ They do this routinely in a pre-emptive attempt to rebut an assertion during their prosecution that they never meant the drug be intended for human consumption. b1045 The Thornberry amendment sets forth six factors which a court may consider when determining whether a controlled substance analogue was in-tended for human consumption. It also states a label on the product is not suf-ficient proof, standing alone, that the defendant did not intend it for human consumption. This amendment is quite similar to S. 207, the SALTS Act, which the Senate Judiciary Committee reported favorably 3 weeks ago. Mr. Chair, I think this is a useful amendment to the legislation before us, and I urge my colleagues to join me in support of it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 11⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, again, let me indicate that I appreciate the gentleman’s concern. I am concerned that simply a negligence standard would be the standard for judging a de-fendant under this particular amend-ment: should have known the sub-stance was intended to be consumed by injection, inhaling, injection, or any other immediate means. That is not an appropriate standard that would attach criminal liability and particularly se-vere consequences such as a mandatory minimum. Again, I am holding up one of the re-ports from the Sentencing Commission, and I would make the argument that it is thorough in its review, and our col-leagues can be comforted by the fact that, again, the Sentencing Commis-sion will continue its work and it will continue to address some of the con-cerns of my friend from Texas. I would hope that we would allow that process to proceed. I think it would be very concerning to all of us if we had a negligence standard. I believe the courts will ad-dress the fact based upon the defendant and the facts that we have in place. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to op-pose the amendment and oppose the underlying bill. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to Amendment 13, proposed by Mr. Thornberry. The amend-ment adds a list of factors that may be consid-ered when proving whether a particular sub-stance was intended for human consumption. I oppose this amendment for two reasons: First, because criminal liability could result from one of the factors being proven merely under a negligence standard—only whether the defendant should have known the sub-stance was intended to be consumed by injec-tion, inhalation, ingestion or any other imme-diate means. It is not an appropriate standard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.029 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5220 June 15, 2018 
to which we should attach criminal liability, particularly, severe consequences, such as mandatory minimums. Second, this amendment actually makes it easier to trigger mandatory minimums. For in-stance, a defendant could be subjected to a 20-year mandatory minimum in instances where serious bodily injury results. I am op-posed to Amendment 13 because defendants could be subjected to such mandatory mini-mums relying in part on proof that they should have known a substance was intended for ‘‘human consumption’’. I have long been opposed to any laws that trigger mandatory minimums because they take away judges’ discretion and interfere with their sound judgment in sentencing the indi-vidual defendants that appear before them. Therefore, I oppose Amendment 13. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, there is nothing in the amendment that affects sentencing in any way. The amendment simply seeks to remove a get-out-of-jail-free card that these purveyors of poison have been using to try to evade responsi-bility. There is nothing that says, if you meet any one of these factors, you are automatically going to jail. What it says is you have to look deeper into these six factors to deter-mine whether or not it really was in-tended for human consumption, that just putting a label that says ‘‘I didn’t intend anybody to smoke this stuff’’ is not enough to evade liability. And I would note, Mr. Chairman, that the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the National Association of Police Organizations, and the Fra-ternal Order of Police have all sup-ported this provision. And as the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania noted, a similar provision sponsored by Senator K
LOBUCHAR was passed out of the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee recently. Mr. Chairman, this arises because a few years ago, a constituent of mine named Jesse in Amarillo, Texas, told his mother that it was no big deal; he was smoking synthetic marijuana. Well, it turns out it was this pot-pourri stuff that had been sprayed with toxic chemicals. Unfortunately, Jesse died. And as the police went to the place where he would buy this stuff, it had prominently on the label, ‘‘Not in-tended for human consumption.’’ It greatly hindered their ability to get that stuff off the street. Mr. Chair, this amendment fixes that. I urge Members to support it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 223, noes 158, not voting 46, as follows: [Roll No. 267] AYES—223 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—158 
Adams Amash Barraga´n Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—46 
Bass Beatty Black Blunt Rochester Carter (TX) Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeFazio Ellison Estes (KS) Gohmert Gosar Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Huffman Johnson (LA) Jones Kelly (MS) Labrador Larson (CT) Lewis (GA) Marchant Mullin Neal O’Rourke Pearce Quigley Reichert Roby Rooney, Thomas J. Sa´nchez Scalise Sessions Shimkus Smith (WA) Speier Tipton Tonko Trott Tsongas Walz Webster (FL) Wittman Yoho 
b1113 Mr. CORREA changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 267. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
ER-
GUSON ) having assumed the chair, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2851) to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regu-lated, and for other purposes, and, pur-suant to House Resolution 934, he re-ported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Com-mittee of the Whole. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.017 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5221 June 15, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this is a 5-minute vote on the passage of the bill will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the question of agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 239, noes 142, not voting 46, as follows: 
[Roll No. 268] AYES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lesko Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Murphy (FL) Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Torres Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—142 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garrett Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Heck Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Krishnamoorthi Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Williams Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—46 
Bass Beatty Bishop (UT) Black Blunt Rochester Carter (TX) Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeFazio Ellison Estes (KS) Gohmert Gosar Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Huffman Johnson (LA) Jones Kelly (MS) Labrador Larson (CT) Lewis (GA) Marchant Mullin Neal O’Rourke Pearce Quigley Reichert Rooney, Thomas J. Sa´nchez Scalise Sessions Shimkus Smith (WA) Speier Tipton Tonko Trott Tsongas Walz Webster (FL) Wittman Yoho b1124 Mr. VEASEY changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, un-fortunately, due to a funeral, I will miss the vote on H.R. 2851, Stop Importation and Traf-ficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017. It was my intention to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on Friday, June 15, 2018, due to changes in the floor vote calendar. If I had been able to vote, I would have voted as follows: On the Thornberry Amendment to H.R. 2851, the Importation and Trafficking of Syn-thetic Analogues Act, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ On final passage of H.R. 2851, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I was un-able to make votes on June 15, 2018, due to illness. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 267 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 268. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, on June 15, 2018, I was absent. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 267 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 268. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana). The unfinished busi-ness is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 2018, TO TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. 
f 
COMBATING THE OPIOID CRISIS IN CENTRAL WASHINGTON (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, in America, 91 people die every day from an opioid overdose. According to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.034 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5222 June 15, 2018 
Washington State Department of Health, from 2012 to 2016, almost 300 people in my Fourth Congressional Dis-trict died from an opioid-related death. These alarming statistics demonstrate the desperate need for the 35 bills we passed this week in regard to this cri-sis. I recently hosted an opioid summit in my district where I heard from con-stituents, Federal officials, law en-forcement, and health professionals about the impacts this epidemic has in central Washington. One constituent bravely shared the story of her son, Eli. Eli was exposed to opioids in high school. He struggled with recovery, and despite support from his family, it was difficult to find help. His addiction did not let him live out his full potential, and he ultimately passed away in 2014 at the age of 22 years old. Unfortunately, there are many more stories like Eli’s. We must put an end to this epidemic which is why I am proud to support the important legisla-tion Congress is working on. By im-proving access to treatment, preven-tion practices, and law enforcement, we are saving lives. 
f 
b1130 DACA (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, normally at this time the majority leader and I do a colloquy. We do a colloquy to dis-cuss the schedule for the week to come. My suspicion is they don’t know what the schedule is for the week to come because they were going to offer two immigration bills to undermine the proposal that so many have made to have four alternatives on DACA avail-able for the people’s House to speak for the people. We are noting today 6 years since President Obama put into place protec-tion for DACA protectees. Mr. Speaker, 86 percent of the American people sup-port doing just that, and the President asked this House to act. Mr. A
GUILAR  and Mr. H
URDin a bipartisan way—ev-erybody says to the public: Yes, we want to work in a bipartisan way— well, the majority had the opportunity to do it, and they have retreated from that responsibility and that assertion. I lament the fact that we have not acted as the President asked us to on protecting DACA. They are Americans in everything but paper. 
f 
5.7 MILLION AMERICANS ARE LIVING WITH ALZHEIMER’S (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, June is Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. Alzheimer’s is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States. There is no effective treatment, no means of prevention, and no method for slowing the progression of the dis-ease. Sadly, one in three seniors will die with the disease. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 5.7 million Americans are living with Alzheimer’s disease. By 2050 this number is pro-jected to rise to nearly 14 million Americans. Mr. Speaker, every 65 seconds, some-one in the United States develops this disease. This is unacceptable. Alz-heimer’s not only has a devastating impact on those who are diagnosed with the disease, but also their care-givers and loved ones. More than 16 million Americans pro-vide unpaid care to those living with Alzheimer’s and other dementias. In 2017 these caregivers provided an esti-mated 18.4 billion hours of care. Mr. Speaker, the time to act is now. Let’s join the fight; let’s take the pledge to raise awareness about Alz-heimer’s disease and to never stop searching for a cure. f 
DACA (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, 6 years ago today, DACA provided a shining light for hundreds of thousands of young Dreamers from all across this country to come out from the shadows and live freely without fear in a nation that for many has been the only home they have ever known. These are people who were brought here as young children through no choice of their own, but no longer. Now, since DACA was rescinded, their status and future hang in limbo with great uncertainty. Their futures and dreams are put on hold as those fears of being ripped from their families and deported to strange, foreign countries has reentered their lives. We cannot afford to wait another day. The vast majority of Americans support Congress passing a final solu-tion, a permanent solution, for these Dreamers. The majority of Congress supports finding a permanent solution for these Dreamers. Let’s stand together, work for the good of the people in this country, and pass a solution for these young people all across the country. 
f 
ROSES TO THE LIVING AWARD (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Hank Leo and Amanda Larson, members of the Onei-da Rotary Club. Hank and Amanda both recently received the Roses to the Living Award at the Kallet Civic Cen-ter. This award is given to Rotarians who have demonstrated exceptional commitment to the community through good works and involvement in needy and worthy causes. This dedi-cation and devotion to community em-bodies the spirit of the Rotary motto: Service Above Self. In 2002, Ms. Larson was nominated as president and chief executive officer of what is now The Gorman Foundation, an organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for present and fu-ture generations in central New York and around the world. Amanda has worked diligently to ensure that access to healthcare for uninsured and under-served citizens is obtained. Many of these people had not had the oppor-tunity to even meet with a doctor or medical professional for many years. In addition to his tireless work at the YMCA, Hank Leo has lent his helping hand to all of the Oneida community and throughout the region for many years. He has served as a member of the Oneida City School District Board of Education for 5 years and as a mem-ber of the Oneida Healthcare Founda-tion Board of Directors for several years. In June of 2013, when many Oneida residences suffered devastating losses due to flooding, it was Hank who im-mediately offered the YMCA’s Oneida facility as a place to stay for those who needed shelter. Mr. Speaker, please join me in ex-tending sincere thanks and gratitude to Amanda Larson and Hank Leo for their unparalleled contributions to our community. They truly embody the Rotary motto of Service Above Self. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BRETT SCHWANBECK (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Brett Schwanbeck. Brett attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Brett was a retired truck driver who was engaged to be married to his fiancee, Anna. Brett was a father of three and a grandfather of five. He was a kind and loving man who treasured the time he spent with his family. Brett loved lake trips, family gatherings, hunting, and camping. His favorite thing to do was go out into the middle of the woods and purposely get lost. Brett would do any-thing for anyone who needed help. His family remembers Brett as being funny, generous, and full of joy. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Brett’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.036 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5223 June 15, 2018 
THE CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL GAME (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to just highlight an amazing thing we saw last night at the Congressional Baseball Game: the power of prayer and perseverance. Exactly 1 year after that horrific shooting out in Virginia, we saw our Officers Griner and Bailey as well as our friend here on the floor, our whip, S
TEVE SCALISE , take the field, as well as Mr. S
CALISE taking sec-ond base escorted out by our col-leagues, Mr. R
ICHMOND and Mr. W
ENSTRUP . It was amazing to see that happen. Again, it is the power of prayer and perseverance with him taking the base and taking his position on the field. You couldn’t write it better in a Hol-lywood script, in that the first ball hit in the infield went right to S
TEVE . He fielded it and threw the runner out at first base. What an amazing thing, and what an inspiration for all of us. God bless you, S
TEVE , as well as the officers who were hurt on the field that day. A year later here we are seeing great things happen in a bipartisan way, a nonpartisan way, and a miracu-lous way. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for June 14 after 4:15 p.m. and the balance of the week. Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 38 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, June 19, 2018, at noon for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5184. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendments to the Swap Data Access Provi-sions of Part 49 and Certain Other Matters (RIN: 3038-AE44) received June 13, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5185. A letter from the Policy Analyst, De-partment of the Army, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Motor Vehicle Traffic Supervision (Specific Installations) [Docket ID: USA- 2018-HQ-0006] (RIN: 0702-AA90) received June 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5186. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Post-9/11 GI Bill [Docket ID: DOD-2017-OS-0046] (RIN: 0790-AJ94) received June 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 5187. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and Drug Administration’s report titled ‘‘Report on Drug Shortages for Calendar Year 2017’’, pursuant to Sec. 506C-1 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5188. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and Drug Administration’s report to Congress entitled ‘‘Least Burdensome Training Audit’’, required by Sec. 513(j) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended by Sec. 3058 of the 21st Century Cures Act of December 13, 2016; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5189. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and Drug Administration’s report to Congress entitled ‘‘FDA 21st Century Cures Workforce Planning’’, pursuant to Sec. 3072 of the 21st Century Cures Act of December 13, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5190. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Extract of Swinglea glutinosa; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0565; FRL- 9977-75] received June 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5191. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Wis-consin; Regional Haze Progress Report [EPA- R05-OAR-2017-0157; FRL-9979-32-Region 5] re-ceived June 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5192. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; ID, Crop Residue Burning; Revision to Ozone Require-ment [EPA-R10-OAR-2017-0566; FRL-9979-48- Region 10] received June 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5193. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Maine; Infrastructure State Implementation Plan Requirements [EPA-R01-OAR-2017-0117; FRL- 9979-07-Region 1] received June 14, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5194. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; AL; Redesignation of the Pike County Lead Nonattainment Area to Attainment [EPA-R04-OAR-2018-0077; FRL-9979-61-Region 4] received June 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5195. A letter from the Chairman, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commissions report titled ‘‘Report to Con-gress on Abnormal Occurrences: Fiscal Year 2017’’, pursuant to Sec. 208 of the Energy Re-organization Act of 1974, as amended (Public Law 93-438), and the Federal Reports Elimi-nation and Sunset Act of 1995 (Public Law 104-66); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5196. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a six-month periodic report, covering November 15, 2017, to May 15, 2018, on the national emergency with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruc-tion that was declared in Executive Order 12938 of November 14, 1994, and has been con-tinued by the President each year, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5197. A letter from the Acting Director, International Cooperation, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s intent to sign the Memorandum of Understanding Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Department of Defence of Australia, pursuant to Sec. 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act, and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5198. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Labor, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Semiannual Report to the congress from the Office of Inspector General, for the period October 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5199. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Of-fice of Inspector General for the period end-ing March 31, 2018, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, (Public Law 95-452); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5200. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Information Systems Agency Freedom of Information Act Pro-gram [Docket ID: DOD-2017-OS-0019] (RIN: 0790-AJ60) received June 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5201. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) Freedom of Information Act Pro-gram [Docket ID: DOD-2017-OS-0020] (RIN: 0790-AJ61) received June 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5202. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries — Management and Budget, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Capital Construction Fund; Fishing Vessel Capital Construction Fund Procedures [Docket No.: 080410551-7410-02] (RIN: 0648- AW57) received June 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5203. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries — Pa-cific Islands, National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, transmitting the Ad-ministration’s final specifications — Pacific 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.038 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5224 June 15, 2018 
Island Pelagic Fisheries; 2017 U.S. Territorial Longline Bigeye Tuna Catch Limits [Docket No.: 170109046-7933-02] (RIN: 0648-XF156) re-ceived June 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5204. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries — Greater Atlantic, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfish Fisheries; Specifications [Docket No.: 170713663-8176-02] (RIN: 0648-BH04) received June 13, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5205. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — Fisheries of the North-eastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; Framework Adjustment 28 [Docket No.: 161118999-7280-02] (RIN: 0648-BG46) re-ceived June 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5206. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries — Greater Atlantic, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s Major final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Essential Fish Habitat [Docket No.: 160301163-8204-02] (RIN: 0648-BF82) received June 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5207. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries — Southeast Region, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South At-lantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mex-ico; Modifications to Greater Amberjack Al-lowable Harvest and Rebuilding Plan [Dock-et No.: 170816768-7999-02] (RIN: 0648-BH14) re-ceived June 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5208. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries — West Coast Region, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s final rule — Pa-cific Halibut Fisheries; Catch Sharing Plan [Docket No.: 161223999-7367-02] (RIN: 0648- BG61) received June 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5209. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries — HMS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s interim final rule — Emergency Meas-ures To Address Overfishing of Atlantic Shortfin Mako Shark [Docket No.: 180104009- 8201-01] (RIN: 0648-BH49) received June 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5210. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Individual Bluefin Quota Program; Account-ability for Bluefin Tuna Catch [Docket No.: 170823804-7999-02] (RIN: 0648-BH17) received June 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5211. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Sustainable Fisheries — West Coast Region, National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, transmitting the Ad-ministration’s final rule — Pacific Halibut Fisheries; Catch Sharing Plan; Correction [Docket No.: 161223999-7438-03] (RIN: 0648- BG61) received June 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5212. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Higher Volume Port Area — State of Washington [Docket No.: USCG- 2011-0576] (RIN: 1625-AB75) received June 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Ms. L
OFGREN , and Mr. R
ASKIN ): H.R. 6122. A bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to clarify that a State may not use an individual’s failure to vote as the basis for initiating the proce-dures provided under such Act for the re-moval of the individual from the official list of registered voters in the State on the grounds that the individual has changed resi-dence, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself and Mr. G
ROTHMAN ): H.R. 6123. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that an alien physician who is coming to the United States to practice medicine in an area des-ignated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services as having a shortage of health care professionals is not required to pass the National Board of Medical Exam-iners Examination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. C OLE, and Mr. K ILMER ): H.R. 6124. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to authorize voluntary agreements for coverage of Indian tribal council members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 6125. A bill to rename a waterway in the State of New York as the ‘‘Joseph San-ford Jr. Channel’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6126. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide support to State and local governments in their efforts to counter violent extremist threats; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6127. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to create a safe harbor for finders and private placement brokers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. BERA): H.R. 6128. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow certain kinds of insurance and health care for individuals al-lowed a deduction for contributions to a health savings account; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6129. A bill to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to repeal the au-thority of the President to assume emer-gency control of the police of the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 6130. A bill to provide for a 5 year ex-tension of certain exemptions and reduced disclosure requirements for companies that were emerging growth companies and would continue to be emerging growth companies but for the 5-year restriction on emerging growth companies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. TITUS (for herself and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ): H.R. 6131. A bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act with respect to entities that re-ceive Federal funds to assist animals im-pacted by disasters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. P LASKETT , and Mr. D
EUTCH ): H. Res. 946. A resolution recognizing the significance of National Caribbean American Heritage Month; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
214. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Ten-nessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 741, expressing strong support for Presi-dent Donald J. Trump’s proposal to con-struct a secure border wall and urge Con-gress to immediately take action to fund the construction; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6122. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This proposal is introduced pursuant to Ar-ticle I. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 6123. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4: The Congress shall have Power To estab-lish an uniform Rule of Naturalization By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 6124. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15JN7.000 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5225 June 15, 2018 
Pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Con-stitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 6125. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : article 1 section 8, the necessary and prop-er clause By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6126. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6127. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3, providing the power to regulate ‘‘commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6128. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6129. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 6130. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, providing the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 6131. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws nec-essary and proper for carrying out the pow-ers vested in Congress). f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: H.R. 20: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 99: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 193: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 809: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 823: Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 936: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1102: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1150: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 1464: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2015: Mr. C
APUANO and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H.R. 2197: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2495: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2777: Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, and Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali- fornia. H.R. 2906: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 3091: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3124: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 3148: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 3272: Mr. P
OLIS and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 3400: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3500: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 3923: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Mr. M
CEACHIN , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 4099: Mr. D
EUTCH and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 4117: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4206: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. S
INEMA , and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 4898: Mr. P
ANETTA and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 4940: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5038: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5108: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 5141: Mr. E
VANS and Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 5270: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 5533: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. V ELA, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. K
IND, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. O’R
OURKE , and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 5545: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. C LAY, Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OO-
PER, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. H OYER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K EATING , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. L
YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 5571: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 5609: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5671: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 5697: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 5713: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 5728: Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 5855: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 5886: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 5893: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. W
ALZ, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. P
ANETTA , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 5953: Ms. T
ENNEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 5988: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 6008: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia and Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 6042: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 6079: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 6088: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 6117: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Ms. N OR-
TON. H. Res. 31: Mr. K
IND. H. Res. 825: Ms. T
ITUS. H. Res. 886: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. N
ORTON , and Ms. F UDGE . H. Res. 929: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida and Mr. H
UFFMAN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 6 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. WALDEN  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 6 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. WALDEN  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 6082 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge peti-tions: 
Petition 10 by Mr. CURBELO of Florida on House Resolution 774: Mr. Cuellar. Petition 11 by Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania on House Resolution 873: Mr. Polis, Mr. Al Green of Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.019 H15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE849 June 15, 2018 
CELEBRATING ROGER HOLMES ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Roger Holmes, who is celebrating his 100th birthday today. This remarkable mile-stone gives us the opportunity to recognize Mr. Holmes’ contributions to his community and his country. Mr. Holmes a veteran of World War Two, served as a Tech Sergeant and Section Chief of Ordinance Cadre in the 9th Airforce Division in Holland, France, and England between 1942 and 1944. His service in World War II helped preserve the great freedoms that we enjoy today. I want to express my gratitude for Mr. Holmes’ dedication to the community of White-hall. He retired as the U.S. Postmaster after working for the local post office for almost thir-ty years. Mr. Holmes and his wife Edna will celebrate their 68th wedding anniversary in July. It is leaders like him who sustain the character and integrity of our communities. Mr. Holmes’ contributions to his country leave us in his debt. 
f 
HERBERT HOOVER DIKE 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the impor-tance of expediting repairs to the Herbert Hoo-ver Dike on Lake Okeechobee. Subtropical Storm Alberto highlighted the need for repairs, as water levels in Lake Okeechobee are rapidly rising toward the safe limit, leading to earlier than usual discharges ravaging our Southwest Florida coastline. Ex-pedited dike repairs would reduce the number and volume of these harmful discharges and better protect the livelihood of our community and our environment. This is why I am working with my col-leagues in the House, and with the White House, to secure additional funds to accel-erate repairs. It’s simply insurance: sooner or later a big storm will hit so it is best to reduce the time during which we are at risk. We need to pay less now, like an insurance premium, to hedge a future catastrophic risk. HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF JUDGE JOAN BERNARD ARM-STRONG HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Judge Joan Ber-nard Armstrong, the first woman elected to serve as a judge in Louisiana and the first Af-rican-American to serve as chief judge of the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeal, who died on June 9, 2018 at the age of 77. In 2011, Judge Armstrong announced her retirement from the bench after 37 years, which made her the longest-serving judge in Louisiana at the time. When Judge Armstrong was first elected to the bench in Orleans Par-ish Juvenile Court in 1974, she was the first African-American woman elected judge in Lou-isiana. Judge Armstrong graduated from Xavier University in 1963. She taught school by day and attended law school at night to earn her J.D. from Loyola University School of Law in 1967. She was elected without opposition to the appeals court in 1984, as the court’s first female jurist. She became chief judge in 2003. During her tenure on the bench, Judge Arm-strong was chairwoman of the Louisiana Con-ference of Court of Appeal Judges from 2004 to 2005 and was also a member of the Judici-ary Budgetary Board; Judicial Ethics Com-mittee; Judicial Human Resources Committee; Louisiana Commission on Law Enforcement and the Administration of Criminal Justice. Judge Armstrong served as a member of several organizations and received several honors during her long career: Loyola Univer-sity Board of Trustees, 1984 to 1990; Adjunct Professor of Law, Southern University Law Center, 1985 to 2003; American Judges Asso-ciation Education Committee, 1990 to 1991; Grambling State University Dr. Martin Luther King Criminal Justice Center, First Board of Directors; President, Community Relations Council of Greater New Orleans, 1972 to 1974; President, Louisiana League of Good Government, 1972 to 1974, and others. Judge Armstrong lived an extraordinary life that cannot be categorized. Her legacy will for-ever be a part of the city of New Orleans and her dedication to community embodies the spirit of the city. We cannot match the sac-rifices made by Judge Armstrong, but surely, we can try to match her sense of service. We cannot match her courage, but we can strive to match her devotion. A widow, Judge Armstrong is survived by two children: a son, Reverend David Arm-strong; a daughter, Anna Armstrong Alex-ander; and two grandchildren. She is also sur-vived by a sister, Florence Bernard James. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Judge Joan Bernard Armstrong. IN RECOGNITION OF FORREST JARRETT HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Forrest Jarrett, of Madison County, North Carolina. I would like to acknowledge Forrest for his outstanding love for mankind and conservation. Forrest Jarrett was born on November 29, 1928 in Madison County, North Carolina. After graduating from Marshall High School in 1945, Forrest went on to obtain a Bachelor’s of Science degree in Agriculture from Berea Col-lege in Kentucky in 1950. After graduating from college, Forrest en-listed in the United States Army, serving in the Korean Conflict from 1951 to 1953. After his military service, Forrest became a ‘‘relief watchman’’ with Norfolk Southern Railroad Company in December 1953. He worked for Norfolk Southern for 37 years and retired in 1991. While working for the railroad, he played a significant role in creating the Norfolk South-ern band, ‘‘The Lawmen,’’ which still performs today. Forrest and his wife, Alene, have raised two sons, Owen and Greg. Growing up, Forrest developed a passion for hunting in the mountains of Western North Carolina. This passion has led him to be a proponent for conservation and wildlife protec-tion. Forrest has helped organize an annual Wild Game Dinner fundraiser that supports various wildlife conservation efforts across North Carolina. Recently, the annual Wild Game Dinner in Asheville, North Carolina was renamed the Forrest E. Jarrett Wild Game Dinner for Wildlife Conservation in his honor. Mr. Jarrett’s dedication to preserving wildlife and his love for people has set him apart as a man well worthy of esteem and earned him the title of a faithful friend. It is my distinct honor to recognize Forrest’s dedication to wildlife and conservation as the Forrest E. Jarrett Wild Game Dinner for Wildlife Con-servation is named in his honor. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR ABIGAIL VINCENT 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to Major Abigail Vincent for her exemplary dedication to duty and service as an Army Congressional Fellow and Congressional Budget Liaison for the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Financial Management and Comp-troller). Major Vincent is transitioning from her current assignment to serve as Comptroller and Deputy Director of Administration for the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infec-tious Diseases. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15JN8.001 E15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE850 June 15, 2018 
Born in Kalamazoo, Michigan, where her parents still reside, Major Vincent was com-missioned as a Medical Service Corps officer after her graduation from the United States Military Academy at West Point with a Bach-elor of Science Degree in Comparative Poli-tics. She also holds a Master’s degree in Leg-islative Affairs from the George Washington University. Major Vincent has served in a broad range of assignments during her thirteen years as an Army officer. Her assignments include: platoon leader and company executive officer at Fort Lewis, WA; Medical Operations Officer in Seagoville, TX; and Legislative Liaison in the National Capital Region. She also has a com-bat deployment encompassing 17 months in theater where she served in the Commander’s Initiatives Group and as aide-de-camp for the Multi-National Force—Iraq Commander, Gen-eral Ray Odierno. In 2014, I had the privilege of having Major Vincent as an Army Congressional Fellow in my office and continued to work with her dur-ing her subsequent assignment as a Congres-sional Budget Liaison for the U.S. Army. Major Vincent’s professionalism, diligence, and com-mitment to the mission are unmatched, and her work both as a fellow and as a liaison very effectively represented the U.S. Army and the Department of Defense to the United States Congress. Throughout her career, Major Vincent has positively impacted soldiers, peers, and supe-riors. Our country has benefited from her ex-traordinary leadership, judgment, and passion for the Army profession. I join my colleagues today in honoring her dedication to our Nation and invaluable service to the United States Congress as an Army Congressional Budget Liaison. Mr. Speaker, it has been a genuine pleas-ure to work with Major Vincent. It is with great appreciation that I recognize and commend Abigail for her service to our country and wish her all the best as she continues her service in the United States Army. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on June 13, 2018, I was absent for recorded votes No. 261 through No. 264. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: on Roll Call No. 261 I would have voted no; on Roll Call No. 262 I would have voted no; on Roll Call No. 263 I would have voted yes; and on Roll Call No. 264 I would have voted yes. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JERRY ANDERSON FOR A STORIED CAREER SERV-ING NORTHWEST OHIO 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I want to recog-nize WTOL’s Jerry Anderson for his years of service to Northwest Ohio as today will be his last day before retiring. Jerry has served Northwest Ohio as a valued and trustworthy face on the local news for more than 40 years. Jerry Anderson started his career in Bowling Green on the radio airwaves for WFOB in 1974 before beginning his TV news career in 1980. Jerry covered four national political con-ventions, the inaugurations of three presi-dents, and Pope John Paul II’s visit to Detroit into the living room of families in Northwest Ohio, and he was someone that Ohioans knew they could count on. Jerry is beloved and respected because he truly cares about Northwest Ohio and the peo-ple that live there. He’s been active in local charitable efforts, including earning his certifi-cation as an auctioneer so he could volunteer for more than 20 charity auctions annually. He also can often be seen as an emcee at com-munity events to help raise funding for local schools, disadvantaged families, and individ-uals with disabilities. I know his dedication to our region, as I’ve spent many years next to him at the Applebutter Fest in Grand Rapids, Ohio. Jerry always made time to talk. Mr. Speaker, Jerry Anderson is an institution in Toledo and Northwest Ohio, and while he’ll be sorely missed, I wish him the best of luck in his retirement. f 
BILL MITSCH 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Bill Mitsch for having received the first Odum Award for Ecological Engineering Excellence from the American Ecological Engineering So-ciety in Houston, Texas. As Director of the Everglades Wetland Re-search Park at Florida Gulf Coast University, he has become a highly respected scientist in the fields of wetland ecology, biogeochemistry, ecological engineering, and ecosystem res-toration and modelling. He has taught and inspired generations of scientists to pursue wetlands research through his extensive research on the subject, includ-ing writing five editions of a preeminent stand-ard textbook about wetland ecology. Further, he founded the Olentangy River Wetland Re-search Park, a major research wetlands lab-oratory at Ohio State University, and has served on the Science Advisory Board of the Environmental Protection Agency to provide his valuable input on wetland restoration. I personally would like to thank Bill for his dedicated efforts and research on the Ever-glades. 
f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF BERTHA ALICIA PEN˜A 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Bertha Alicia Pen˜a of Brownsville, TX for her outstanding contributions as a teacher and ad-ministrator for the past 32 years. In May 1974, Ms. Pen˜a received her Asso-ciate of Arts from Texas Southmost College in Brownsville, TX. She graduated from Pan American University at Brownsville, Texas in May 1980 and received her Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education. Her passion for teaching drove her to pursue additional educational opportunities. She earned a Bilin-gual Certification in 1982 and a Master of Arts in Education Administration in 1990 from Pan American University. Ms. Pen˜a’s teaching career began in 1986 with the Brownsville Independent School Dis-trict (BISD) as a Kindergarten teacher at Villa Nueva Elementary School. She also taught Gifted and Talented Second Grade, Fourth Grade, and Sixth Grade. Ms. Pen˜a became the Assistant Principal at Faulk Intermediate School in 1990 and the Principal at Lopez High School in 1993. She served in that posi-tion until 1999, when she was appointed Area Assistant Superintendent for BISD. Her commitment to the educational success of underserved communities continued as she became Executive Director for Project Grad Brownsville from 2003 to 2005. The program, which was first implemented in the summer of 2003, includes the four-week Summer Bridge Program for incoming ninth graders. Most re-cently, she served as Assistant Super-intendent for Curriculum and Instruction at BISD. I thank Ms. Pen˜a for her unending dedica-tion to shaping the lives of countless young people. While many pursue careers in teach-ing, Ms. Pen˜a viewed education not as a job, but a calling. She used her classroom experi-ence to improve quality of education and ex-pand opportunities for all students, and South Texas owes her a great debt of gratitude. Mr. Speaker, I honor Bertha Alicia Pen ˜a for her lifetime of public service. I ask my col-leagues to join me in wishing her a happy re-tirement as we celebrate her great legacy of teaching and giving to our children and com-munity. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JAVIER ARMANDO MARTINEZ 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Javier Armando Martinez, who passed away Saturday, Novem-ber 11, 2017. Born to Joey Martinez and Yoli Garza, Javier had four siblings, Vanessa, Veronica, Victoria, and Gustavo. He attended South Mid-dle School in Edinburg, Texas, where he ex-celled academically. Javier also loved being outside. On any given day, one could find him climbing trees, swimming, or riding his bike with his older brother. On May 19, 2015, Javier, at the age of 11, was diagnosed with Ewing’s Sarcoma, a rare form of bone cancer. Javier bravely fought against the disease, drawing strength and comforts from his parents and siblings who provided him with love and support every step of the way. Mr. Speaker, a brilliant young man was taken away from us before his time. Javier touched the hearts of those around him and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.003 E15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE851 June 15, 2018 
displayed inspirational courage in the face of adversity. The memories he leaves behind will forever be treasured by all who knew Javier. 
f 
UPON THE OCCASION OF THE 35TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INCORPO-RATION OF THE CITY OF EAST PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise along with my colleague, A
NNA ESHOO , to recognize the City of East Palo Alto upon the occasion of its 35th anniversary as an incorporated city in San Mateo County. East Palo Alto is a beau-tiful community of approximately 30,000 per-sons nestled between San Francisco Bay and communities to the west. The people of East Palo Alto have always been industrious. As the city entered the 1980’s, its leadership became convinced that this energy needed a focus: Its own city gov-ernment so that services could flourish and greater economic opportunity could be cre-ated. We were both members of the San Mateo County Board of Supervisors during this time, and we supported the incorporation of East Palo Alto because we know that self-deter-mination was the best way to deliver oppor-tunity. Passions ran high and the 1982 attempt at incorporation was not successful. However, the second attempt, in 1983, delivered a nar-row win of 13 votes. The leadership in this effort was, of course, local and several of those leaders were se-lected for the first city council. Ms. Barbara Moulton was the first Mayor and today’s Mayor, Mr. Ruben Abrica, served on that first city council. Also serving were Mr. James Blakey Jr., Vice-Mayor, Mr. F.J. ‘‘Omowale’’ Satterwhite, and Ms. Gertrude Wilkes. East Palo Alto is a community where the love of its original city mothers and fathers endures to this day amongst those who remain. This love has been passed on to multiple waves of new, energetic, leaders as the community under-went tremendous changes during the inter-vening decades. Since 1983, a police force has been created to replace the patrols of the county Sheriff, and today this department has strong ties to the people that it serves. The city has control over planning and zoning, so the tax base has exploded. Recently, the city negotiated water rights from its neighbors and is now poised to take part in the high technology transformation of long-dormant land within its jurisdiction. At one time in its history, East Palo Alto suf-fered from major crime problems, but the com-munity came together to dramatically improve safety. Today, East Palo Alto’s violent crime rate is comparable to the overall rate of Cali-fornia. Credit goes to city leadership, residents in all neighborhoods, the schools, clergy, and major philanthropies. A new jobs center recently opened and resi-dents are being placed in positions each month. Infrastructure problems that long be-deviled the community are being tackled on a scale that can only be described as gigantic. Flooding has been dramatically reduced due to a multi-million-dollar creek project nearing completion, and due to extensive improve-ments in the city’s storm drain system. Plans exist to upgrade major roads such as Bay Road. A new park at Cooley Landing recently opened, bringing access to the bay closer to the children of East Palo Alto. Coupled with the Bay Trail that runs nearby and along its levees, East Palo Alto is rapidly transforming from a community where the demand for addi-tional police services has receded at the same moment that the demand for a bicycle bridge over Highway 101 succeeded. East Palo Alto is in many ways like any other city in America because its civic spirit is improving the quality of life with the passage of every day. However, unlike many other communities in America, East Palo Alto con-sciously seeks to build bridges between its residents. This is reflected in the city’s mission statement: The City of East Palo Alto provides responsive, respectful, and efficient public services to enhance the quality of life and safety for its multi-cultural community. In 1983, skeptics predicted that the resi-dents of East Palo Alto could not financially support a city. They were wrong. In 1983, some predicted that infighting would kill the civic spirit of East Palo Alto. They were wrong. Civic pride, always strong and present, has flourished. In 1983, some wondered if the residents of East Palo Alto could deliver on the promises of incorporation. Today, East Palo Alto is a shining example of the story of America her-self. It is thriving and self-governing towards an ever-brighter future. We celebrate the 35th anniversary of the incorporation of this special place by the bay. East Palo Alto is an out-standing example of democracy in America. 
f 
DWIGHT BROCK 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Dwight Brock, a devoted servant of Collier County who passed away on June 12, 2018. After attending Florida State University and Stetson University, Mr. Brock received a law degree from Nova Law Center. Shortly after obtaining his J.D., he worked in the State At-torney’s Office before he was elected Clerk of Courts for Collier County in 1993. Mr. Brock demonstrated an unmatched dedication to public service, tirelessly fighting for the people he worked to protect. Early in his first term, Brock identified major faults in the business practices of Collier County in-vestment managers. He successfully pros-ecuted the individuals jeopardizing the finan-cial well-being of the county, ensuring the tax-payers’ dollars were well safeguarded. This example of Mr. Brock’s dutiful service to the people of Collier County was an early indicator of the courage and devotion with which he would serve for the rest of his career. Our community mourns the loss of such an honest and faithful public servant. I extend my deepest condolences to his wife, Cheryl, his son, Bradley, and the rest of his loving family and friends. IN RECOGNITION OF KXTN 107.5’S 30TH ANNIVERSARY HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate KXTN 107.5 radio station of San Antonio, Texas. Tejano music leader, KXTN 107.5, is cele-brating a significant milestone this year as 2018 marks its 30th broadcasting anniversary. In an effort to commemorate this achievement, the station has teamed up with over 30 artists and bands for a two-day music festival. Founded on the principle of giving back, KXTN 107.5 has been a leader in many com-munity service initiatives over the years. This includes raising over $1.4 million dollars for the San Antonio Children’s Miracle Network, over $1 million dollars for the St. Jude Chil-dren’s Research Hospital and blood donation drives for the South Texas Blood & Tissue Center. KXTN 107.5 has worked to provide listeners with a taste of Hispanic culture and values through its broadcast. The station represents the standard of broadcasting with their unyielding commitment to their listeners. For these reasons and more, the staff and support team of KXTN 107.5 is recognized for their hard work and leadership over the years. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize KXTN 107.5. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 25TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE BIO-TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION OR-GANIZATION (BIO) 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate the Bio-technology Innovation Organization (BIO) on the occasion of its 25th anniversary. Over the past quarter-century, BIO has served as the leading voice of the biotechnology industry and has been instrumental in fostering new discoveries that help patients around the world defeat diseases and conditions that were un-beatable only a generation ago. Biotechnology has not only helped drive the United States’ economy forward through the use of renewable and sustainable fuel sources, but it has also helped the world strive to meet the increasing food demands of an ever-growing planet. For the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, as well as in other places across our nation, the biotechnology industry is an integral pillar of innovation and economic development. As the largest representative body of biotechnology companies, academic institutions, state biotechnology centers and related organizations across the United States and in more than 30 other nations, BIO has contributed greatly to the scientific break-throughs in biotechnology that have benefitted our world. I would also like to honor the mem-ory of Henri A. Termeer, an early biotech vi-sionary and pioneering scientist who was a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.007 E15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE852 June 15, 2018 
resident of Massachusetts and provided re-markable contributions to the biotechnology in-dustry with his exemplary leadership, insight, and dedication. Mr. Speaker, I would like to reiterate that the Biotechnology Innovation Organization’s commitment to supporting the growing bio-technology industry in our nation has pro-moted a vast degree of innovation, helped to build a more robust economy, and benefitted a near countless number of patients around the globe. On behalf of the Massachusetts Congressional Delegation, I wish BIO all the best and much continued prosperity. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LESS CANCER ‘‘SPLIT THE MITT’’ BIKE RIDE IN MICHIGAN 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Less Cancer, founded by Michi-gander Bill Couzens, to help remediate the alarming increases of cancer diagnosis and raise awareness about cancer risk reduction and prevention strategies. Less Cancer facili-tates continuing education for physicians, nurses and public health professionals to high-light the 50 percent of cancers that are pre-ventable, and how to best educate patients on specific contaminants, pollution sources, and healthy lifestyle choices. Less Cancer also founded National Cancer Prevention Day, the National Cancer Prevention Workshop and fa-cilitates the U.S. Congressional Cancer Pre-vention Caucus. On June 23 and 24, cyclists from all over the country will team up for the Less Cancer ‘‘Split the Mitt’’ Bike Ride, an epic two-day 238-mile charity ride through the heart of Michigan. The Less Cancer cycling tradition started in 2012 when Suzi Tobias rode to Mackinac City to honor her friend Aileen O’Brien who lost the battle with cancer. This year’s cyclists will travel from Flint to Traverse City and conclude their overnight ride with a Cancer Prevention and Survivors’ Picnic at the Cowell Family Cancer Center in Traverse City, Michigan. The yearly ride could not happen without the many cyclists that participate year after year including Tom Petzold, Brian Dooms, Dave Toutant, Tricia Petzold, Ed Shumaker, Lars Perkins, Jeanne Petzold, and Andrew Bowman. Tireless volunteers include Melanie Awe, Sue Coughlin, Steve Theil, John Kretzschmar, Miles O’Brien and Ted Shaw along with support from the Less Cancer Board of Directors and Board Chair Donna Eacho. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Less Cancer’s tireless efforts to highlight cancer prevention strategies, and wish them luck in their yearly bike ride. Non-profits like Less Cancer are a huge form of support for cancer survivors, their families, and future generations of cancer-free Ameri-cans. IN MEMORY OF COL. PETE SERCER HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, last week South Carolinians were grateful to provide tribute to Col. Pete Sercer who was properly recognized as an American Patriot devoted to inspiring young people for military service at Irmo High School. The following thoughtful obituary is provided by Dunbar Fu-neral Home: 
COL. PETER EDWARD SERCER , SR., COLUM -
BIA.—Memorial Service for Col. Peter Ed-ward Sercer, Sr., (USAF, Retired), will be conducted at 11:00 a.m. on Friday, June 8, 2018, at St. Mary’s Episcopal Church with burial in the church’s adjoining Memorial Garden. The Rev. Jill Biemdiek will offi-ciate. A reception will follow in the church’s Parish Hall. Peter Edward ‘‘Eddie’’ Sercer, Sr., 81, peacefully passed away on June 3, 2018, surrounded by love. He is survived by his loving wife, Lesley W. Sercer; sons, Peter E. Sercer, Jr. and Paul L. Sercer. He is also survived by his sister, Frances Smoak, and numerous nieces, nephews, and cousins. Pete was predeceased by his parents, Peter E. Sercer and Marie Blaze Sercer, as well as his siblings, Helen Ross, John Sercer, Richard Sercer, Teresa Sercer, Jesse Shirah, and Caroline Croft. Born on October 19, 1936, in Columbia, South Carolina, Pete graduated from Columbia High School. He earned a Bachelor of Arts in Business from the Uni-versity of South Carolina, immediately join-ing the United States Air Force. After serv-ing over 26 years in the Air Force, Pete be-came the Director of the Irmo High School Air Force JROTC program for 22 years. In addition to his education at the University of South Carolina, Pete earned a Master of Business Administration and Doctor of Edu-cation. Community service was an integral part of Pete’s life. He served as a Commis-sioner of Midlands Technical College for over 26 years and was named Commissioner emer-itus. He was active in the Association of Community College Trustees in many capac-ities, culminating in his serving as National Chairman of the organization in 2010–2011. Pete was a founding member of St. Mary’s Episcopal Church and served on the vestry, building committee, and rector search com-mittee many times. Active in the St. An-drews Rotary Club, Pete served as Club President and Assistant District Governor and was a Rotary Benefactor, 10-Star Rotar-ian, and multiple Paul Harris Fellow. He was a strong supporter of the University of South Carolina Gamecocks, volunteering as a Gamecock Ambassador and Press Box Assist-ant during football games for many years. During his military career, Pete was award-ed the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star Medal, and other decorations. In 2006, he was award-ed the Order of the Palmetto in recognition of extraordinary achievements and service to the State and Nation. He was instrumental in the creation of the Irmo High School ‘‘Cel-ebrate Freedom Gardens and Courtyard,’’ dedicated in his honor. Pete Sercer was a good man, a kind man. He never spoke ill of anyone. He was a happy man, an optimistic man, and always had a smile on his face. Pete will be greatly missed, but the memo-ries of the tremendous joy he brought to our lives will always make us smile. The family would like to thank the caring and compas-sionate staff of Palmetto Health Parkridge and McLeod Home Care. To honor Pete’s life, memorials may be made to the Midlands Technical College Foundation or St. Mary’s Episcopal Church. f THAD WARD 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Thad Ward on his recent selection by the Boston Red Sox organization in the 2018 MLB draft. Ward, a right-handed pitcher, was selected in the fifth round with the 160th pick. Ward’s high school career was one to be re-membered. He was honored as the 2015 News-Press Player of the Year as a pitcher at Bishop Verot High School. During his college career at the University of Central Florida, Ward pitched in 22 games this past season and compiled a 5–4 record with a 3.27 ERA over 63.5 innings. I would like to congratulate Ward for taking the first step into realm of professional base-ball. His hard work and dedication are paying off, and I look forward to hearing about his successes in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GARRET GRAVES 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, in service to my constituents in Louisiana, I was meeting with Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson during the vote series on June 13th. This meeting centered on HUD’s administration of the $1.2 Billion appropriation for flood projects in Louisiana, as well as RESTORE programs and general flood recovery in the state. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes on both Roll Call 263 and Roll Call 264. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MRS. EVA LOUIS ‘‘TEE EVA’’ PERRY 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Mrs. Eva Louis ‘‘Tee Eva’’ Perry, the founder of Tee-Eva’s Old-Fashioned Pies and Pralines, who died on June 7, 2018 at the age of 83. Mrs. Eva Louis ‘‘Tee Eva’’ Perry was born on the Glendale Plantation of Colonie, Lou-isiana and grew up in the Magnolia housing project on Washington Avenue. Tee Eva, short for ‘‘Aunt Eva,’’ was the name coined by na-tives of New Orleans. Her voyage to become the ‘‘New Orleans Queen of Pralines’’ began in 1980 when she became an entrepreneur by sharing her grandmother’s family recipes with the world. Mrs. Perry left New Orleans in the early 1980s and spent seven years in Los Angeles, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.011 E15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE853 June 15, 2018 
California, where she taught cooking classes and catered private events for political figures and celebrities such as Governor of California Jerry Brown, Phyllis Diller, Sugar Ray Robin-son, Mr. T and Zsa Zsa Gabor. In 1987, right after an earthquake, Mrs. Perry decided to leave California and returned to New Orleans, where she rented a small kitchen located in Mid-City to make her pies and pralines to sell to local restaurants and businesses. Mrs. Perry became a walking vendor of pies and pralines. She was a frequent visitor at City Hall, where staff would chase her down to buy her baked goods. Mrs. Perry grew that business into a full res-taurant on Freret Street in 1991. She ulti-mately found a permanent home for her much sought-after cooking on historic Magazine Street near Napoleon Avenue in 1994. The shop moved up Magazine Street in 2009 to the corner of Dufossat Street, where the Tee- Eva’s shop has remained for over 15 years. From the walk-up window she sold not only baked goods, but also jambalaya, red beans and snowballs. Mrs. Antoinette K-Doe, the wife of the leg-endary singer Mr. Ernie K-Doe, was Mrs. Perry third cousin. The two women formed the Paradise Ladies, who always dressed in matching outfits, served as Ernie K-Doe’s backup singers. After Ernie K-Doe died in 2001, his wife looked for ways to keep his name alive. In 2003, one of her ideas was to revive the baby dolls, a Carnival tradition dat-ing to the early 20th century where African- American women dressed in short skirt and bloomers. Antoinette K-Doe enlisted Mrs. Perry and Geannie Thomas to help lead a group dubbed the Ernie K-Doe Baby Dolls. The Ernie K-Doe Baby Dolls continued to gather each year at Carnival, and make spe-cial appearances at concerts and cultural events, until Antoinette K-Doe died in 2009. Mrs. Perry cooking has been featured in countless magazines such as Elle, Home and Garden, Sherman’s Travel, Country Living, and Williams-Sonoma. Mrs. Perry also be-came a television regular via the nationally- syndicated Food Network program ‘‘Road Tasted’’ with Jamie and Bobby Dean, as well as Anthony Bourdain’s cooking show on the Travel Channel. Tee Eva retired in 2000, passing all of her Creole family recipes to her granddaughter, Keonna Thornton, who to this day fully owns and operates the business. Mrs. Perry lived an extraordinary life that cannot be categorized. Her legacy will forever be a part of the city of New Orleans and her dedication to community embodies the spirit of the city. We cannot match the sacrifices made by Mrs. Perry, but surely we can try to match her sense of service. We cannot match her courage, but we can strive to match her devo-tion. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Mrs. Eva Louis ‘‘Tee Eva’’ Perry. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RAYMOND ‘‘CHIP’’ LYNCH OF NASSAU, NEW YORK 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great re-spect and admiration that I rise today to rec-ognize the prestigious achievements of Mr. Raymond ‘‘Chip’’ Lynch for being named by the Chandler-Young Veterans Association as the recipient of the President’s Award. This designation is reserved for those special indi-viduals who have dedicated themselves to their community, country, and fellow veterans. Chip is a man of great loyalty and selfless-ness who bravely served our country in the Dominican Republic and in Vietnam War as a member of the United States Army. During his tour in Vietnam, he sustained a severe leg in-jury while engaged in combat, which led to many months of hospitalization and therapy. When he was offered medical discharge, he declined it because his calling to serve ‘‘in country’’ was stronger. Despite facing some adversity, his determination and patriotism prevailed, and he returned to Vietnam. Chip has received numerous awards and decorations, including three Bronze Stars, three Purple Hearts, and two Army Com-mendations for Heroism. Although he finished his tour and received an honorable discharge in the early 1970’s, Chip’s service to our na-tion has never stopped. For decades, he has been a passionate advocate for veterans throughout Rensselaer County, even saving his local Veterans Post from closure. The President’s Award is a true testament to Chip’s continued legacy of patriotism and steadfast commitment to improving the lives of veterans. I can think of no one more deserving of this honor. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my col-leagues join me in congratulating Chip on re-ceiving this award. His lifetime of hard work and dedicated service to the United States is inspirational, and I am grateful for his contribu-tions to New York State. f 
HONORING RICHARD SWIERAT 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor my constituent, Richard P. Swierat. After 35 years of service, Mr. Swierat will retire from his position as Executive Director of The Arc of Westchester, based in Hawthorne, New York, on Friday, June 15, 2018. Mr. Swierat’ s career began at a time when people with intellectual and developmental dis-abilities (I/DD) experienced widespread mis-treatment. Throughout his time at the Arc of Westchester. Mr. Swierat has tirelessly dedi-cated himself towards fighting injustice in order to shed light on the promise and poten-tial of the I/DD community. Under Mr. Swierat’s leadership, The Arc of Westchester has been on the vanguard of nu-merous improvements for people with IIDD liv-ing in Westchester County. Preschoolers with IIDD, who once were confined to self-con-tained classrooms, now learn in inclusionary settings, and adults with IIDD can now seek paid community-based employment instead of sheltered workshops. Mr. Swierat has influ-enced members of the community, in both government and business, and has been crit-ical to helping countless individuals with I/DD live, work, and prosper in the communities that they have always called home. Mr. Swierat is a member of the Board of Di-rectors of the Business Council of West-chester, sits on many state and national boards related to the field of developmental disabilities and is an adjunct professor at Western Connecticut State University’s Ancell School of Business. He received an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters at Mercy Col-lege’s 2018 Commencement Ceremony in May for collaborating with the College to make technology available to support people with learning and cognitive delays. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Members of Congress to join me in expressing thanks to Mr. Swierat for his 35 years of outstanding service, commitment and energy to the Arc Movement and to people with disabilities ev-erywhere. f 
UPON THE OCCASION OF THE RE-TIREMENT OF KEVIN MILLER, CITY MANAGER, FOSTER CITY 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Kevin Miller as he retires from his posi-tion as City Manager of Foster City. Mr. Miller has served as a city employee for a total of 33 years. He began in the Parks and Recreation Department and, for 23 years, was Director of that department. For the past three years, he’s been City Manager. Throughout this time, Kevin Miller has been an outstanding example of candor and thoughtfulness in public service. Foster City is a community of 34,000 people located on the shores of San Francisco Bay. It is a jewel, with waterways throughout and a culture of physical fitness and activity that would make an Olympic athlete feel at home just going to the local Starbucks. Residents can be found jogging along the levee in the pre-dawn hours, swimming at Gull Park on a Saturday morning, and playing at the assorted soccer, tennis, and baseball facilities through-out the year. The city’s website lists 5 parks in a community of 20 square miles. The only thing missing from this exciting community is a bobsled track-Foster City lacks even a mole-hill, let alone any genuine inclined land. Former Parks and Recreation Director Kevin Miller, backed by countless active citizens and city council members, is a key reason that this city pulses with athletic joy and energy. He led the charge to create these facilities and to nur-ture them over decades. He envisioned public places where families could relax or explore or yell and shout. He found land where geese can roam and where rabbits still chew the grass in the early morning. When the Fourth of July fireworks soar over the city’s water-ways, its residents ply the lagoons and canals in tiny boats. Kevin Miller is a decades-long leader in the creation of opportunities for healthy celebration, adventure, and play. A few years back, a longtime City Manager retired and the City Council naturally selected Mr. Miller as the successor. It was an easy se-lection for a challenging time. The Foster City levee had just lost its accreditation by FEMA, and suddenly the person at the tip of the orga-nizational spear was forced to confront a project that eventually penciled out to $90 mil-lion. In the past few weeks, the voters con-firmed the judgment of the city council, Kevin and other leaders on his team when 80 per-cent chose to fix the levee. Protecting lives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.014 E15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE854 June 15, 2018 
and property is Job No. 1 of the City Council, the City Manager, and the highly respected public employees of Foster City. In addition to serving as City Manager and Parks and Recreation Director, Kevin Miller has participated in economic development, housing and other activities during his time in public service. He has the confidence of the business community because he runs a busi-ness-like operation at city hall. It was many years ago that Kevin graduated from Chico State with a bachelor’s degree in parks and recreation administration. He ulti-mately assumed statewide leadership posi-tions in the Parks and Recreation Association, served on the county’s library authority, and assumed positions of regional oversight. He now says that he wishes to spend more time with Loretta, his wife of 35 years, and their adult children, Jacqueline and Leslie. He’s earned it, and we understand if he does more golfing in the future than he has in the past. However, he will be missed. If they could, even the seagulls would give thanks for his leadership because, despite admonish-ments by their parents to the contrary, children in the parks that Kevin created still love to feed the gulls. So let me take a moment to note these sa-lutes to the thoughtfulness and professional judgment of Kevin Miller -from the children whose smiles he helped to nurture, from the parents whose homes he helped to secure, from the city employees whose spirits he ele-vated, from the public safety personnel he strongly supported, from the city councilmembers whose confidence he earned, and from the wildlife who eat well because Kevin left room for their needs when he planned public spaces. Mr. Speaker, Kevin Miller is the John Philip Sousa of public management. The public is in-spired by his work, and he’ll leave this chapter of his life with everyone who knows him tap-ping their toes and moving to his beat as he goes through the door. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CAREER AND SERVICE OF NORTH BALTI-MORE’S BONNIE KNAGGS 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I want to recog-nize the commitment and dedication of long-time reporter and editor, Bonnie Knaggs, who recently retired as editor of the North Balti-more News. Bonnie has dedicated more than half of her life to reporting the news and has done a wonderful job serving the North Balti-more community. A Bloom Township native and graduate of North Baltimore High School, Bonnie has been a village resident for 80 years. What initially began as a hobby taking picture out of her apartment windows soon transitioned into a career in newspapers. In 1959, Bonnie started work at North Baltimore News selling news-paper subscriptions before being named editor just six years later. Throughout her decades-long career, Bonnie has served as a bookkeeper, photog-rapher, and reporter. Her work as editor for the newspaper helped ensure that residents could stay up-to-date on what was happening in their community. Bonnie helped cover some of the most im-portant moments in her community including the installation of the first traffic lights and a massive fire at the Trout furniture building downtown. I want to thank her for her years of service to North Baltimore and wish her all the best in her well-earned retirement. f 
INTRODUCTION OF H.R. 6076 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, with fourteen legislative weeks left in 2018, it is imperative the Congress take up legislation to provide the United States Postal Service with the legisla-tive relief that it needs to stabilize its finances, modernize its business model, and return to solvency in order to continue to provide de-pendable service to millions of Americans across this country who rely on it. Last year, the House Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform approved the Postal Service Reform Act of 2017 (H.R. 756) by voice vote. Throughout the process, the Committee worked with the United States Postal Service, private sector stakeholders, and the postal unions in order to report a bill that has near unanimous support. Unfortu-nately, shortly after the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee approved H.R. 756, then-Chairman Chaffetz retired from the House of Representatives, leaving the bill without a primary sponsor. That is why I am pleased to join my friend Representative M
ARK MEADOWS to re-intro-duce the Postal Service. Reform Act (H.R. 6076) with the language that the Oversight and Government Reform reported out last year. Like last year’s bill, H.R. 6076 would sustain six-day delivery, which provides vital services to millions of Americans and thou-sands of businesses across the nation. The bill would require the Postal Service to estab-lish and follow a rigorous, empirical, and trans-parent process when evaluating whether to close postal retail or processing facilities, while empowering the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion with the authority to review and overturn closure decisions. Additionally, the bill would authorize the Postal Service to modernize its business model through innovative service en-hancements, such as co-locating retail and government services with postal facilities. This reform would not only boost revenue, but in-crease convenience to everyday Americans who would benefit from being able to simulta-neously renew their drivers licenses while mailing a package. Most importantly, the bill would fix a problem Congress created by pro-viding the Postal Service with relief from the onerous and unnecessarily high prepayment requirements for the Postal Retirement Health Benefit. The Postal Service plays an important role in the lives of every American and a critical role for our country’s economy. Unlike private companies who pick and choose their cus-tomers, set their own rates, and can decide to deliver mail and packages only where it is fi-nancially beneficial, the Postal Service has a universal service obligation to deliver mail six days a week to every part of America—rural or urban—for the same price. In fact, compa-nies such as FedEx and UPS use the Postal Service to do ‘‘last mile’’ delivery for many packages in rural areas. And for many Ameri-cans, the Postal Service is the only option for them to pay their bills or receive communica-tion and packages, including medicine and goods that they may not otherwise have ac-cess to. Postal Service operations are solely funded by sales revenue from postal products and services. However, the Postal Service faces two obstacles as it attempts to find financial stability and even become profitable. First, with the rise of electronic communications, the Postal Service has experienced a drastic de-cline in mail volume. In 2008, the USPS deliv-ered 202.7 billion pieces of mail. In each year since 2008, mail volume has declined and in 2017, that number had fallen to 149.5 billion pieces of mail. Unfortunately, the Postal Serv-ice mail volume is likely to continue to decline and it is difficult to imagine a scenario where mail volume will go back to the same levels as last decade. The main driver of the Postal Service’s dire financial situation is the requirement that it, unlike any other federal entity, is required to prepay all employee health care benefits, 75 years into the future. The Postal Service first raised concerns about the aggressive payment plan mandated under the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act (P.L. 109–435) in 2010. That problem was not created by the U.S. Postal Service, the Postmaster General, or its hardworking men and women. Rather, it was Congress that imposed this short-sighted pol-icy decision. For that reason, the responsibility falls on Congress to restore financial stability to the Postal Service. Without Congressional action to relieve the Postal Service of the pre-funding requirement or a drastic change in mail volume, the Postal Service has reported a financial loss for 11 straight years. In fiscal year 2017, the Postal Service posted a loss of $2.7 billion. More re-cently, the Postal Service reported a net loss of $1.3 billion for the second quarter of fiscal year 2018 alone, more than doubling its losses in the same period a year ago. With declining revenues and increasing unfunded li-abilities, the Postal Service is being forced into a downward spiral of cutting services, losing revenue, further downsizing, and eventual bankruptcy. However, there is room for hope. While mail volume is declining, the Postal Service’s pack-age delivery service has been one of the few areas of growth in Postal Service revenues, experiencing double-digit increases in recent years and accounting for nearly 30 percent of its operating revenue in fiscal year 2017. In fact, the demand for the Postal Service to de-liver packages for Amazon, FedEx, UPS, and other retailers is so great, that package deliv-ery has expanded to seven days—a competi-tive edge for the Postal Service. The Postal Service’s package delivery services not only help mitigate losses in other areas, but pro-vide the American people with low-cost serv-ices for retail purchases. After more than 9 years and many stalled efforts, leaders in Congress have arrived at a bipartisan framework for postal reform. The ef-fort enjoys support from industry, labor, Demo-crats, and Republicans—not an insignificant feat. Is it perfect? Did every stakeholder get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.017 E15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE855 June 15, 2018 
exactly what they wanted? Of course not. But tackling big issues demands collaboration and compromise. While it is easy to identify the many challenges that ail the Postal Service, missing from almost any serious diagnosis is the fundamental albatross around the Serv-ice’s. neck. Some would advocate that there is a simple, easy, and perfect solution to restore the Postal Service. They offer their own purity test, impervious to new information, pragmatic considerations, and all context, for what must be included in a reform bill. It would be foolish to let perfect be the enemy of the good. Rath-er than re-litigate the discrete disagreements that guarantee its demise, our coalition has a worthy proposal that can save the Service. That should be the focus. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA POLICE HOME RULE ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the District of Columbia Police Home Rule Act. This bill is necessary to eliminate the President’s authority to federalize the Met-ropolitan Police Department (MPD), the local District of Columbia police department. The President has no authority to federalize any other local or state police department, and no president has tried to federalize MPD. Under the Home Rule Act, ‘‘whenever the President . . . determines that special conditions of an emergency nature exist which require the use of the [MPD] for Federal purposes, he may di-rect the Mayor to provide him, and the Mayor shall provide, such services of the [MPD] as the President may deem necessary and ap-propriate.’’ Under the section of the Home Rule Act that would be repealed by this bill, the President may federalize MPD for a period of not more than 30 days, unless a resolution passed by Congress extending such federalization is en-acted into law. Congress may also terminate the federalization at any time by enacting a resolution. This bill is necessary, even with these protections, because, under the principle of home rule, the President should not have control over the District’s local police depart-ment. While it does not appear that a President has exercised this authority over MPD, this la-tent power is totally unnecessary, should not exist and is an affront to MPD, which has al-ways voluntarily assisted federal authorities. MPD’s first responsibility is to protect District residents and visitors, and it must always re-main under the authority of the D.C. mayor to accomplish its mission. Moreover, federaliza-tion is outdated in light of current practice. MPD regularly assists the federal government as a matter of comity, not as an arm of the federal government, just as I am sure other local police departments do in the region. There are approximately 30 federal police de-partments under the President’s control in the District. In the case of a federal emergency, the President can unilaterally deploy these federal officers, as well as the D.C. National Guard, to address it, and also request the support of our local police department, as the President would do in any other jurisdiction. This is an important step to increase home rule for the District, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SHERIFF JACK VAN DUNCAN 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sheriff Jack Van Duncan of Bun-combe County, North Carolina. I would like to express my gratitude to Sheriff Duncan for his 32 years of serving and protecting the citizens of Western North Carolina. Sheriff Van Duncan was born in Spruce Pine, North Carolina and graduated from Mitchell County High School. Sheriff Van Dun-can began his career in Law Enforcement in 1986, after graduating from Western Carolina University with a bachelor’s degree in Criminal Justice. Sheriff Van Duncan went on to grad-uate from the Administrative Officer’s Manage-ment Program at North Carolina State Univer-sity in 1993. Over the course of his career, Sheriff Van Duncan has worked at the Weaverville and Asheville police departments, as well as the Biltmore Estate, where he served as chief of company police for six years. While with the Buncombe County Sheriff’s office, he proudly served as a Patrolman, Patrol Sergeant, Patrol Lieutenant, and Detective during his years as a Deputy. He worked as an Instructor in the Management and Supervision Section for the North Carolina Justice Academy for two and a half years before being elected Sheriff in 2006. Sheriff Van Duncan has served as Sheriff for Buncombe County for 12 years. Sheriff Van Duncan has had many accom-plishments as Sheriff over the last 12 years. He earned the respect of his colleagues by leading with integrity and restoring good order within the Sheriff’s Department. Not only that, he has been an innovator for helping the chil-dren in Buncombe County by starting the On Track Leadership Program to help rising eighth and ninth graders with good decision- making skills. He has also been instrumental in starting a juvenile diversion program that will help young people avoid obtaining a crimi-nal record. Sheriff Van Duncan has consistently dis-played professionalism and candor during his time in office and focused on meeting the needs of the people in Buncombe County. He has deeply impacted the lives of the people he proudly served for 12 years, and it is my dis-tinct honor to recognize his outstanding work and express the best wishes of the people of Western North Carolina to Sheriff Van Duncan on the occasion of his retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.019 E15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D682 Friday, June 15, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, June 18, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6122–6131; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 946 were introduced.
                                               Page H5224 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5225 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bost to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H5203 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H5203, H5221 
Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Syn-thetic Analogues Act: The House passed H.R. 2851, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, by a recorded vote of 239 ayes to 142 noes, Roll No. 268.
                                          Pages H5204–21 
Pursuant to the Rule, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–74, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on the Judiciary. 
                                                                                    Pages H5212–15 
Agreed to: Griffith amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–751) that incorporates an inter-agency agreement transmitted to Congress by the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP), the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ); clarifies when the Attorney General can temporarily and per-manently schedule a drug or substance to the newly created schedule A and prevents the Attorney Gen-eral from permanently scheduling that drug or sub-stance if the Secretary of HHS determines that there is not sufficient potential for abuse; also clarifies under what circumstances an applicant for a schedule A registration may continue to conduct research with such schedule A substance while their applica-tion is pending, among their research accommoda-tions;                                                                        Pages H5215–16 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 2 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–751) that strikes sentencing com-mission provision;
                                             Pages H5216–17 
Sean Patrick Maloney (NY) amendment (No. 3 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–751) that re-quires the Drug Enforcement Administration to make available a report on controlled substance ana-logues sold by means of the internet; and 
                                                                                    Pages H5217–18 
Thornberry amendment (No. 4 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–751) that specifies the factors to determine whether a controlled substance analogue is intended for human consumption, thus making it easier for law enforcement and health officials to take action against synthetic drug manufacturers, dis-tributors, and sellers (by a recorded vote of 223 ayes to 158 noes, Roll No. 267).
                        Pages H5218–20 
H. Res. 934, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 2851), (H.R. 5735), and (H.R. 5788) was agreed to Wednesday, June 13th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, June 19th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H5221 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN8.REC D15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D683 June 15, 2018 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two recorded votes devel-oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5220 and H5221. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:38 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies held a markup on the FY 2019 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. THE STATE OF U.S. PUBLIC HEALTH BIOPREPAREDNESS: RESPONDING TO BIOLOGICAL ATTACKS, PANDEMICS, AND EMERGING INFECTIOUS DISEASE OUTBREAKS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of U.S. Public Health Biopreparedness: Responding to Biological Attacks, Pandemics, and Emerging Infectious Disease Outbreaks’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Health and Human Services officials: Rick A. Bright, Direc-tor, Biomedical Advanced Research and Develop-ment Authority, and Deputy Assistant Secretary, Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response; Anthony Fauci, Director, National Insti-tute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, National In-stitutes of Health; Rear Admiral Denise Hinton, Chief Scientist, U.S. Food and Drug Administration; and Anne Schuchat, Principal Deputy Director, Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention. Joint Meetings 
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION’S RUSSIA POLICY Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission received a briefing on the Trump Adminis-tration’s Russia policy from Herman Pirchner, Jr., American Foreign Policy Council, and Alina Polyakova, Brookings Institution, both of Wash-ington, D.C.; and Yulia Latynina, Echo Moskvy and Novaya Gazeta, Moscow, Russia. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 18, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the Inspector General’s first report on Department of Jus-tice and Federal Bureau of Investigation actions in ad-vance of the 2016 presidential election, 2 p.m., SH–216. 
House No hearings are scheduled. Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to re-ceive a briefing on corruption in Ukraine’s energy sector, 3:30 p.m., SD–G11. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN8.REC D15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD684 June 15, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, June 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 5515, National Defense Authorization Act, post- cloture, and vote on a motion to waive a budget point of order thereon, followed by a vote on passage of the bill, at 5:30 p.m. Following disposition of H.R. 5515, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legis-lative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, June 19 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E854 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E850 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E851 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E852 Faso, John J., N.Y., E853 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E849 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E850 Graves, Garret, La., E842 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E850, E854 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E849, E853 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E849, E855 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E851 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E855 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E849, E852 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E849, E850, E851, E852 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E851, E853 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E850 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E852 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jun 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15JN8.REC D15JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST