Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4211 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, MAY 18, 2018 No. 82 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, May 21, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , MAY18, 2018 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, through whom we see who we are and what we can become, thank You for giving us another day. Send Your spirit upon the Members of this people’s House to encourage them in their official tasks. Be with them and with all who labor here to serve this great Nation and its people. Assure them that whatever their re-sponsibilities, You provide the grace to enable them to be faithful in their du-ties and the wisdom to be conscious of their obligations and fulfill them with integrity. Remind us all of the dignity of work, and teach us to use our talents and abilities in ways that are honorable and just and are of benefit to those we serve. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILMER led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING MRS. DELPHINE GIBSON (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mrs. Delphine Gibson from Hun-tingdon, Pennsylvania, who passed away on May 10, 2018. At the age of 114, Mrs. Gibson was America’s oldest liv-ing person. She became the oldest liv-ing person in February of 2017. Mrs. Gibson was born in South Caro-lina on August 17, 1903, where her fam-ily owned and operated a local farm. After her marriage to Taylor Gibson, the couple moved to Mount Union, Pennsylvania, in 1928, and together they had three children: Frank, Moody, and Ella. Those who knew Mrs. Gibson speak of her great sense of humor and bright smile. She was known to sing and hum her favorite tunes around the nursing home where she resided and shared the gospel with her fellow residents. She credited her longevity to her faith in God and her church, Mount Hope Mis-sionary Baptist, where she proudly worshipped. Having lived in Pennsylvania for 90 years, Mrs. Gibson left a lasting im-pression on all who knew her, and, Mr. Speaker, she will certainly be missed. f 
PUTTING TOGETHER A BIPARTISAN FARM BILL (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, the farm bill is supposed to be about people, but this bill is not. It doesn’t help the farmer I met in Chimacum, who said he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.000 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4212 May 18, 2018 
knows there is a whole lot for big cor-porations in this bill but not enough for family farmers like him who want to plant something in their ground other than a for sale sign. This bill is a step backward for the families that I met a few weeks ago who stand in line at St. Leo emergency food pantry in Tacoma and sometimes wait for hours so that they can feed their kids and make ends meet while they look for jobs. This bill cuts the safety net that helps dairy farmers I met with in Grays Harbor when our changing cli-mate floods their fields and turns acres of soil to dust. The majority claims they want to re-build our rural economies, but this bill cuts rural development grants that help business owners in Forks and Sequim keep the lights on. You know, I haven’t received one let-ter of support for what we are voting on today. The only people I have heard from are D.C. insiders who have mis-guided notions about real families struggling to make ends meet. This bill doesn’t care enough about real farmers counting on this bill, and the families in St. Leo and the 1.5 million veterans and 22,000 servicemembers who feed their families with nutrition assist-ance. It is wrong, Mr. Speaker, and it is an-other example why so many people are losing their faith in government. Let’s vote this down and put together a bi-partisan farm bill that does more to help people. 
f 
HONORING THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of the brave men and women in blue who serve and protect us each and every day. This week is National Police Week, but we owe constant gratitude to these individuals who risk their lives to en-force the law and protect families across the United States. Law enforce-ment officers take time away from their families and their loved ones, often without the thanks they deserve and often putting themselves in harm’s way. This week, we remember the officers who are currently serving, like Aaron Trombley from the Tri-Cities in my district, who was selected as the Wash-ington State Trooper of the Year. We also remember those who have lost their lives in the line of duty. In January of this year, Deputy Dan-iel McCartney of the Pierce County Sheriff’s Department in Washington was shot and killed after responding to a burglary, leaving behind a wife and three young children. Deputy McCartney and all of the other fallen officers will not be forgotten for their sacrifice. I want to personally thank the police and sheriffs’ departments, Washington State Patrol, and all the Federal offi-cers who keep central Washington’s communities safe. This week and every day, we offer our appreciation and re-spect for law enforcement officers across the Nation. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. KERSTIN WASSON (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Kerstin Wasson, the research coordinator to the Elk-horn Slough National Estuarine Re-search Reserve, one of the many envi-ronmental crown jewels in my district on the central coast of California. This week, Dr. Wasson received the 2018 National Wetlands Award for Science Research. This prestigious award recognizes Dr. Wasson’s extraor-dinary commitment to the conserva-tion and restoration of our Nation’s wetlands. For more than 18 years, Dr. Wasson has distinguished herself as a researcher, conservationist, and men-tor at the Elkhorn Slough. It is a great fit for her as it is one of California’s few remaining coastal wetlands and a valuable, ecological asset to our com-munity and, I believe, our country. The Elkhorn Slough reserve man-ager, Dave Feliz, said Dr. Wasson is a secret weapon to protect our Nation’s estuaries. She has been instrumental in informing coastal decisionmakers and implementing initiatives that protect the Elkhorn Slough. I thank Dr. Wasson, a wetland hero, for her work and congratulate her for this honor. 
f 
THANK YOU TO OUR FRIENDS IN BLUE (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today during National Police Week to honor those serving and remember those who have served in the ranks of our Nation’s law enforcement. Our brave law enforcement officers at all levels—Federal, State, and local— run towards danger knowing the seri-ous risks involved. Just 2 weeks ago, a Federal law en-forcement officer working with Chi-cago police was shot in the face as he worked to get illegally trafficked guns out of the hands of criminal gangs. We hope and pray for his quick recovery. Stories like these are a grim re-minder of the inherent danger of their job. It is why we take time this week and every week to show our support for their work and their service. To our friends in blue everywhere, we simply say: Thank you. Thank you for all that you do to keep us safe. Thank you for your service. Thank you for your sacrifice. We are with you, and we are grateful. HONORING THE MEMORY OF TWO NEVADA POLICE OFFICERS (Ms. ROSEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of two Ne-vada police officers who made the ulti-mate sacrifice in 2017: Detective Chad William Parque of the North Las Vegas Police Department, and Officer Charleston Vernon Hartfield of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Depart-ment. Detective Parque was a 10-year vet-eran of the force. He was a loving hus-band and father, a selfless member of our community, and a dedicated inves-tigator. His warmth and his passion left a mark on all who had the privi-lege of knowing him. Officer Hartfield was a victim of the horrific 1 October tragedy. He was a husband and a father, an Army vet-eran, a first sergeant in the Nevada Army National Guard, the author of a memoir, and a youth football coach. Officer Hartfield had an unwavering dedication to his community. I at-tended the candlelight vigil in his memory shortly after his death, and I saw firsthand how many lives he touched. Detective Parque and Officer Hartfield were taken from us far too soon. Their profound sense of duty and service will live on as an example for all of us. May their memories be a blessing. f 
RECOGNIZING MAINE LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, yester-day, fellow Mainers and law enforce-ment officials from across our great State gathered in Augusta to add one more name to the Maine Law Enforce-ment Officers Memorial Wall: Nathan Desjardins. The number of names on the memo-rial wall recognizes all law enforce-ment officers in the State of Maine who have died in the line of duty. That number, Mr. Speaker, has now reached 85. Yesterday, we also honored Corporal Eugene Cole of the Somerset County Sheriff’s Department. He was killed in the line of duty, Mr. Speaker, just a few weeks ago. His name will be added to the memorial wall next year. My heart goes out to the families of these two brave law enforcement offi-cials whose lives were both tragically cut short. As Police Week comes to a close, let us all remember and recognize the im-measurable courage, sacrifice, and dedication of our law enforcement per-sonnel across our Nation. Every day, they put their lives on that thin blue line that keeps our families safe and our communities strong. And, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.002 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4213 May 18, 2018 
Speaker, sometimes they don’t return home. May the good Lord accept Nathan Desjardins and Eugene Cole to rest in peace. Maine, America, and our world is a much better place because of their good work and their sacrifice. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize May 13 through 19 as National Police Week. This week is a special time to honor the law enforcement offi-cers who gave their lives in the line of duty protecting our communities. Last Sunday, 360 of those brave men and women were added to the number of fallen law enforcement heroes on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. Their sacrifice is not forgot-ten, and their families remain in our prayers during this week of remem-brance. We are blessed to live in a country founded on the rule of law, and this cherished principle would not be pre-served without our Nation’s dedicated law enforcement officers. This week, we also show our grati-tude to the 900,000 sworn law enforce-ment officers who put their lives on the line daily for our safety. Thanks for all you do. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 900 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ) kindly take the chair. b0914 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and con-tinuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes, with Mr. F
ERGUSON  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Thursday, May 17, 2018, amendment No. 20 printed in House Report 115–679 offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY) had been disposed of. b0915 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle C of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 8334. PILOT PROJECT FOR FOREST HEALTH, WATERSHED IMPROVEMENT, AND HABITAT RESTORATION IN NEW MEXICO. 
(a) P ILOT PROJECT ESTABLISHED .—The Sec- retary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, shall conduct a pilot project within the Lincoln National Forest, Cibola National Forest, and Gila Na-tional Forest in the State of New Mexico to analyze and demonstrate the effectiveness of various tools and techniques to address the following natural resource concerns: (1) Thinning for forest health. (2) Watershed improvement. (3) Habitat restoration. (b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary of Agriculture in carrying out the pilot project established under subsection (a) may conduct applied silvicultural investigations and treatments, including— (1) silvicultural investigations conducted for the purposes of information gathering and research relating to the natural resource concerns described in subsection (a); and (2) mechanical thinning. (c) C
OUNTY REFUSAL OF SILVICULTURAL IN-
VESTIGATION OR TREATMENT .— The Secretary may not carry out a silvicultural investiga-tion or treatment under this section if a county in which such investigation or treat-ment would be conducted provides a refusal to the Secreteray with respect to such inves-tigation or treatment. (d) E
NVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT UNDER  
THENATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY ACT.— Forest management activities carried out by the Secretary of Agriculture under this sec-tion are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assess-ment or an environmental impact statement under section 102 of the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (f) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—The Secretary shall encourage meaningful public participa-tion during preparation of a silvicultural in-vestigation or treatment under this section. (g) U
SE OF ARBITRATION INSTEAD OF LITIGA -
TION TO ADDRESS CHALLENGES TO FOREST  M
ANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .— (1) D
ISCRETIONARY ARBITRATION PROCESS  
PILOT PROGRAM .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture shall establish a discretionary arbi-tration pilot program as an alternative dis-pute resolution process in lieu of judicial re-view for the an objection or protest to a for-est management activity carried out pursu-ant to this section. (B) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The Secretary of Agriculture, at the sole discretion of the Secretary, may designate objections or pro-tests to forest management activities for ar-bitration under the arbitration pilot pro-gram established under subparagraph (A). (C) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF ARBITRATIONS .— Under the arbitration pilot program, the Secretary concerned may not arbitrate more than 10 objections or protests to forest man-agement activities in a fiscal year in each Forest Service Region. (D) DETERMINING AMOUNT OF ARBITRA -
TIONS .—An objection or protest to a forest management activity shall not be counted towards the limitation on number of arbitra-tions under subparagraph (C) unless— (i) on the date such objection or protest is designated for arbitration, the forest man-agement activity for which such objection or protest is filed has not been the subject of arbitration proceedings under the pilot pro-gram; and (ii) the arbitration proceeding has com-menced with respect to such objection or protest. (2) I
NTERVENING PARTIES .— (A) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any person that sub-mitted a public comment on the forest man-agement activity that is subject to arbitra-tion may intervene in the arbitration— (i) by endorsing— (I) the forest management activity; or (II) the modification proposal submitted under clause (ii); or (ii) by submitting a proposal to further modify the forest management activity. (B) D
EADLINE FOR SUBMISSION .—With re- spect to an objection or protest that is des-ignated for arbitration under paragraph (1)(B), a request to intervene in an arbitra-tion must be submitted not later than the date that is 30 days after the date on which such objection or protest was designated for arbitration. (C) M
ULTIPLE PARTIES .—Multiple inter-vening parties may submit a joint proposal so long as each intervening party meets the eligibility requirements of subparagraph (A). (3) A
PPOINTMENT OF ARBITRATOR .— (A) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Secretary of Agri-culture shall develop and publish a list of not fewer than 20 individuals eligible to serve as arbitrators for the arbitration pilot program under this section. (B) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—In order to be eligible to serve as an arbitrator under this para-graph, an individual shall be, on the date of the appointment of such arbitrator— (i) certified by the American Arbitration Association; and (ii) not a registered lobbyist. (C) S
ELECTION OF ARBITRATOR .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For each arbitration com-menced under this subsection, the Secretary concerned and each applicable objector or protestor shall agree, not later than 14 days after the agreement process is initiated, on a mutually acceptable arbitrator from the list published under subparagraph (A). (ii) A
PPOINTMENT AFTER 14 -DAYS .—In the case of an agreement with respect to a mutu-ally acceptable arbitrator not being reached within the 14-day limit described in clause (i), the Secretary concerned shall appoint an arbitrator from the list published under sub-paragraph (A). (4) S
ELECTION OF PROPOSALS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The arbitrator appointed under paragraph (3)— (i) may not modify any of the proposals submitted with the objection, protest, or re-quest to intervene; and (ii) shall select to be conducted— (I) the forest management activity, as ap-proved by the Secretary; or (II) a proposal submitted by an objector or an intervening party. (B) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—An arbitrator shall, when selecting a proposal, consider— (i) whether the proposal is consistent with the applicable forest plan, laws, and regula-tions; (ii) whether the proposal can be carried out by the Secretary of Agriculture; and (iii) the effect of each proposal on— (I) forest health; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.003 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4214 May 18, 2018 
(II) habitat diversity; (III) wildfire potential; (IV) insect and disease potential; (V) timber production; and (VI) the implications of a resulting decline in forest health, loss of habitat diversity, wildfire, or insect or disease infestation, given fire and insect and disease historic cy-cles, on— (aa) domestic water costs; (bb) wildlife habitat loss; and (cc) other economic and social factors. (5) E
FFECT OF DECISION .—The decision of an arbitrator with respect to the forest manage-ment activity— (A) shall not be considered a major Federal action; (B) shall be binding; and (C) shall not be subject to judicial review, except as provided in section 10(a) of title 9, United States Code. (6) D
EADLINE FOR COMPLETION .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the ar-bitration is filed with respect to the forest management activity, the arbitration proc-ess shall be completed. (h) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to carry out this section shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of the enact-ment of this section. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the chair-man of the Agriculture Committee having this bill in such good form for us today, but I have an amendment which addresses the forests in the West. We are facing an unprecedented fire season this year. The drought has been extreme in many of the western States. We are facing decades of management by a Forest Service that decided that we can manage forests in the West, where we have arid climates and not enough rainfall, the same as we have managed in the East, where they have plenty of rainfall. As we find the droughts continuing, we have trees that are stressed by dis-ease, by the drought, by pests, and, then when catastrophe strikes, when a fire actually starts, it just burns the entire landscape. Usually, these forests are not going to be regrown for dec-ades. They will have soft undergrowth brush that comes up in the meantime, but no large trees, no national forests, as we know it. They are overgrown. The thinning projects that would re-store forest health aren’t happening due to the lengthy delays, costly regu-lations, and litigation. The Forest Service budget has stayed pretty constant, but the thinning projects, the cutting, the balanced thinning projects that would restore the health to our western forests, have declined precipitously since the 1990s. From the 1950s to the mid 1990s, timber harvest averaged somewhere between 10 and 12 billion board feet. From 1996 until now, they have only harvested be-tween 1.5 and 3.3 billion board feet. This has occurred while the Forest Service budgets, again, have been enough to accommodate the programs. But in 1993, the spotted owl was list-ed as endangered. The scientific under-standing, at that point, was that the spotted owl would go extinct because of the logging, because we were cutting trees. About 80 percent of the timber industry across the Nation was killed. In New Mexico, we used to have 123 mills. Those were reduced down to one or two that are still operational today. That is the devastating impact that the decision on the spotted owl had. Twenty years later, President Obama, and then-Director Ashe, deter-mined that: Oh, logging wasn’t the problem. It was other predators. So they killed the logging industry. They killed the thinning of projects in the West over a mistake in their sci-entific assumptions. The government is directly at fault for thousands of acres of timber that are being burned annu-ally across the West. The Forest Service is forced to do ex-pensive and time-consuming surveys in project areas every 5 years. They are hesitant to manage because of how close they are to the nesting area of the spotted owls, even though the un-derstanding has been given that log-ging is not the problem. In the Mescalero, which butts up against the Lincoln National Forest— both are approximately the same size, about a million acres—the spotted owls are actually moving en masse across to the thinned areas in the Mescalero. The fire, instead of burning up habitat, drops down. When it is burning through the Lincoln, it hits Mescalero, drops down, and becomes a grass fire. Every indication tells us that we are man-aging incorrectly, but still, the Forest Service is not able to do large projects. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This amendment and existing author-ity in the base bill establishes so-called pilot programs on three national for-ests in New Mexico. The pilot would exempt all logging activity from environmental review and establish an untested arbitration system for anyone who wants to object to an unauthorized project. While we are told that this is necessary to pro-mote forest health and mitigate wild-fire, this sets a dangerous precedent, with the potential to do lasting envi-ronmental damage to over 3 million acres of national forests. What this amendment calls a pilot program would upend critical environ-mental safeguards and limit public par-ticipation in forest management deci-sions. This is more like a management reorientation project than a pilot project. The omnibus bill passed less than 2 months ago, included a bipartisan com-promise to fix the wildfire budget and update forest management authorities. The Forest Service has the tools it needs to restore our national forests. Unfortunately, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would rather use the threat of wildfire to roll back bed-rock laws to increase commercial log-ging. This doesn’t make sense in New Mexico, or any other State. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Mexico has 11⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. As chair of the Nutri-tion Subcommittee, I have been out West. This amendment not only helps preserve our forests, but it prevents mudslides in California, it prevents erosion, and it prevents the killing of fish. Without managing the under-story, the intensity of these wildfires will caramelize, or bake, the soil to where no water is absorbed. It runs off, takes everything with it, including soil particles, and increase turbidity in streams. My point is that clean water-sheds depend on this amendment as well. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, this amendment and the existing authority in the base bill would also give unprec-edented power to the Forest Service to shield future final agency actions from any judicial review. This is an ex-tremely dangerous power to give any agency. Allowing an agency to decide when and which actions to shield from oversight gives them power to ignore the laws passed by Congress. Under the language of this amend-ment, the Forest Service could advance any plan and be relatively sure their internal hand-picked arbitrator would approve it. Review by independent courts provides oversight to ensure agencies are carrying out a statute ac-cording to congressional intent. This check and balance ensures good gov-ernance and prevents abuse. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, my friend from Pennsylvania was pointing out about the problem with storm waters running off. Bonito Lake, in the middle of the Lincoln National Forest, close to Ruidoso, provides water for Holloman Air Force Base and for Alamogordo. It is 75 feet deep, just a small lake in the middle of the forest. After the fire, the Little Bear fire, the next rain put 50 feet of fill into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.001 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4215 May 18, 2018 
that lake. So, 75 feet; 50 feet now has mud and debris in it. All the fish were killed, and it is no longer usable for drinking water. That is what is going on in the West. Our watersheds are de-stroyed, our forests are destroyed, and our grazing habitat is destroyed, all be-cause of the management of the for-ests. This amendment does a very simple thing: It allows the Forest Service to go in and do large-scale projects. Typi-cally, they will be in a million acre for-est, cleaning 30 to 50 acres at a time. This allows them to get very large- scale projects to where we can restore the health of our forests. It is a com-monsense amendment. Mr. Chairman, again, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MS . STEFANIK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in House Report 115–679. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. COMPETITIVE FORESTRY, NATURAL RESOURCES, AND ENVIRONMENTAL GRANTS PROGRAM. 
Section 1232 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 582a–8) is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by inserting ‘‘or forest restoration’’ after ‘‘research’’; and (2) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) P
RIORITIES .— ‘‘(1) R
ESEARCH .—In awarding the initial grants under subsection (a) the Secretary shall give priority to applicants who will use such grants for research concerning— ‘‘(A) the biology of forest organisms, in-cluding physiology, genetic mechanisms, and biotechnology; ‘‘(B) ecosystem function and management, including forest ecosystem research, bio-diversity, forest productivity, pest manage-ment, water resources, and alternative sil-vicultural systems; ‘‘(C) wood as a raw material, including for-est products and harvesting; ‘‘(D) human forest interactions, including outdoor recreation, public policy formula-tion, economics, sociology, and administra-tive behavior; ‘‘(E) international trade, competition, and cooperation related to forest products; ‘‘(F) alternative native crops, products, and services that can be produced from re-newable natural resources associated with privately held forest lands; ‘‘(G) viable economic production and mar-keting systems for alternative natural re-source products and services; ‘‘(H) economic and environmental benefits of various conservation practices on forest lands; ‘‘(I) genetic tree improvement; and ‘‘(J) market expansion. ‘‘(2) F
OREST RESTORATION .—Grants may be used to support programs that restore forest tree species native to American forests that may have suffered severe levels of mortality caused by non-native insects, plant patho-gens, or others pests. ‘‘(A) REQUIRED COMPONENT OF FOREST RES -
TORATION STRATEGY .—To receive a grant under this subsection, an eligible institution shall demonstrate that it offers a program with a forest restoration strategy that incor-porates not less than one of the following components: ‘‘(i) Collection and conservation of native tree genetic material. ‘‘(ii) Production of propagules of native trees in numbers large enough for landscape scale restoration. ‘‘(iii) Site preparation of former of native tree habitat. ‘‘(iv) Planting of native tree seedlings. ‘‘(v) Post-planting maintenance of native trees. ‘‘(B) A
WARD OF GRANTS .—The Secretary shall award competitive grants under this subsection based on the degree to which the applicant addresses the following criteria: ‘‘(i) Risk posed to the forests of that State by non-native pests, as measured by such factors as the number of such pests present in the State. ‘‘(ii) The proportion of the State’s forest composed of species vulnerable to non-native pests present in the United States. ‘‘(iii) The pests’ rate of spread via natural or human-assisted means.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, America’s forests are one of our great-est natural resources: building our homes, empowering local economies, providing for sportsmen and women, and even supplying energy for Fort Drum, in my district. Unfortunately, our vast forests are under constant threat from the scourge of invasive species. These intruders bring not only ecological harm, but damage the economic viability of the communities that rely on these forests. Forests face added pressure when the invasive species attacking them are re-sistant to known remedies, face no known natural predators, and are spread easily by human land use. My district is home of the Adiron-dacks. With 6 million acres of park-land, I am deeply concerned with the spread of invasive species. One particular example of an invasive pest that is destroying Amer-ican forests and threatens the Adiron-dack Park is the hemlock woolly adelgid. This sap-sucking insect is causing the widespread death and de-cline of hemlock trees not only in the Adirondacks, but in the eastern United States. Since its arrival in the U.S. in the 1920s, the hemlock woolly adelgid has spread rapidly from New England, all the way down to the Great Smoky Mountains, feeding on eastern hemlock and Carolina hemlock in 17 States. This invasive species has few natural enemies in the eastern States, and na-tive trees are neither resistant nor tol-erant to their feeding. Without natural defenses, the hem-lock woolly adelgid and other invasive pests pose a significant threat to the long-term health of our forests. That is why ongoing research is needed to produce solutions and to account for the unique biology of these organisms and the way they impact the larger for-est ecosystem. In addition to research, we must work to restore our damaged forests. My amendment before the House would modernize the competitive for-estry, natural resources, and environ-mental grants program. This amend-ment realigns the priorities of the grant program to focus on researching the characteristics and ecosystem-wide impact of these species, while also al-lowing for restoration projects of na-tive forests that have suffered severe levels of mortality caused by invasive species. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to support this very common-sense amendment. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. STEFANIK. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentle-woman for offering this amendment. It is an incredibly important amendment. Ms. S
TEFANIK talked about just one of many invasive species. This body, uniformly and united, put a lot of money into a significant threat to our forests, which was wildfire funding. Those of us who live on the East Coast, we have wildfires, Mr. Chairman, but they are more limited in scope. We don’t have, certainly, the devastating effects of the half a million acres that I saw when I visited Washington. Our primary threat is invasive spe-cies. The hemlock woolly adelgid is one of those. That is actually our State tree that it goes after in Pennsylvania, so we take that pretty personal. When the hemlock woolly adelgid kills the hemlock trees, it warms our trout streams, which we are known for, and that is an important part of our num-ber two industry, which is tourism. We have a new threat that has just recently come into this country from somewhere in Asia. It might have been China, I am not sure. It is called the spotted lanternfly. The spotted lanternfly is the most beautiful but-terfly you have every seen, Mr. Chair-man, but it is the most deadly to grapes, apple trees, pear trees, all fruit trees, and hardwoods. That is a big part of our economy, certainly in Pennsyl-vania and on the East Coast. Mr. Chairman, I really support this amendment. We need research, we need not just solutions on how to deal with these invasive species, but we need to find solutions that are landscaped, that can be applied broadly, because it is very difficult to do it tree by tree. We are doing that with the hemlock wool-ly adelgid, but we do need more re-search. The U.S. Forest Research Lab is a great part of the U.S. Forest Serv-ice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.007 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4216 May 18, 2018 
I appreciate the work also on restor-ing those forests. A good healthy for-est, which means we are actively har-vesting and we are maintaining and we are preventing wildfires and dealing with invasive species, provides us with clean air and clean water. They are the largest carbon sinks in the world, a good healthy forest. b0930 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ). Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for letting me speak on her amendment. Mr. Chair, I have the great pleasure and honor of representing a community called Notrees, Texas, and so to be standing up in support of a forestry amendment might be a little odd, but I certainly recognize the great impor-tance it has to this country. Holding off these invasive species in a stalemate is not a fix. We have got to be aggressive to protect this natural resource and this incredible legacy that has been bestowed upon this great country. So maintaining healthy for-ests are a big deal. Mr. Chair, I am supportive of the gentlewoman’s amendment and I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ when it is time for the vote. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . FASO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 23 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 572, after line 23, add the following: 
SEC. 9122. PREVENTING THE ARRIVAL IN THE UNITED STATES OF FOREST PESTS THROUGH RESTRICTIONS ON THE IMPORTATION OF CERTAIN PLANTS FOR PLANTING. 
(a) C RITERIA FOR ADDING PLANTS TO NOT A
UTHORIZED PENDING PEST RISKANALYSIS  L
IST.—Section 412(a) of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7711(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) R
EGULATION OF MOVEMENT .—The Sec- retary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA FOR ADDING PLANTS TO NOT  
AUTHORIZED PENDING PEST RISK ANALYSIS  
LIST.—In determining whether to add a genus of a plant for planting to the not authorized pending pest risk analysis list, the Secretary shall consider the environmental impact on natural, managed, and urban ecosystems in the United States of a pest that may be car-ried on a plant for planting.’’. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Section 412(e) of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7712(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) R
EPORT ON INTERCEPTION OF FOREST  P
ESTS.—Not later than March 1, 2021, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port— ‘‘(1) evaluating the effectiveness of the Federal Government in intercepting pests in international shipping and on plants for planting; ‘‘(2) describing the geographic sources of intercepted pests and the commodities or plant species most often associated with in-fested shipments; ‘‘(3) quantifying the detection of forest pests in the national surveillance networks, including the Cooperative Agricultural Pest Survey and the Early Detection and Rapid Response network of the Forest Service; ‘‘(4) describing new outbreaks of forest pests in the United States and the spread of existing infestations; ‘‘(5) describing how the numbers of such interceptions, detections, and outbreaks de-scribed in a preceding paragraph have changed since January 1, 2018; ‘‘(6) containing proposed additional actions to further reduce the rate of arrival for for-est pests across the borders of the United States; and ‘‘(7) identifying current challenges with intercepting, detecting, and addressing out-breaks of tree and wood pests, as well as challenges in achieving compliance with this Act and recommendations with respect to such challenges.’’. (c) DECLARATION OF EXTRAORDINARY EMER-
GENCY AND RESULTING AUTHORITIES .—Section 415(a) of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7715(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (3); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) use available funds for all activities necessary for pest eradication, including pest identification, development of a pest-specific management plan, and implementation of that plan.’’. (d) F
OREST SERVICE AND ANIMAL AND PLANT  H
EALTH INSPECTION SERVICE COOPERATION IN  R
ESPONSE TO FOREST PLANT PESTS.—Section 431(a) of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7751(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ and in- serting the following: ‘‘(a) C
OOPERATION AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) I
MPROVED COOPERATION WITH FOREST  
SERVICE AGAINST FOREST PLANT PESTS .—The Secretary shall ensure that appropriate co-ordination and collaboration is occurring be-tween the Animal and Plant Health Inspec-tion Service and the Forest Service with re-spect to— ‘‘(A) periodically identifying and prioritizing critical detection, surveillance, and eradication needs for tree and wood pests; and ‘‘(B) identifying the actions each agency will take within their respective missions with respect to addressing identified prior-ities.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND IMPLEMENTA -
TION.— (1) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall issue or revise such regulations as may be necessary to implement the amendments made by this section. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment which would require the USDA to comprehen-sively assess and evaluate the importa-tion of forest pests and to provide op-tions as to how we can best address this issue. Imported forest pests pose what is among the most grievous threat to for-est health in the United States. Over the past century, forest pests have dev-astated entire species of trees, and threatened agricultural industries, businesses, and recreational opportuni-ties for all Americans. These destructive pests cost the United States billions of dollars each year in damages and eradication. By engaging stakeholders, tracking the geographic sources of pests, and as-sessing the effectiveness of current pest surveillance efforts, my amend-ment takes important steps toward un-derstanding the scope of the problem and why it is happening, while also giv-ing the ability of the USDA to strengthen its regulatory response. The problem of forest pests is not iso-lated to my district in upstate New York, but exists all throughout the Na-tion. From the laurel wilt in the south-east to the white pine blister rust in the Rockies, all 50 States face a variety of forest pests. Now, specifically, Mr. Chairman, what our amendment would do, it would require the Department of Agri-culture to evaluate the effectiveness of the Federal Government in inter-cepting the pests in international ship-ping and on plants for planting. It would describe the geographic sources of the intercepted pests and the commodities or plant species that are most associated with these infested shipments. It would require the Agriculture De-partment to quantify the detection of forest pests in the national surveil-lance networks, including the Coopera-tive Agricultural Pest Survey and the Early Detection and Rapid Response Network of the Forest Service. We would have the department de-scribe new outbreaks of forest pests in the United States and the spread of ex-isting infestations. This public infor-mation is going to be critically impor-tant in allowing us to prevent and as-sess the problems that exist. The Agriculture Department would help describe how the numbers of such interceptions, detections, and out-breaks, which are described in this amendment, have changed since the be-ginning of 2018. We would require them to have additional actions to further reduce the arrival of forest pests across the borders of the United States. Identifying these current challenges with the interception, detecting, and addressing outbreaks of tree and wood pests is a critical part of the mandate of the agency in the Department of Ag-riculture that is charged with this task. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.009 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4217 May 18, 2018 
Mr. Chairman, I urge the passage of this commonsense amendment to pro-tect our environment, to strengthen our trade relations, and to promote our local economies. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposi-tion to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Mr. F
ASO for his amendment. I have had the privilege and honor of visiting his dis-trict, where we had one of our listening sessions that we did. This is only my second farm bill to participate in, and the last one was very good. Chairman L
UCAS did a great job. But this one, we kind of broke the barriers, I think, in terms of trans-parency and in the amount of listening sessions that we had. I appreciate we were in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, where each January, we have a farm show, the largest indoor agriculture exposition in the country— that was a shameless plug, I know—but we were also in New York, and I appre-ciate what Mr. F
ASO is offering here with his amendment. I certainly speak in favor and sup-port of his amendment. Identifying the geographic sources is so incredibly im-portant, Mr. Chairman, because then we can see what are the natural en-emies to these bugs, these fungi, the invasive species that really today are having such a devastating effect. In the Allegheny National Forest, we are proud of our hardwood cherry. We are very afraid of the spotted lanternfly because of what that could do. Compared to the West, we are prob-ably what are considered a puny or very small National Forest, about 513,000 acres, but it is the most profit-able National Forest because of the value of our timber, and invasive spe-cies go right after the value. Today, standing in that forest, we have a lot of ash—which makes great baseball bats, among other things—that are dead be-cause of the emerald ash borer. So the gentleman’s amendment, which would track and really provide the tools that the Forest Service—it builds on the tools that the Forest Service has. These are additional tools that they need to have. It is so incredibly important when you look at the economic threat, and that is the way I look at invasive spe-cies. It is not just forest health, but these are assets. Our national forests were created not to be national parks. That is why they are managed by the Department of Agriculture, not the De-partment of Interior. They are meant to provide resources, timber, energy resources, minerals, and the invasive species represent just a tremendous threat. So we should do anything that we can to protect the value of that taxpayer-owned asset. Again, everybody benefits from a healthy forest. It takes CO2out of the air, it creates oxygen. They are the largest carbon sinks in the world. It keeps our watersheds healthy. Mr. Chair, I appreciate all parts of this gentleman’s amendment and I thank him for his amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ), the chairman of the Agriculture Committee. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, the scope of this problem is really not appre-ciated unless you go to our borders and see what happens. All the things that come into this country, that are shipped into this country, generally come in on wooden pallets, and those wooden pallets are a haven or a poten-tial pest nest for all of these wood- borne pests. We have laws on the books right now that say all of those pallets have to be treated. Those pallets have to be stamped with a stamp that says the wood has been treated properly. But if you go down there and talk to our hardworking men and women at APHIS who man these posts and try to prevent this from happening, they will tell you that they are constantly on the lookout for counterfeit stamps, pallets that have not been stamped or properly treated. It doesn’t take many of them having a pest in that pallet that then gets transported into the United States as a result of transit, and now we are in a fight that we shouldn’t have had to begin with. So I am fully supportive of the gen-tleman’s amendment to strengthen this whole process, add sunlight to it, even more light to it, because we have got great hardworking men and women manning these posts on every border. We have been to the northern border, we have been down south. Just the vol-ume of stuff coming through every sin-gle day that has to come through, we can’t stack it up and not get it through. Mr. Chair, I am supportive of the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chairman, I think that the comment that Mr. C
ONAWAY , our distinguished chairman, just made, he and I were privileged to tour a bor-der station where the employees of our Federal Government were working very hard to inspect the deliveries of all sorts of materials and commodities across that border. It was actually in Ms. S
TEFANIK ’s district up on the St. Lawrence River where we went to that border crossing some months ago. It is truly a remarkable process that our Federal employees go through in terms of trying to assess and monitor and inspect these shipments of various commodities into our Nation. The issue of agricultural pests is something that is truly significant and important for all of us as Americans to make sure that we can protect our for-ests. This may be not something that the average American thinks about very much, but it is something that those of us on the committee and those who are in the affected industries are very acutely aware of the importance of this issue. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, just once again, let me thank the gentleman for his amend-ment. Let me also say that this farm bill, from my perspective, is groundbreaking with what is in the base language with healthy forests, and the series of amendments that we have seen made in order. The people that will vote for this farm bill today are ones that are concerned with too much CO2in the area, because the work that we do as a result of this farm bill, if you are concerned about climate change and you are concerned about CO
2, this is probably the most effective piece of legislation to deal with that in my 10 years serving here in Congress, because, once again, these forests—and I am a little biased. I am from Pennsyl-vania, Penn Wood. We have more trees today than we did when William Penn got the charter. Our healthy forests are our largest carbon sinks. It is the most effective tool that we have to take CO
2out of the air and to deal with any impact that CO
2may have on climate change. So certainly anyone who is concerned about that, talks about that, needs to support this amendment and certainly needs to support the underlying bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 24 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 9204. INTERSTATE TRAFFIC OF UNPASTEURIZED MILK AND MILK PRODUCTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), section 361 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 264), and any regula-tions or other guidance thereunder, a Fed-eral department, agency, or court may not take any action (including any administra-tive, civil, criminal, or other action) that would prohibit, interfere with, regulate, or otherwise restrict the interstate traffic of milk, or a milk product, that is unpasteurized and packaged for direct human consumption, if— (1) such prohibition, interference, regula-tion, or restriction is based on a determina-tion that, solely because such milk or milk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.012 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4218 May 18, 2018 
product is unpasteurized, such milk or milk product is adulterated, misbranded, or other-wise in violation of Federal law; (2) the milk or milk product’s State of ori-gin allows (by law, regulation, or policy) unpasteurized milk or unpasteurized milk products to be distributed for direct human consumption by any means, including any form of retail sale, direct farm to consumer distribution, or cowshare; (3) the milk or milk product is produced, packaged, and moved in compliance with the laws of such State of origin, including any such laws relating to labeling, warning, and packaging requirements; and (4) the milk or milk product is moved from the State of origin with the intent to trans-port the milk or milk product to another State which allows the distribution of unpasteurized milk or unpasteurized milk products for direct human consumption, as described in paragraph (2), irrespective of whether the applicable laws of such other State are identical to the laws of the State of origin. (b) N
OPREEMPTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion preempts any State law. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) The term ‘‘cowshare’’ means an undi-vided interest in a milk-producing animal (such as a cow, goat, sheep, or water buffalo, or a herd of such animals) created by a writ-ten contractual relationship between a con-sumer and a farmer— (A) that includes a legal bill of sale to the consumer for an interest in the animal or dairy herd and a boarding contract under which the consumer boards the animal or dairy herd in which the consumer has an in-terest with the farmer for care and milking; and (B) under which the consumer is entitled to receive a share of milk from the animal or dairy herd. (2) The term ‘‘milk’’ means the lacteal se-cretion, practically free from colostrum, ob-tained by the milking of one or more healthy animals. (3) The term ‘‘milk product’’— (A) means a food product made from milk; and (B) includes low-fat milk, skim milk, cream, half and half, dry milk, nonfat milk, dry cream, condensed or concentrated milk products, cultured or acidified milk or milk products, kefir, eggnog, yogurt, butter, cheese, whey, condensed or dry whey or whey products, ice cream, ice milk, and other fro-zen dairy desserts. (4) The term ‘‘packaged for direct human consumption’’ with respect to milk or milk products— (A) means packaged for the final consumer and intended for human consumption; and (B) does not apply if the milk or milk prod-ucts are packaged for additional processing, including pasteurization, before being con-sumed by humans. (5) The term ‘‘pasteurized’’ means the proc-ess of— (A) heating milk or milk products to the applicable temperature specified in the ta-bles contained in section 1240.61 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act); and (B) holding the milk or milk product con-tinuously at or above that temperature for at least the corresponding specified time in such tables. (6) The term ‘‘unpasteurized’’ means not pasteurized. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I want you to imagine this scenario: a heavily armed Federal SWAT team dressed in black from head to toe with body armor on, guns blazing, military-style assault weapons, extra magazines load-ed, come in intent on crushing all op-position. Now, what crime could they possibly be going after? Is it a human traf-ficking ring? Is it a drug bust? No. They are after an Amish farmer for selling milk straight from the cow. I would like to tell you this is an imaginary scenario, but it has hap-pened and it keeps happening. Unfortu-nately, this isn’t a joke. So what is interesting about this is that Congress has never passed a ban on raw milk, yet the FDA has imposed a ban on raw milk. So what I seek to do today, and my colleagues, with this amendment is to allow States which have legalized raw milk, to allow the interstate transport of that raw milk between two States that have made it legal to sell unpasteurized milk. It is a very commonsense amend-ment. There are millions of people who drink raw milk in this country. They drink it safely. They believe it is much healthier for them than pasteurized milk. The Greatest Generation in our country grew up drinking raw milk that was unpasteurized. Twenty-eight States allow the sale of unpasteurized raw milk. So it is ridiculous for us, I believe, the Federal Government, to go in and keep people from buying raw milk or transporting raw milk across State lines so long as it is legal in those two States. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b0945 Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlemen from Kansas is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Chairman, while many today will debate the role of the Federal Government in regu-lating product sales between two will-ing States, I simply want to make one point: The medical evidence against raw milk, against unpasteurized milk, is clear. There is no denying the link between raw milk consumption and life-threatening foodborne illnesses. According to the CDC, unpasteurized dairy products, otherwise known as raw milk, while consumed by less than 4 percent of the population, account for 96 percent of illnesses from contami-nated dairy products. As a physician who has recently re-tired from obstetrics, what truly touches my heart is that two-thirds of these outbreaks are associated with raw milk consumption involving chil-dren. How any school could allow raw milk inside their walls is nothing short of appalling, and that is why I stand today and ask you to oppose this amendment that would expand the interstate sale of raw milk and would fly in the face of both the FDA and CDC’s best science. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to point out that this amend-ment is a bipartisan amendment. This has been a very partisan debate over a lot of these amendments over the farm bill, and I think it is time that we have something that is supported by both sides of the aisle. This amendment is modeled after a stand-alone bill that has over a dozen cosponsors from both sides of the aisle, and the sponsors of this amendment are Congressman POLIS and Congress-man R
OHRABACHER in addition to me. It is very simple. If you understand federalism, you can understand this bill. It says that, if two States have le-galized the sale of unpasteurized milk, no Federal department, agency, or court may take any action to prohibit or restrict the interstate traffic of milk or milk products between those two States. There are 28 States that have legalized the sale of raw milk. With a debt of over $21 trillion, the Federal Government doesn’t have the time, the money, or the resources to chase down and prosecute peaceful farmers. This is an issue of both per-sonal freedom and smart government. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), a veterinarian who knows more about these foodborne illnesses than I do. Mr. YOHO. Madam Chairman, as a veterinarian, I rise to voice my opposi-tion to the amendment. Madam Chairman, the amendment poses a threat to the health of Ameri-cans. Consumption of raw milk has demonstrated public health risks, as you just heard. The link between raw milk and foodborne illnesses has been well documented in scientific lit-erature for over 100 years. Raw milk is a key vehicle in the transmission of human pathogens, in-cluding E. coli, campylobacter, Lis-teria, tuberculosis, leptospirosis, cryptosporidiosis, brucellosis, cowpox, diptheria, and typhoid fever. You can throw some ascarids in there, too. Since the beginning of time, human-kind has strived to improve surviv-ability and increase human health. In fact, Louis Pasteur, in 1864—1864, over 154 years ago—discovered the benefits of heating milk to kill the microbes that were detrimental to human health, hence the term ‘‘pasteuriza-tion.’’ Nearly two-thirds of all raw milk or raw milk products—cheese, butter, ice cream—and the outbreaks that come from those involve children who are not able to make informed decisions on what to consume. And according to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.003 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4219 May 18, 2018 
CDC, at least one child younger than 5 was involved in 46 percent of the raw milk and raw milk product outbreaks reported between 2007 and 2016. It is obvious and scientifically proven that this amendment would threaten the health and well-being of all Ameri-cans. I am not against raw milk, but if it is your cow, I think you ought to drink it at your house, and it shouldn’t be sold as a healthy product without contaminants. Madam Chair, I encourage my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment. Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Ms. S
TEFANIK ). The gentleman from Kentucky has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, I want to thank the gentleman for mentioning Louis Pasteur and the pasteurization process, because what we have today is pasteurization without representation here in this country. Madam Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ), my friend. Mr. GROTHMAN. Madam Chair, I would like to speak on this amendment and make a few points. Madam Chair, it is true the public health establishment is opposed to this amendment. It is also true, if you look at the amount of allergies out there, the amount of some other diseases that are affecting young kids, to some de-gree, the public health establishment is dropping the ball, and I don’t think we can trust them entirely. In my district, there is a substantial number of people who drink raw milk, and I would say it is tilted strongly to-wards people with a scientific back-ground; chiropractors, nurses, veteri-narians are the ones who feel strongest about drinking raw milk. My final comment is I like to talk to people from foreign countries about the differences between their country and this country. Last year, I talked to a diplomat from Northern Europe and I asked him what the best and worst things about America were. To my sur-prise, he said the worst thing about America is the difficulty in getting unpasteurized cheese and unpasteurized milk. Madam Chair, I thought it was a shame that America, the land of the free—when people come here from Eu-rope, we are supposed to be freer in the United States. A complaint from peo-ple in Europe where you can drink unpasteurized milk, raw milk is that we don’t have those freedoms in Amer-ica. Madam Chair, I think it is a great amendment for people who believe in freedom. And like I said, the people in my district who drink raw milk are the most informed on health issues. Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Kansas has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ). Mr. SCHRADER. Madam Chair, as a veterinarian, I agree with my good friend and colleague, a large animal practitioner from the great State of Florida, T
EDYOHO, that pasteurization is essential to preventing the reemer-gence of some of the most basic foodborne diseases that, unfortunately, we now take for granted in the United States of America. Prior to the advent of pasteurization, tuberculosis, brucellosis, and all the diseases my good friend and colleague alluded to were commonplace. Com-monplace, and this is only over a little over 100 years ago. Milk, which is high in protein, starch, and fat, is an ideal medium for bacterial growth. Within days, if not from original contamination at the dairy, these deadly bacterial diseases develop. Pasteurization is the modest heat treating of milk that keeps these deadly bacteria from growing, thereby improving shelf life and allowing wide-spread distribution of safe, clean, healthy, uncontaminated milk that makes us the envy of the world. It does not denature or impair the nutritional value of this super nutri-tional food source. Indeed, do we all not remember just a few years ago the melamine contamination in China, their milk source? Chinese mothers now feed their babies American milk. One of our most basic duties in the Federal Government is to protect the health of the American people. It would be an unconscionable dereliction of our duty to not allow this amend-ment to go forward. Let’s support the Constitution to protect the health and welfare of the American people. Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, I know Big Milk opposes raw milk. The milk lobby doesn’t like my amendment. In fact, the lactose lobby is very intoler-ant of freedom. But I am here today to take up for consumers and small farmers and States’ rights, and I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this. Reject pasteurization without representation. Vote to allow the interstate transport of raw milk between two States where it is legal. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
ETERSON ), the ranking member of the House Agri-culture Committee, if he has any toler-ance for the issue. Mr. PETERSON. Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this amend-ment. You are 840 times more likely to get a disease or have a problem by drink-ing unpasteurized milk. And 60 percent of the people who are impacted by this are kids under 20 years old who have not bought the milk; their parents bought it. This is not something we should be doing. All of the folks who are involved in this, veterinarians, the CDC, FDA, all of them oppose this. The International Dairy Foods Asso-ciation and the National Milk Pro-ducers, who don’t always agree with each other, both oppose this because they are concerned that, if something happens and people say it is milk, they are not going to know the difference between raw milk or pasteurized milk or whatever it is. This is not a good situation for main-taining our markets in the dairy prod-uct area. Madam Chair, I ask my col-leagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Chair, ac-cording to a veterinarian well known to me, he has claimed that drinking raw milk is akin to drinking water out of a cow hoof print in the dirt. Madam Chair, I want to encourage folks to vote against this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . COSTELLO  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
After section 11201, insert the following (and make such conforming changes as may be necessary): 
SEC. lll. STATE BEGINNING FARMER AND RANCHER COORDINATOR. 
Section 226 of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6934) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(i) S
TATE BEGINNING FARMER AND RANCH -
ERCOORDINATOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall des-ignate a State beginning farmer and rancher coordinator from among existing employees of the Farm Service Agency, the Natural Re-sources Conservation Service, the Risk Man-agement Agency, the Rural Business-Cooper-ative Service, and the Rural Utilities Serv-ice. ‘‘(2) T
RAINING .—The Agency shall coordi-nate the development of a training plan so that each State coordinator shall receive sufficient training to have a general working knowledge of the programs and services available from each agency of the Depart-ment to assist beginning farmers and ranch-ers and be familiar with issues relating to beginning farmers and ranchers. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The coordinator shall— ‘‘(A) coordinate technical assistance at the State level to help beginning farmers and ranchers gain access to programs of the De-partment; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.016 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4220 May 18, 2018 
‘‘(B) work with outreach coordinators in the State offices of the Farm Service Agen-cy, the Natural Resources Conservation Service, the Risk Management Agency, the Rural Business-Cooperative Service, and the Rural Utilities Service to ensure appropriate information about technical assistance is available at outreach events and activities; and ‘‘(C) work with the Office of Partnerships and Public Engagement and regional, state, and local offices of the Department to facili-tate partnerships and joint outreach efforts with State regional, state, and local organi-zations and key stakeholders serving begin-ning farmers and ranchers through contracts and cooperative agreements.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Chair, we all care a great deal about supporting the next genera-tion of farmers, and my amendment would expedite the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s loan application process for young farmers who are in the proc-ess of securing farmland, providing funding for the farmers market pro-motion and local food promotion pro-gram, and also extend the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Pro-gram, which awards grants to organiza-tions for education and mentoring pur-poses through a competitive grant process. A constituent of mine, Frank Kurylo, the organizer at the Young Farmers Coalition of Southeastern Pennsyl-vania and co-owner of the community- supported Kimberton CSA in my dis-trict, said it best: 
Without support of this amendment, we risk losing our Nation’s future farms and farmers. 100 million acres of U.S. farmland is expected to change ownership in the next 5 years. We need to be able to connect young farmers to the land and provide the re-sources to help make farming a viable option for the next generation. The Young and Be-ginning Farmers Act is critical to reaching these goals and reconnecting people to a food system built around the sustainable prin-ciples that drive our access to healthy food. 
Madam Chair, I would like to thank the chairman for his support, encour-age my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. PETERSON. Madam Chair, this is maybe not a bad idea, but I just want to point out that the Secretary can al-ready do this. I don’t know exactly why we are doing this, but I guess that is a decision between the authors and the Secretary. They can already do it. The thing that I am little bit con-cerned about is that this might help a little bit with beginning farmers, but, frankly, we are not doing enough in the underlying bill to put the money in there that would actually do some good for beginning farmers and ranchers. That would be more important than naming a coordinator if we don’t have enough money to do what we want to do. I am not going to oppose the amend-ment, but I just want to point out that this is good intentions, but this is something that could be done anyway. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ). Mr. EMMER. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of an amendment that I was pleased to coauthor with my col-league, Representative C
OSTELLO from Pennsylvania. b1000 Our amendment directs the Sec-retary of Agriculture to designate a be-ginning farmer and rancher coordi-nator in each of the 50 States at no cost to the taxpayer. According to the 2017 National Young Farmers survey, a lack of familiarity with Federal pro-grams was among the top reasons young farmers don’t access those pro-grams. At a time when there are six times as many farmers over the age of 65 as there are under the age of 35, now more than ever, we need to help grow the next generation of farmers. Minneso-tans who farm have made our State a top producer for sugar, beets, and tur-keys. Meanwhile, in my colleague’s home State of Pennsylvania, dairy and mush-rooms top the list. Each State is dif-ferent, and so are the challenges facing their farmers. Having a State-specific coordinator will ensure outreach ef-forts that are tailored to every State’s need. The Costello amendment is supported by the National Young Farmers Coali-tion as well. I thank the chairman for his work on the farm bill and his sup-port of this amendment, and urge my colleagues to do the same. Support America’s young farmers by supporting this amendment. Mr. PETERSON. Madam Chair, I have no further speakers or discussion, so I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Madam Chairwoman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I just want to thank my colleague and friend from Pennsyl-vania for this amendment. Yes, the USDA has existing authority, but I think this expresses the intent of Con-gress and our recognition that one of the biggest issues that we face in the agriculture industry—which is the number one industry in Pennsylvania, one out of every seven jobs comes di-rectly or indirectly from agriculture— it is our succession planning. It is where is the next generation of farmer coming from? Congress recognizes the need of having this type of leadership designated so that there is somebody on point overseeing, and pointing, and administering the young and beginning farmer programs that we have put in place for the past couple of farm bills. It is actually a crisis, given the aver-age age of farmers across this Nation. And I appreciate the fact that we are going to help to certainly further ex-press the intent of this Congress on the importance of this, and provide a direc-tion so that resources can be adminis-tered to meet this need. I appreciate the gentleman’s effort. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I want to thank my leg-islative aide, Andrew Furman, for his work on this. I encourage all of my col-leagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COS-
TELLO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MRS . NOEM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 115–679. Mrs. NOEM. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 605, strike lines 16 through 21 and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 11203. OFFICE OF TRIBAL RELATIONS. 
Section 309 of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform and Department of Agriculture Reor-ganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6921) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 309. OFFICE OF TRIBAL RELATIONS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall maintain in the Office of Partnerships and Public Engagement established under sec-tion 226B an Office of Tribal Relations, which shall advise the Secretary on policies related to Indian tribes and carry out such other functions as the Secretary considers appro-priate. ‘‘(b) N
EWBEGINNINGS INITIATIVE .—Not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018, the Secretary shall establish, in con-sultation with the Office of Tribal Relations, an initiative (to be known as the ‘New Begin-nings Initiative’) under which the Secretary shall provide funds to a land-grant college or university in an amount equal to the amount of funds such land-grant college or univer-sity expends for providing educational pro-grams and services for, or tuition paid with respect to, Indians (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) at such land-grant college or university.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from South Dakota. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.004 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4221 May 18, 2018 
Mrs. NOEM. Madam Chair, many States in which agriculture is impor-tant are also home to Native Ameri-cans Tribes. South Dakota, for exam-ple, has nine federally recognized Tribes. Many of these communities are poor. They lack basic services and have high rates of unemployment. No one suffers from these conditions more than the youth: the children, high school students, and hopeful col-lege students who live there. That is why it is so important to ensure that native youth have the opportunity to obtain a higher education; to attend college; and that they are given the tools that they need to succeed. So my amendment is designed to work in concert with programs that as-sist native students, like the Wokini Initiative. It was designed by my alma mater, South Dakota State University. In the Lakota language, Wokini means ‘‘new beginnings.’’ It is the title of the program that this amendment estab-lishes. This amendment simply author-izes USDA to match funds spent by land-grant universities on efforts to help native students succeed and ulti-mately graduate. Madam Chairwoman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I am going to claim the time in opposition so that I can support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Chairman, this ini-tiative is incredibly important. We have huge challenges in the Great Plains region. Our Tribes are stressed and impoverished more than any other Tribes in the Nation. Many times, those youth struggle with hopeless-ness, a lack of belief in a strong future and opportunities that they have. I want to thank our ranking member for supporting the amendment. It is in-credibly important that we offer oppor-tunities to those Tribal youth and give them the chance to go on to post sec-ondary education opportunities. Mr. Chair, I would like to use the bal-ance of my time that I have here today to speak about my strong support for this farm bill that we have on the floor. While not everybody farms, ev-erybody eats. And whenever I talk about agriculture to other people that don’t have it in their district or in their region, I talk about how this farm bill is a national security issue. You see, when we grow our own food in this country, we control our own fu-ture. If we rely on another country to feed us, then they control us. And as we do business and trade with other countries, we create a much friendlier environment and neighborhood world-wide because we are doing business with those countries. We decided years ago in this country that we wanted to have an affordable and a safe food supply. And today, we have the safest food supply in the en-tire world because this country has a farm bill—a farm bill that provides safety nets for our farmers and ranch-ers that are out there taking highly le-veraged risks each and every year to put a crop in the ground and to harvest that and to feed this country and the world. So maintaining control of our food supply—and the world’s most afford-able and abundant food supply at that—is essential. Because once we de-pend on another Nation to feed us, then they will continue to control us. So this is about having a safety net and making sure that every single family in this country has affordable and safe food. We do this in this bill by maintaining a strong crop insurance program. We remain committed to strong livestock disaster programs which were essential in making sure that South Dakota ranchers could recover from that dev-astating Winter Storm Atlas that killed tens of thousands of cattle that we experienced. It helped them rebuild, and it helped them continue to grow beef in our country. Commodity programs are improved in this bill as well. I am proud that the language I drafted was included to make these programs work better for the future. We also increase invest-ment in farm country. We dedicate re-sources for rural broadband develop-ment. We do this while also investing in essential research opportunities, and continue to drive innovation. As a lifelong farmer and rancher, I understand the uncertainty our farm-ers face every day. In fact, across the country and across my home State of South Dakota, farm income in the last several years has dropped over 50 per-cent. I know how highly leveraged farmers are, and how important it is that we manage that risk. We can’t control all of the risk fac-tors that these families face. Hail storms and droughts will strike, but we can make sure that our policies that we write here today enable them to ful-fill our own nutrition needs while also feeding the world. So I want to urge my colleagues to support this bill, to support this amendment, and make sure that we continue to provide the food that feeds the world. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . ROSKAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 28 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XI, add the following (and make such conforming changes as may be necessary): SEC. 11613. EXTENDING PROHIBITION ON ANIMAL FIGHTING TO THE TERRITORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 26 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2156) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (3), it’’ and inserting ‘‘It’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3); (2) by striking subsection (d); and (3) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), and (j) as subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), and (i), respectively. (b) U
SE OF POSTAL SERVICE OR OTHER  I
NTERSTATE INSTRUMENTALITIES .—Section 26(c) of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2156(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘(e)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(d)’’. (c) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES .—Subsection (i) of section 26 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2156), as redesignated by section 2(3), is amended by striking ‘‘(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘(d)’’. (d) E
NFORCEMENT OF ANIMAL FIGHTING PRO-
HIBITIONS .—Section 49(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘(d)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chair, I will yield myself 30 seconds because I have got to watch this clock sort of tight. So here is the situation: Animal fighting is inappropriate and wrong no matter where it happens. It is against the law in the continental United States, and, I should say, in all 50 States, and what we are proposing is to make that a standard in the territories as well. There are some elements of animal fighting that is illegal in territories, but not altogether. This has been a long journey. It is a 40-year journey in this country. It reached a crescendo about 10 years ago when a standard was created in all 50 States. What this amendment does, Mr. Chairman, is very simple: it proposes to do the same thing in the territories. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I am thankful for the opportunity to express my strong opposition to the amend-ment. It is deeply unfair to the United States Territories and contrary to the original intent of the Federal law in question: the Animal Welfare Act amendment, under which States have always been defined to include the ter-ritories. First, the characterization of this amendment is closing a loophole and bringing the territories in with the States is highly misleading. The Ani-mal Welfare Act adequately addresses interstate and foreign commerce of fowl for gaming purposes. The intent of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.022 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4222 May 18, 2018 
the Federal law in this area has always been to aid States and other local law enforcement in jurisdictions where gamefowl events are illegal, and to pro-hibit the transport of animals from areas where they are, in fact, allowed. The reason that there is a ban in all 50 States is not because of Federal law, but because of States’ laws, and those States have banned them in their States. So for the Federal Government to impose that on the territories at this time, I believe, is deeply unfair. This is a highly regulated, cultural, and historic activity in the territories. Let’s not forget that the real author of this bill is The Humane Society which—when the Federal Government gets into this—becomes a slippery slope, as The Humane Society also wants to ban sporting activities or hunting activities in which animals hunt another animal. Is the gentleman from Illinois going to then offer an amendment to stop dogs who assist hu-mans in looking for ducks and in other places? No. But all of the territories’ Delegates are against this amendment. And for someone from another State to offer an amendment to restrict something in the U.S. territories is deeply unfair. At the last hearing of the committee in which this issue was addressed, which was nine sessions ago, The Hu-mane Society also testified that legis-lation at State level should be the proper fora to ultimately decide wheth-er fowl gaming is permitted within those State’s borders. And, again, States also meaning territories. I agree, and so should this body. If only they were true to their word—and the gentleman from Illinois agreed with them—and the well-documented legislative history, we wouldn’t be here. And hopefully, we would be talk-ing about much more important mat-ters—matters related to the farm bill, such as SNAP, such as school lunches, such as subsidies to our farmers. Those are the things that should be in this farm bill, not this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I have been involved for 20 years to try and stop the barbaric practice of ani-mal fighting, dogfighting, cock-fighting, and slowly but surely, we have made the point under Federal law. It is a felony crime: to sponsor; exhibit an animal in a fighting venue; to buy, sell, deliver, possess, train animals; or to bring a minor to an animal fight. But this has been long and slow and painful. And I violently disagree with the notion that we should have one set of rules. It is already a felony in Puer-to Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands. We shouldn’t have one set of rules for some territories, and for the rest of the States. At core, this is a barbaric, in-humane practice. The animals are drugged to make them more ferocious. In cockfighting, they are equipped with metal spurs to slash each other— fighting to the death. I am sorry, this Congress has rejected the notion that this is culturally specific. Animal cru-elty has no place in any territory, in any State, in any venue, by any race or ethnic group or cultural tradition. We have gone past that. We heard those ar-guments in some States when we were fighting to achieve these protections. I strongly urge that we continue this 20-year fight to protect animals and protect people from being involved with this horrific activity, and close what is, in fact, a loophole. We should have no separate rules for States, terri-tories, or anywhere under our jurisdic-tion. b1015 The Roskam-Blumenauer amend-ment will fix this and finish a journey that we started 20 years ago. But sadly, because some people think it is accept-able, we are still going to have to fight this battle in the illegal sector as well. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time do I have remain-ing. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands has 21⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I would hope that in the future, Congressman R
OSKAM , the gentleman from Illinois, as well as Mr. B
LUMENAUER would con-sider that no law should be different for the States and the territories, to allow the territories’ people to be treated the same as the States. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ). Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Chairman, I rise to strongly oppose the Roskam amendment which would force a Fed-eral ban on the territories without our consent. I am sure Congressman R
OSKAM  would not want an amendment forced on his constituents without his consent or input. All five members from the territories oppose this amendment, as cockfighting is a culturally significant practice in many of our islands. As importantly, this amendment dic-tates to the territories without any op-portunity for our constituents or their elected representatives to have any say. Guam and other territories have en-acted local laws to regulate cock-fighting. Congress should not force this on more than 4 million Americans. Are you aware we are denied the right of a vote against this amendment on this House floor? So many issues affecting the terri-tories require Congress’ attention: dis-aster recovery, poverty, healthcare, in-frastructure, education, and equal vot-ing rights on this floor. That is what we should be thinking about, and the House should be spending more time addressing these priorities. I was not consulted on this matter, and neither were any of the other rep-resentatives from the territories. This is not fair, Mr. Chairman. This is not fair. Yes, I agree. We should all be treated equally. Then why aren’t the terri-tories allowed to come down on the floor and to vote for final passage? That is the question I want to ask you. Let’s be fair all the way. Mr. Chairman, I ask this sponsor to withdraw this amendment so that we can provide our input and maybe we can work toward an agreement. Other-wise, I urge all Members to oppose the Roskam amendment. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. KNIGHT ). Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman R
OSKAM for his work on this amend-ment. I do speak in favor of amendment No. 14 which strengthens Federal laws against animal fighting and has gar-nered bipartisan support many times over the past two decades. This is something that still happens. It still happens in our country. Just a month ago, over 1,000 birds were collected in a cockfighting raid just in my district in southern California. Forcing two animals to fight to the death is not only a crime problem, it is a moral problem as well. There is strong bipartisan agreement that ani-mal fighting is an inexcusable crime. We should strengthen our laws to pro-tect animals and society from this bar-baric activity which has no place in modern society. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time to close as the member of the committee. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, al-though I don’t like what she is about to say, in courtesy, I yield 1 minute to the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N). Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chair-man for yielding. We would never have had this debate if we had had an opportunity to have a public hearing on the issue. So I oppose this amendment because this is more Federal regulation for the territories. Cockfighting is already a highly reg-ulated industry in Puerto Rico. Origi-nally regulated in 1933, then in 2007. We actually have offices regulating this issue that creates an $18 million indus-try on our island with 27,000 direct and indirect jobs. Already the farm bill per-mits that cockfighting will be prohib-ited in the States and interstate com-merce, but can be legal if the State or the territory authorizes and regulates the event. That is the situation with the terri-tories; we regulate the event. Actually, this proposed legislation will cause a highly regulated industry to go under-ground and go to the streets where there is no control at all. Our constituents were never heard on this issue, and we are looking for that opportunity. I do believe that we are not having the opportunity to be treat-ed equally. That is the reason I oppose this amendment, and we should have at least a public hearing on this issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.024 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4223 May 18, 2018 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, once again, you have heard the opposition to this at this time. The characterization that it is clos-ing a loophole, as I said, is misleading. I think it is important to understand what is going to happen if this is, in fact, made law, that this will drive this underground, and it will criminalize what has happened. Many individuals will become criminals at engaging in this activity. If individuals are truly concerned with the territories, I would ask them to cosponsor legislation that helps peo-ple in the Virgin Islands and allows them to be treated fairly and not to be cruel to us with the cap on Medicaid. I would ask that they would cospon-sor much of the legislation that many of the delegates have offered up to sup-port the people who live in the Virgin Islands as well. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, this is a heartfelt issue obviously, but we are talking about rough stuff. We are talk-ing about stuff that attracts gangs. We are talking about stuff that attracts drug trafficking. We are talking about stuff that attracts violence. We are talking about things that you would be ashamed to bring a child to. We are talking about things that if it were to happen in the well of this Chamber, many of us would look away because we would be shocked at the gratuitous violence. To characterize this as a cultural norm that we should just walk away from is a misrepresentation, in my view. It is not persuasive to me. It is wrong. It is wrong if it happens in the 50 States, it is wrong if it happens in the territories, and we ought not be complicit in it. The notion that this is going to drive this activity underground is a hack-neyed old argument. We heard that be-fore as it relates to the 50 States. That wasn’t persuasive. We know what this activity is. We ought not be complicit in it. Mr. Chairman, we should pass this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
OF LOUISIANA  
The Acting Chair. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 29 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of subtitle F of title XI, insert the following: 
SEC. 116ll. CONSIDERATION OF THE TOTALITY OF CONSERVATION MEASURES. 
Section 7(b)(3) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(b)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) In determining whether a Federal agency action is likely to jeopardize the con-tinued existence of any endangered species or threatened species or result in the de-struction or adverse modification of the crit-ical habitat of a species, the Secretary shall consider the offsetting effects of all avoid-ance, minimization, and other species-pro-tection or conservation measures that are al-ready in place or proposed to be imple-mented as part of the action, including the development, improvement, protection, or management of species habitat whether or not it is designated as critical habitat of such species.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, the Endangered Species Act, or ESA, as we call it, imposes numerous burdensome and duplicative regula-tions on America’s hardworking farm-ers and ranchers. This adversely im-pacts their ability to provide food not only to America, but, of course, to peo-ple all around the world. We all know that activist groups are employing sue-and-settle tactics to further their ideological agenda to in-crease the number of species listed under the ESA. As the ESA list grows, however, farmers and ranchers are forced to shift their primary focus from food production—which we all need them to focus on—to navigate and comply with bureaucratic hurdles threatening their very livelihoods. My amendment would require the Secretary to consider the totality of conservation measures already in place when determining whether a potential Federal action will jeopardize species or habitat loss. Our Nation’s farmers and ranchers already opt to participate in conservation programs. They do so voluntarily. They implement protec-tions and mitigation factors on their land, and they do everything they can to protect habitat and wildlife. Our agricultural community proactively promotes conservation measures, and they seek guidance from the USDA on best practices. But the ESA has expanded far beyond the origi-nal intent of the law, and it has be-come a serious problem. The time has come for us in this Con-gress to modernize the ESA, which will ease the difficulties farmers and ranch-ers face when bearing the brunt of undue burdens placed on agriculture. To that end, my amendment to H.R. 2 takes a holistic approach to protecting species and preserving habitats, ulti-mately helping America’s farmers and ranchers go back to doing what they do best, and that is providing a safe, sus-tainable food source for our Nation. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. It is a matter of fairness and common sense. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amend-ment that is being offered by the gen-tleman. It is unwarranted and under-mines one of the bedrock environ-mental laws, the Endangered Species Act. The first issue at stake is that my colleagues seem to imply that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service does not al-ready have the authority to consider beneficial conservation actions already in place during the section 7 consulta-tion process under the Endangered Spe-cies Act. This is simply not true. The jeopardy analysis already takes into account the beneficial actions that have been implemented when de-termining if a Federal agency’s activi-ties would put a species in danger of extinction. Thus, this part of the amendment is redundant and would only cause uncertainty in the consulta-tion process. But perhaps more problematic is that this amendment includes a require-ment to consider future proposed con-servation measures. The keyword here is proposed. In no way are these pro-posals locked in stone. There would be no way to know if these proposals would be part of the final action. The service always considers con-servation measures. The service con-siders proposed actions where they are reasonably certain to occur. The serv-ice, however, should not include specu-lation about proposed actions in the fu-ture. This amendment lowers the bar for species protection and should be re-jected. Unfortunately for our imperiled wild-life, this amendment is not the only way my colleagues across the aisle are attempting to undermine the Endan-gered Species Act in this farm bill. If this bill becomes law, a person could spray early spring pesticides di-rectly on endangered wildlife in the field, like the whooping crane, for ex-ample, and it would be completely legal even if some were killed. Not to mention, these early spring pesticides are often acutely toxic. Some pesticides are suspected to cause Parkinson’s disease in people, and oth-ers are likely to cause cancerous tu-mors. Imagine the damage, not only to human life, but what it would do to our endangered wildlife. This bill also removes the require-ment under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act for the EPA to consult 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.025 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4224 May 18, 2018 
with expert wildlife agencies on the impact of pesticides to threatened and endangered wildlife. Pesticides have caused the dramatic decline of numerous species of birds, bees, fish, and butterflies. With the very existence of species such as the monarch butterfly and the whooping crane at stake, it is unconscionable to allow the EPA to approve the use of pesticides without properly assessing the effects they have on hundreds of endangered species across the country. I cannot say this strongly or more frequently enough: the ESA does not need to be reformed or modernized to work better. What it needs is congres-sional support. Instead of rolling back critical safeguards and introducing harmful anti-ESA riders like these, Congress should be implementing measures to fully fund the act and pro-tect species and their habitats from permanent extinction. We have a responsibility to be good stewards of our environment and up-hold the strong protections of the ESA. The American people deserve to be able to experience their natural legacy for generations to come. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment offered by my good friend and colleague, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. This good governance and common-sense amendment will reduce costs as-sociated with consultation and allow important projects to move forward while ensuring these actions don’t neg-atively impact species and result in more private contributions that help recover endangered species. In recent years, local landowners showed unprecedented support for less-er prairie chicken conservation and committed approximately 4 million acres and more than $26 million toward these efforts. Unfortunately, current practices do not allow conservation measures that take place outside of designated critical habitat to count in relation to Federal actions. b1030 This arbitrary interpretation results in less conservation efforts for species and stifles private investment that would otherwise be encouraged if the totality of habitat conservation meas-ures underway were allowed to be con-sidered. Last year, Senator J
OHN BARRASSO  pointed out that, of the more than 1,600 species of animals and plants listed on the Endangered Species Act since 1973, only 3 percent have been recovered. That is 3 percent. This is failure by any definition or reason. This amendment encourages vol-untary conservation that will help re-cover threatened and endangered spe-cies. Property owners, States, and local communities should be encouraged to be part of the solution, not pushed aside in favor of Federal micromanage-ment. I applaud Representative JOHNSON for his strong leadership and tireless ef-forts to improve an outdated system that is failing to protect species and failing to consider the totality of con-servation measures underway before moving forward with new Federal ac-tions. I urge adoption of this amendment. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ). Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. J
OHNSON for his work on this amendment. This amendment would require the Secretary to consider measures already in place or proposed to mitigate species or habitat loss when determining whether Federal action is likely to jeopardize existing work taking place. This would help address agriculture’s ongoing concerns with the Endangered Species Act by recognizing the habitat protections and benefits already being provided through USDA conservation program practices that farmers and ranchers implement on their land. Farmers are our best stewards of the land and environment, and I applaud efforts that take into account the good work the ag industry is already doing to prevent habitat and species loss. I urge my colleagues to prevent duplica-tive measures that may compromise conservation progress by voting in sup-port of the Johnson amendment. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, in closing, I have mentioned that this is a matter of fairness and common sense. We need to do right by our farmers and ranchers, and I urge my colleagues to support the amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . 
HOLLINGSWORTH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 30 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In title XI, at the end of subtitle F insert the following: 
SEC. ll. DEPREDATION PERMITS FOR BLACK VULTURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior, in conjunction with the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, may issue depredation permits to livestock farmers, authorizing takings of black vul-tures otherwise prohibited by Federal law to prevent such vultures from taking livestock during the calving season. (b) LIMITED TO AFFECTED STATES OR RE-
GIONS .—The Secretary may issue such per-mits only to livestock farmers in States and regions in which livestock farmers are af-fected by black vultures, as determined by Secretary in conjunction with the Director. (c) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall re-quire, as a condition of such a permit, that the permit holder shall report to the appro-priate enforcement agencies the takings of black vultures under the permit. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I recently had a townhall in a small county, Washington County, Indiana, where a farmer came up to me and ex-plained to me the choice that he had before him: he could lose thousands of dollars of his cattle or pay thousands of dollars in fees because he is unable to kill the black vultures that continue to murder his calves during calving season. This amendment changes that proc-ess and enables him to take proactive nonlethal and lethal steps if the Sec-retary of the Interior deems it worth-while in that region or that State to protect those young calves, to protect his property. I want to make sure that we enable and empower farmers to be able to keep their livestock alive, to be able to keep their property alive. This amendment simply allows the Secretary of the Interior to designate States or designate regions where farmers can take proactive nonlethal and lethal measures to protect their property from black vultures. It is important to note that black vultures are not protected under the Endangered Species Act. Right now they are listed in the least concern cat-egory. But they are protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. All this amendment does is enable them to take proactive measures rath-er than waiting until they have lost thousands of dollars’ worth of calves in taking reactive measures. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, even though I am not sure I am opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I want to raise some issues. We have got problems in a number of different areas, not just with black vul-tures, caused by the Migratory Bird Treaty with Mexico and Canada that we signed in 1973. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.027 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4225 May 18, 2018 
Apparently, black birds are sacred in Mexico. Because of that, we are in this situation. That is why you need this bill. It eliminated crow hunting for a while, until we were able to define it in the States. It says in the treaty that if they are about to do damage, then you can take them. So, in Minnesota, we passed a law that says that crows are always about to do damage so that we could have a season. I have still got a big problem with cormorants. We can get depredation permits for cormorants, but it is not adequate. We had a hunting season that we got through here. We got the Fish and Wildlife Service to supposedly do this, and then they screwed it up. So we have got cormorants out there eat-ing fish in my neck of the woods and other places causing a big problem. I have got wolves, which is a little bit different situation, but that is the Endangered Species Act, in which it was claimed there was no problem with. Well, I can tell you, there is a problem with the Endangered Species Act in terms of wolves. We need to fix that. Four different times I have been promised to get that fixed, and we haven’t been able to do it. I am frustrated with this whole proc-ess. I am going to support your amend-ment, but I would like to get some fur-ther clarity on cormorants and timber wolves, if we could. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chair-man, I appreciate the gentleman’s sup-port. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ). Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I rise this morning to support the Hol-lingsworth amendment, which would allow the Secretary of the Interior to issue depredation permits to livestock farmers authorizing the taking of black vultures during calving season. Currently, the black vulture is pro-tected under the Migratory Bird Trea-ty Act. I don’t know why they are all migrating to my district, and that is where they all live and they are not leaving. The current permit process doesn’t provide farmers the flexibility they need to adequately protect calves from black vulture attacks. By allowing the Secretary of the Interior to work with Fish and Wildlife to issue State or re-gionwide depredation orders, we will provide farmers with the ability to pro-tect their livelihood. This isn’t just about giving farmers flexibility; it is also about being hu-mane. If you have ever seen a black vulture attack calves, that is not something you want to see more than once. It is time we give our cattle farmers the authority to legally handle this dire situation. I want to point out that the ranking member’s comments are very relevant to me, as well, with cormorants. We have a big problem with cormorants, as well, in my district. So, certainly, we need to be taking these issues into con-sideration. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), chairman of the committee. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I rep-resent a lot of cattle ranchers, but also represent folks who raise sheep and goats. Black vultures are a big pred-ator during kidding season. When these small lambs and young kid goats are on the ground, they are susceptible to the same type of trauma that the calves go through when they are being eaten alive by these vultures. Moving this gentleman’s amendment may be a step in the right direction. I also share my ranking member’s comments about timber wolves and other endangered species that are prey on the lands. That needs to be exam-ined, as well. I would be happy to work with him on that issue. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chair, I would submit to Mr. C
RAWFORD that perhaps those black vultures moved in because of the great representation he provides to all of his constituents. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
ESJARLAIS ). Mr. D
ESJARLAIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the amendment of Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH of Indiana on this issue. In short, the amendment would allow the Secretary of the Interior to issue depredation permits to livestock farm-ers authorizing the taking of black vul-tures. This is an issue that has been brought to my attention by farmers across the entire Southeast, as well, who have all witnessed black vultures prey on and kill their livestock. Unfor-tunately, because black vultures are protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, farmers are left with little or no recourse of action. After years of frustration, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service began issuing depredation permits as part of a pilot program to try to address this short-age. While this has worked well in my State, it is clear that our farmers and ranchers need a more permanent fix to this ongoing problem. Black vulture attacks on various livestock have already led to signifi-cant economic losses for many, and I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this commonsense amendment. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chair, in closing, again, I think this amendment is very common sense and very focused on exactly what I hear from Hoosier farmers back home, what I have heard from farmers all the way across the country, which is they want to take the proactive measures to protect these calves, to protect other live-stock, to protect their property, and also to save them from the horrific death caused by black vultures. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. HOLLINGS -
WORTH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . BANKS OF  
INDIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 31 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 11613. WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES RULE. 
The final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’, published on June 29, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 37054), is repealed, and any reg-ulation or policy revised under, or otherwise affected as a result of, that rule shall be ap-plied as if that rule had not been issued. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
ANKS ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would fully repeal the poster child of govern-ment overreach from the Obama ad-ministration, the 2015 waters of the United States rule. This rule gave unelected bureaucrats at the EPA the power to broadly inter-pret what is a navigable waterway and has led to mass confusion for farmers in my district and across the country. The Obama-era WOTUS rule, which has been delayed thanks to the Trump administration, is confusing, over-reaching, and broad. Under this rule, a navigable waterway could be inter-preted in such a way that even a puddle in a farm’s drainage ditch could be sub-jected to Federal regulation. Mr. Chairman, it is vitally important that the definition of a navigable wa-terway be carefully and clearly deter-mined. The encroachment of the Fed-eral Government upon farmers and landowners has been severe. We in Congress have a responsibility to call a spade a spade and remove this onerous regulation and go back to the drawing board with input from all stakeholders. Mr. Chairman, unelected bureaucrats sitting behind a desk in Washington should not implement these over-reaching Federal regulations on local farmers in northeast Indiana. Congress should work together with local and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.031 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4226 May 18, 2018 
State officials and experts to deter-mine an appropriate solution and re-move the detrimental and excessive ap-proach attempted by the Obama ad-ministration. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the Banks amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. Congress has a long history in sup-porting the Clean Water Act. In 1972, Congress overrode President Nixon’s veto of the Clean Water Act, dem-onstrating bipartisan support for the Federal regulation of our Nation’s water. The measure was very clear: human health would no longer take a backseat to big business. Now, more than 45 years later, we are again voting to overturn the Clean Water Protection rule, a rule that, for the first time in over a decade, pro-vides clarity for regulated parties and protection for our Nation’s rivers and waters. What message are we sending today? Clearly, we are telling the American people that what water they have left isn’t worth protecting. Mr. Chairman, when developing the Clean Water Protection rule, the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers went to unprecedented lengths to engage with stakeholders, including ranchers, farm-ers, and municipalities. They held over 400 stakeholder meetings on the rule and reviewed approximately 1 million public comments to the rule. It is evident that EPA and the Corps wholeheartedly considered these com-ments and concerns because many of the Clean Water rule’s reforms benefit industry, agriculture, and municipali-ties. These reforms include limiting permits for ditches and municipal storm water sewers, and codified ex-emptions for certain agricultural, con-struction, and mining activities. Let us not forget that the farmers and developers, alike, call the Clean Water Act’s current regulatory process ‘‘ad hoc,’’ ‘‘inconsistent,’’ and ‘‘cost-ly.’’ The rule we are attempting to over-turn would keep the old, confusing reg-ulations in place permanently. The same groups that asked for this rule and actually benefited from the rule are now asking us to do away with the rule. The only thing I can surmise is that those who oppose the rule would oppose any rulemaking that did not dras-tically limit the application of the Clean Water Act; or, said in another way, these groups are simply opposed to the Clean Water Act entirely. b1045 In my State of California, 99.2 per-cent of the population gets its water from the drinking water systems that rely on water bodies protected by this rule. With numbers like that on the line, intervening now is simply reck-less. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposition to this amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ), the chairman of the Western Caucus, who has been instrumental in developing this amendment. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment offered by my good friend and colleague, Mr. B
ANKS . The previous administration’s Waters of the U.S. rule, commonly referred to as WOTUS, attempted to assert Clean Water Act jurisdiction over nearly all areas with even the slightest connec-tion to water resources, including man-made conveyances. The Obama admin-istration threatened the very liveli-hoods of farmers, ranchers, small busi-nesses, water users, and property own-ers when unilaterally enacting this overreaching water and land grab by executive fiat. Contrary to claims by the Obama ad-ministration, this regulation directly contradicts prior U.S. Supreme Court decisions which imposed limits on the extent of Federal Clean Water Act au-thority. Although the agencies main-tained the rule was narrow and clari-fied the Clean Water Act jurisdiction, it would actually aggressively expand Federal authority under the Clean Water Act while bypassing Congress and creating unnecessary ambiguity. In fact, even the agencies admitted, when announcing the final rule, that WOTUS would expand agency control over 60 percent of our country’s streams and millions of acres of wet-lands that were previously non-juris-dictional. Moreover, the rule was based on in-complete scientific and economic anal-ysis. In recent years, the House has voted at least five different times to block or reduce the damage associated with the Obama WOTUS rule. In Janu-ary 2016, the House and Senate passed legislation blocking WOTUS, utilizing the Congressional Review Act, and put a bill on President Obama’s desk that he subsequently vetoed. WOTUS is a dream-killer for future generations and will result in signifi-cant job losses as well as considerable harm to our economy. Congress must take action today to repeal this fun-damentally flawed mandate once and for all. I applaud Representative B
ANKS  for his strong leadership and tireless efforts to protect the livelihoods of farmers, ranchers, businessmen, and other local stakeholders by repealing this unconstitutional power grab. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this lawful and necessary amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. NOR-
MAN) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms, Gabrielle Cuccia, one of his secretaries. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 The Committee resumed its sitting. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia). The gentlewoman from Cali-fornia is recognized. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, the Banks/Gosar amendment, as a clear threat to a bedrock protection of the American people of the Clean Water Rule. The Clean Water Rule guarantees clean drinking water for 117 million Americans. My constituents rely on the Clean Water Rule, which protects critical waterways like the Chesapeake Bay. By eliminating this rule, we jeop-ardize the streams, headwaters, wet-lands, and other bodies of water sup-porting critical wildlife ecosystems that naturally filter out pollution and provide essential, clean drinking water to a third of our Nation. Mr. Chairman, the farm bill should be a tool for protecting Americans. It must not be used to poison their water. A vote for this amendment is a vote against clean water, and I urge my col-leagues to oppose it. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ), my fel-low freshman colleague and a great de-fender of private property rights. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman from Indiana’s leadership on this amendment, and that of Mr. G
OSAR and others. Since its inception, the 2015 Waters of the U.S. rule has been an unwork-able and unreasonable interpretation of the intent of the Clean Water Act. It was an overreach of an administration wishing to flex its muscles by imposing additional regulations where it had no jurisdiction. We are regulating things like back-yard ditches and mud puddles, which we have a lot of in Louisiana. The ab-surdity of this rule has been evidenced by the back-and-forth legal battles that have ensued in the courts, most recently this past January in National Association of Manufacturers v. De-partment of Defense. The Supreme Court’s opinion in that case has thrown some industries into chaos, as uncer-tainty once again looms. Congress has the capability to pro-vide a permanent statutory answer on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.034 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4227 May 18, 2018 
the merits of the rule, once and for all, by nullifying the rule in its entirety. The Waters of the U.S. rule is bad for America’s farmers, bad for American energy, and bad for America’s builders. My friend calls it the poster child of government overreach, and I could not agree more. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this amendment. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have remain-ing. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California has 1
1⁄2minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Indiana has 30 seconds remaining. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
ETERSON ). Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I rise to support this repeal. Mr. Chair, I just want to caution peo-ple that I am worried about us getting this through the Senate. I spent a lot of time trying to work this thing be-fore, had a number of meetings with Gina McCarthy. The underlying prob-lem with this is that we have four dif-ferent agencies that have jurisdiction over what a wetland is. We passed in 1985 the wetland, the swampbuster bill in the farm bill. We still, to this day, cannot define what a wetland is. And what I am worried about when they do this new regula-tion, which they are probably going to have to do to replace the old one, they are not going to be able to come up with a definition because we haven’t been able to do it in 20-some years. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time for closing. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I just think that, again, we are saying anything Obama did is wrong. I want to continue protecting the waters of the United States for the American people. Mr. Chair, with that, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair-man, in closing, this amendment isn’t just important to farmers; it is impor-tant to all landowners in our country. It is a big step forward in protecting our private property rights. I applaud President Trump for delaying the rule as he had, but this is our opportunity to repeal it once and for all. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. B
ANKS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–679 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 17 by Mr. RUSSELL of Oklahoma. Amendment No. 25 by Mr. M
ASSIE of Kentucky. Amendment No. 28 by Mr. R
OSKAM of Illinois. Amendment No. 31 by Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . RUSSELL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
US-
SELL) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 15- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 54, noes 356, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 200] AYES—54 
Abraham Allen Banks (IN) Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Brat Brooks (AL) Budd Burgess Chabot Curtis DeSantis Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Foxx Gabbard Gaetz Gianforte Gosar Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Issa Johnson (LA) Jones Jordan LoBiondo Love Massie McClintock Mooney (WV) Norman Palmer Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rothfus Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Walker Webster (FL) Woodall Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOES—356 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—17 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Buck Clay Curbelo (FL) Gohmert Labrador Lieu, Ted Norcross Polis Rogers (KY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.036 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4228 May 18, 2018 
Schneider Sewell (AL) Speier Tsongas Walz Yoder 
b1118 Messrs. ESTES of Kansas, WESTERMAN, KELLY of Mississippi, ROYCE, and STEWART changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. BROOKS of Alabama, POE of Texas, GIANFORTE, GRAVES of Lou-isiana, and ABRAHAM changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 79, noes 331, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 201] AYES—79 
Amash Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Biggs Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Brat Brooks (AL) Budd Cheney Comer Cramer Culberson Curtis Davidson DeSantis Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Gabbard Gaetz Garrett Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harris Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Huffman Huizenga Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Jones Jordan Lamborn Lesko Lofgren Loudermilk Marino Massie McClintock McHenry McNerney McSally Meadows Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Palmer Perry Pingree Poe (TX) Posey Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rothfus Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smucker Taylor Tipton Webster (FL) Welch Wittman Woodall Zeldin 
NOES—331 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—17 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Buck Clay Cleaver Curbelo (FL) Gohmert Labrador Lieu, Ted Norcross Polis Rogers (KY) Schneider Speier Tsongas Walz Yoder ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1123 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . ROSKAM  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 359, noes 51, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 202] AYES—359 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.013 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4229 May 18, 2018 
Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lamb Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—51 
Amash Babin Banks (IN) Bass Beatty Butterfield Carson (IN) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Evans Foxx Fudge Goodlatte Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hunter Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kihuen King (IA) LaMalfa Langevin Lee Love Massie Matsui McClintock Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Peterson Poe (TX) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rush Sanford Scott, Austin Sessions Smith (MO) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—17 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Buck Clay Curbelo (FL) Gohmert Labrador Lieu, Ted Norcross Polis Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Schneider Speier Tsongas Walz Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1129 Mses. LEE and MAXINE WATERS of California changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. GALLEGO, Ms. DELAURO, Mr. LEVIN, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-HAM of New Mexico, Messrs. DeSAULNIER, and KEATING changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I inadvertently voted ‘‘no.’’ I meant to be recorded as: ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 202. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chair, during rollcall Vote No. 202 on H.R. 2, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . BANKS OF  
INDIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
ANKS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 238, noes 173, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 203] AYES—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—173 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.010 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4230 May 18, 2018 
NOT VOTING—16 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Buck Clay Curbelo (FL) Gohmert Labrador Lieu, Ted Norcross Polis Rogers (KY) Schneider Speier Tsongas Walz Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1136 Mr. O’HALLERAN changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia) having assumed the chair, Mr. G
IANFORTE , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of ag-ricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 900, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I have a mo-tion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York moves to recommit the bill H.R. 2 to the Committee on Agriculture with instructions to report the same back to the House forth-with, with the following amendment: Page 206, line 16, strike ‘‘$255,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$329,000,000’’. Page 206, line 23, strike ‘‘$200,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$260,000,000’’. Page 207, line 6, strike ‘‘$34,500,000’’ and in-sert ‘‘$44,500,000’’. Page 207, line 13, strike ‘‘$9,000,000’’ and in-sert ‘‘$13,000,000’’. Strike section 4011. Page 331, after line 23, insert the following new subsection: (b) MANDATORY FUNDING .—Chapter 1 of sub-title D of title XXIII of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 950aaa et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2335B. MANDATORY FUNDING. 
‘‘Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(4) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(5) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. Page 332, line 1, strike ‘‘(b)’’ and insert ‘‘(c)’’. Page 333, line 11, strike ‘‘(e)’’ and insert ‘‘(f)’’. Page 334, line 14, strike the close quotation marks and the following period. Page 334, after line 14, insert the following: ‘‘(e) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall use to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. Page 348, line 21, strike the close quotation marks and the following period. Page 348, after line 21, add the following: ‘‘(j) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall use to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(4) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(5) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. Page 411, line 21, strike the close quotation marks and the following period. Page 411, after line 21, add the following: ‘‘(c) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall use to carry out this section $19,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. Page 430, line 4, strike ‘‘and inserting ‘; and’’’ and insert ‘‘and inserting a semi-colon’’. Page 430, strike lines 6 through 9 and insert the following: (iii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(D) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $45,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(F) $45,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(G) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(H) $50,000,000 for fiscal year2023.’’; and Page 436, after line 19, insert the following: (c) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 412(k)(1)(B) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Edu-cation Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632(k)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2014 and each fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018 and $115,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (2) R
ESERVATIONS .—Section 412(k)(1)(C) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632(k)(1)(C)), as amended by subsection (b), is further amended— (A) by striking ‘‘shall reserve not less than’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘shall re-serve— ‘‘(A) not less than’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) of the funds made available under sub-paragraph (B) to carry out the activities specified in paragraphs (1) through (5) of sub-section (b), not less than— ‘‘(i) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(ii) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(iii) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(iv) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(v) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. Page 436, line 20, strike ‘‘(c)’’ and insert ‘‘(d)’’. Page 452, line 4, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. Page 452, strike lines 5 and 6 and insert the following: (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(D) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(F) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(G) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(H) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’; Page 539, after line 11, insert the following: (1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; Page 539, line 12, strike the enumerator and insert ‘‘(2)’’. Page 539, line 16, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 539, strike lines 17 and 18 and insert the following: ‘‘(B) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(C) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(D) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(E) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(F) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’; Page 539, line 19, strike the enumerator and insert ‘‘(3)’’. Page 539, line 20, strike the enumerator and insert ‘‘(4)’’. Page 549, line 20, strike ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and in-sert ‘‘$10,000,000’’. Page 550, line 16, strike ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and in-sert ‘‘$10,000,000’’. Page 602, line 12, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. Page 602, strike lines 13 and 14 and insert the following: (B) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’ (C) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $35,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(vi) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(vii) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(viii) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’; Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the mo-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amend-ment to the bill. If adopted, it will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, we will proceed to final passage, as amended. I offer the motion to recommit on be-half of farmers and rural communities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.017 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4231 May 18, 2018 
who are confronting threats to their livelihood, sadly, that are included within this bill. Mr. Speaker, the communities I rep-resent rely heavily on agriculture. Hudson Valley farmers feed New York and America, they create thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in economic activity, and they preserve the cultural heritage for generations of farmers who have done the same. I was raised in a small town sur-rounded by family farms, and I am proud to say I still live in one today. Agriculture drives the economy of my district. Suffice it to say, I didn’t think I would ever oppose a farm bill. I was proud to be part of the bipartisan team that wrote the last one. That bipar-tisan bill was a huge win for farmers in my part of the world, but this farm bill is very different, and I am disappointed to say that we are following the best farm bill ever for the Hudson Valley with the very worst farm bill ever for the Hudson Valley. It claims to create efficiencies, but really just ends up going after people who need a hand, the ones we are sup-posed to focus on in this bill. One instance is simply the mandate that parents pay their child support or lose their SNAP benefits. Now, that, on its face, sounds like it makes sense: You don’t pay your child support when you have kids, that should be a prob-lem, but this bill goes about it in all the wrong ways and it ends up hurting the very children who rely on that child support, and it would actually end up costing more than it would save us. It also goes after critical trade pro-grams just as millions of our farmers are reeling from a trade war and the re-negotiation of NAFTA. Earlier this week, my Hudson Valley district was slammed by a series of storms, which destroyed acres and acres worth of crops. My office has been inundated with calls from farmers whose very livelihoods are in jeopardy as a result. One farmer named Josh Morgenthau, who runs the famous farm called Fishkill Farms, may have lost $1 mil-lion worth of crops. That is just one farmer in Duchess County. So the very same week when we faced these deadly storms, we are now talk-ing about responding to millions of dol-lars in crop damages without improv-ing the very crop insurance programs that farmers like Josh depend on today, right now. That is a kick in the teeth to the guys I represent. But the problems with this bill don’t stop with crop insurance, as bad as those are. This bill eliminates America’s larg-est conservation program, and that is a killer for rural New York because of growing urban sprawl and the loss of farmland around New York City. In fact, in New York State, we lose 10 times more farmland than we preserve every single year. Now, you don’t need your slide ruler to figure out that is a big problem for us. This bill does too little to help small, diverse family farms like I represent, but it is a huge win for corporate in-dustrial agriculture. It doesn’t add a penny to the very research foundation that is funding local efforts in my part of the world to fight invasive species like the allium leafminer, which threatens the entire onion crop of the black dirt region, one of the Nation’s largest. This is all happening against the backdrop of aging farmers, and that fact threatens the sustainability of the industry. New farmers can’t get access to crop insurance or farmland they need to start a viable business. The land costs too much. These kids are loaded up with student debt. Don’t take my word for it. The Na-tional Young Farmers Coalition ada-mantly opposes the Republican bill. We can’t wait for the next farm bill to fix these problems. The average age of our farmers is going up all the time. It used to be 50; today it is 60 years old, the average farmer. It keeps going in the wrong direction. We should be doing more in this bill to support young and beginning farm-ers and to incentivize careers in agri-culture. I promised my farmers, including my agricultural advisory board, on which Josh Morgenthau and other young farmers sit, that I would fight for them in Washington. In our motion, we provide almost $400 million for the Market Access Pro-gram, Foreign Market Development, and Technical Assistance for Specialty Crop Farms over 5 years. For the scholarships at 1890s institu-tions and Historically Black Colleges that help to prepare our next genera-tion, we provide $95 million, and we fund the Beginning Farmer and Ranch-er Program at $120 million. We provide $80 million for organics research. We commit $140 million to promote farmers markets and local foods, and we invest $125 million in outreach and assistance for socially disadvantaged farmers. For research on specialty crops to ad-vance the fruit, vegetable, flower, and nut growers that contribute the largest portion of our Nation’s farm gate value, we provide $175 million. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, this at-tempt at legislating is a little late. For all of the rhetoric, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have said for over a month now that this bill was so broken they couldn’t fix it. They come tricking trotting in here this afternoon with an amendment of this scope. This would have been a great con-versation to have had in committee, but we spent 5 hours listening to com-plaints that we weren’t amenable to any changes. It would have been handy to have that go through the Rules Committee so we would have had at least over-night to look at what this deal does. To come in here now and pull this procedural trick, which, quite frankly, the minority always does. When we are in the minority, we do it. When you are in the minority, you do it as well, and I oppose the gentleman’s motion. Mr. Speaker, we are at a point in time where it is now time to move for-ward. We have had a relatively com-plicated process, a 600-page bill, 51 amendments made in order, now this attempt to legislate at the last second. But it is about to get real simple. We are about to start putting up red and green votes on the board behind you, Mr. Speaker. And let me tell you what the green votes are for. Green votes will mean you stand with Americans. You stand with those producers out there who are in a terrible circumstance. There has been a 50-percent drop in farm income the last 5 years. Today’s headlines in the USA Today: Farmers being forced to quit as income dies. That is who you will stand for with a green vote. Or a red vote says, no, we want to continue to argue about this. We want to take advantage of what might happen in November because we are going to say ‘‘no’’ to this. We have got SNAP beneficiaries out there who are dependent on this new program we are going to put in place to have their case managers to help them walk through this labyrinth of social networks to try to get them to a job. So you are saying ‘‘no’’ to those guys as well. We are going to say ‘‘no’’ to the men and women who eat our food every sin-gle day. You can love the farm bill or you can hate the farm bill, but it delivers the most effective, affordable, and safest food and fiber supply of any developed Nation in the world. That is a pocketbook issue that comes across this country, and a ‘‘no’’ vote says: Never mind. A ‘‘yes’’ vote today will say we stand with those men and women who buy food every single day; for those paycheck-to-paycheck families whose rent doesn’t change, their car payment doesn’t change. If something happens to them, it comes out of their food budget. Why on Earth would we intentionally try to screw those folks over by raising the cost of food, by not continuing this process and moving forward? Mr. Speaker, this is pretty darn sim-ple. Very darn simple. Either vote with those SNAP recipients whose lives would be better, whose impact will be better, or you vote against them. You will vote with the men and women who suffered through the ter-rible times in the last 5 years, the worst since the Depression, or you vote ‘‘no.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.046 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4232 May 18, 2018 
There is no group of Americans more in tune to what goes on on this floor than the men and women of production agriculture. It is vital to their liveli-hood, vital to their existence, what we do here tonight. And you will hear a lot of rhetoric about those red votes, reasons why they voted ‘‘no’’ on it, but I guarantee you, those farmers and ranchers back home that are watching this clock and watching what happens, they will un-derstand what it means. They will un-derstand that those ‘‘yes’’ votes mean we are going to move this process for-ward. We are going to continue to at-tempt to give them the assurance over the next 5 years what this farm bill will do for them and how they will stay in business, how their bankers will make plans in moving this thing for-ward. Mr. Speaker, we have had 3 years of hard work on this, 114 hearings. We are ready to move this bill forward. I rec-ommend that my folks vote against the last-minute, last-ditch effort to look like they are legislating because they ignored the legislative process for over a month, including in committee, and let’s move this forward. Mr. Speaker, vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment and ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I demand a re-corded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Passage of the bill, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 226, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 204] AYES—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—18 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Buck Clay Curbelo (FL) Gohmert Labrador Lieu, Ted Messer Norcross Polis Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Schneider Speier Tsongas Walz Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1155 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 198, nays 213, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 205] YEAS—198 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.047 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4233 May 18, 2018 
LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—213 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brat Brownley (CA) Budd Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harris Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—17 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Buck Clay Curbelo (FL) Gohmert Labrador Lieu, Ted Norcross Polis Rogers (KY) Schneider Speier Tsongas Valadao Walz Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1203 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. GARRETT changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was not passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, due to a conflict, I unavoidably missed the following votes on May 18. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: 1. On rollcall No. 200, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 2. On rollcall No. 201, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 3. On rollcall No. 202, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 4. On rollcall No. 203, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 5. On rollcall No. 204, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 6. On rollcall No. 205, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
MOTION TO RECONSIDER  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recon-sider. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Ryan of Wisconsin moves to reconsider the vote on passage of H.R. 2 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to reconsider offered by the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. R
YAN). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. To the House, the vote on the motion to re-consider has been postponed. 
f 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, parliamen-tary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Maryland will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, am I not correct that you called for the yeas and nays and that you interrupted the vote while it was in progress? From a par-liamentary perspective, is that the power of the Speaker to interrupt a rollcall vote for the purposes of declar-ing that the vote has been postponed? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair postponed debate under clause 8, rule XX. That was stated from the Chair. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the question on agree-ing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 163, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 80, as follows: 
[Roll No. 206] AYES—183 
Abraham Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Dunn Ellison Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gianforte Gibbs Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jeffries Johnson (LA) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kustoff (TN) LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Perlmutter Pocan Posey Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.021 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4234 May 18, 2018 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Trott Turner Vela Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—163 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barr Barraga´n Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Cohen Comer Connolly Correa Costa Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DelBene Denham DeSantis Dingell Duncan (SC) Emmer Engel Eshoo Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gomez Gottheimer Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hoyer Hudson Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (IL) Kihuen Kilmer Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaHood Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Mast Matsui McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Moulton Napolitano Nolan O’Halleran Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Pingree Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Renacci Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Soto Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Torres Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Wenstrup Wittman Woodall Yoho Young (AK) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—80 
Aderholt Arrington Barton Bass Beatty Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Buck Castro (TX) Clay Clyburn Costello (PA) Curbelo (FL) Delaney Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Espaillat Estes (KS) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Grijalva Higgins (NY) Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Kaptur Keating Khanna Kind King (IA) King (NY) Labrador Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lieu, Ted Loudermilk Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Meeks Moolenaar Moore Neal Newhouse Norcross O’Rourke Pascrell Pelosi Peters Pittenger Polis Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Rice (NY) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Sarbanes Schneider Scott, David Sires Smith (TX) Speier Swalwell (CA) Tsongas Vela´zquez Walker Walz Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder b1223 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, MAY 18, 2018, TO MONDAY, MAY 21, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, May 21, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H. CON. RES. 72 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I be consid-ered as the first sponsor of H. Con. Res. 72, originally introduced by Represent-ative Meehan of Pennsylvania, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and re-questing reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE PARAMUS, NEW JERSEY, COMMUNITY (Mr. GOTTHEIMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for the Paramus community and those who lost their lives in the Route 80 bus accident in Mt. Olive, New Jersey, and to all those who were in-jured. My heart breaks for the 38 fifth grade students and seven adults in-volved in yesterday’s horrific bus acci-dent. On a day when students from East Brook Middle School should have been enjoying their class trip, instead, they experienced every parent’s worst night-mare. As a father, I am praying for every parent, child, teacher, friend, and administrator; and I know I will be hugging my kids extra tight this evening. I join the Paramus community as they come together to support all those affected in this tragedy, espe-cially the family of the student who lost their life and the family of Jen-nifer Williamson, the fifth grade social studies teacher chaperoning the trip, who lost her life. May God rest their souls. Savannah Clark, an East Brook Mid-dle School sixth grader, remembered her teacher saying: She made things really, really fun for us kids, but now she can’t anymore. Mrs. Williamson, your care for our community will never be forgotten. I also want to thank the first re-sponders, doctors, and nurses who re-sponded so quickly to help students, care for the victims, and investigate how such a horrible tragedy could ever have happened. f 
THE ATTACK ON AMERICANS BY PRESIDENT ERDOGAN’S SECU-RITY FORCE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on May 16, 2017, as Turkish President Erdogan visited the Nation’s Capital, his gestapo security forces unleashed a brutal assault on peaceful American demonstrators. Many of them were Ar-menian Americans who were exercising their constitutional right of free speech. As Erdogan looked on, his thugs dem-onstrated their intolerance for free ex-pression and contempt for America. This illegal behavior is absolutely in-tolerable by any security force, espe-cially on U.S. soil against Americans. Fifteen members of the Turkish secu-rity detail were originally charged for this unprovoked attack, but now there are only four. Why? It is clear from video recordings and witness accounts that more than four Turks participated on this assault on free speech. I contacted the Justice Department and asked why charges were dropped against 11 guards, but they refused to give an explanation. The DOJ should not be complicit in Erdogan’s assault on democracy. The DOJ must enforce American law. It must not make back-room deals with want-to-be dictators. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
REFUGIO OIL SPILL (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, this week marks 3 years since the Refugio/ Plains pipeline failure spilled more than 100,000 gallons of crude oil along the Gaviota coast in my district. Black oil slick coated our beaches and marine life, costing over $96 million to clean up and hurting our local economy. That spill occurred 3 years after Con-gress unanimously passed the Pipeline Safety Act of 2011. This law directed PHMSA to update key pipeline safety standards, requiring the installation of automatic and remote control shutoff valves, including leak detection tech-nology. However, nearly 7 years later, 20 of the pipeline safety directives in that legislation have not been enacted. Dur-ing the Plains oil spill, it took opera-tors over 2 hours to find the source of the leak. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.026 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4235 May 18, 2018 
Yesterday I joined Senator F EIN-
STEIN , directing the agency to answer why these requirements have not been implemented to date to ensure we are improving pipeline safety. 
f 
b1230 SANCTUARY STATES (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend the leadership many California elected officials showed this week in coming to Washington, D.C. and sitting down with President Trump to talk about the problems and dangers as a result of actions taken by Sac-ramento Democrats in a sanctuary State and what it has done for the State of California. I commend them for bringing the truth and the clear danger this means for our communities in the State of California, and across the country. One of the leaders in my own district, District Attorney Stacey Montgomery, as well as a friend of mine, Assemblywoman Melissa Mendez, and many others, stepped forward to bring a strong message of how this endangers Californians and sends the wrong sig-nal to those who want to immigrate properly to this country. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate that effort by those lead-ers. 
f 
A BETTER DEAL: INFRASTRUCTURE (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, 1 year ago this June, President Trump announced that it was Infrastructure Week. He de-clared it again last August, and then again in February, when he rolled out a proposal that was about 15 percent the size of what he promised. And this week, well, you won’t be surprised that it is Infrastructure Week again. In a year and a half of the Trump Presidency, we have had four Infra-structure Weeks, but no real infra-structure bill, no solution, and no prob-lem solving. Many of our roads, bridges, pipes, electric lines, railroads, ports and airports need our help. They are crumbling, structurally unsound, or simply out of date. Instead of being bold and proposing a plan like President Eisenhower did, our current President proposed selling off these critical public systems to the highest bidder and sticking local tax-payers with the rest of the bill. That is a bad deal. Democrats have A Better Deal to re-build America by putting our money where our mouth is, investing $1 tril-lion in helping to jump-start 16 million middle class construction jobs. That is a better deal. That is what America de-serves. 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE REPUBLIC OF AZERBAIJAN (Mr. PERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Republic of Azerbaijan. On May 28, 1918, Azerbaijan declared its independence following the Bol-shevik victory in the Russian Revolu-tion of 1917, and the withdrawal of Rus-sian troops from the Caucasian Front during World War I. Just 2 years later, Azerbaijan fell to the Red Army and lost its independence to the Soviet Union. While its initial independence was short, it laid the foundation for the country that exists today. Since ulti-mately gaining its independence in 1991, Azerbaijan has played an increas-ing important role in the region and the world. Azerbaijan is a key military ally to the United States. Its peacekeepers have served alongside American and NATO troops in Kosovo, Iraq, and Af-ghanistan. Today, Azerbaijan has 120 troops in Afghanistan supporting the NATO-led Resolute Support mission there. Azerbaijan also became a leader in the energy sector. Since one of the world’s first oil wells was drilled south of Baku in 1848, Azerbaijan has devel-oped its natural resources and is help-ing to reduce Europe’s reliance on Rus-sian gas through the development of the Trans-Anatolian Pipeline. The Baku Flame Towers, now a glob-al city for the country, pays homage to Azerbaijan’s nickname, ‘‘the land of fire,’’ hailing from the rich deposits of natural gas. The United States is grateful for Azerbaijan’s friendship and we wish its people continued peace and prosperity. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JORDYN RIVERA (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Jordyn Ri-vera, who attended the Route 51 fes-tival in Las Vegas on October 1. Jordyn was looking forward to grad-uating from California State Univer-sity with her bachelor’s degree in healthcare management. She was set to graduate in the spring of 2018. Jordyn was incredibly smart and was even a member of her school’s National Health Education Honor Society. Her parents were always very proud of Jordyn and loved the close bond they had with her. She had a love for Jesus, her family, and country music. She had a gift that allowed her to reach out to others and bring people together. Jordyn’s parents remember her as being personable and adventurous. She was warm, optimistic, and had an in-fectious energy. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Jordyn Rivera’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
CHANGE IN TENNESSEE LAW (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, Tennessee has a law that is about 160 years old. The legislature changed it some, but the Governor needs to sign a bill to do it. It is a law that allows juveniles, be-fore they are convicted, be sent for ‘‘safekeeping’’ in an adult penitentiary or prison. This occurred recently in two cases. The Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights group took one of those cases. A girl was charged with a crime and had a $30,000 bond assigned to her. She couldn’t make that bond and the court sent her to an adult penitentiary where she and one other girl were isolated in a wing of the adult penitentiary for 40 days. The Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights group got an attorney, Josh Spickler, who got the girl’s bond set at a higher figure, but one that they were willing to make to get her out of jail. Juveniles should not be put in adult facilities before they are convicted, and nobody should be put in safe-keeping and put away like that when they don’t need to be, and they can be incarcerated in a juvenile facility. I hope the Governor signs the bill and makes our Tennessee law more cur-rent. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE STABILIZATION OF IRAQ— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–128) The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be print-ed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.058 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4236 May 18, 2018 
stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, is to continue in effect beyond May 22, 2018. Obstacles to the orderly reconstruc-tion of Iraq, the restoration and main-tenance of peace and security in the country, and the development of polit-ical, administrative, and economic in-stitutions in Iraq continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign pol-icy of the United States. Therefore, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 18, 2018. 
f 
PROTECTING OUR NATION’S VETERANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the House Appropria-tions Subcommittee on Military Con-struction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies, I am honored to fight for the veterans in my district and throughout the Nation. In return for their service and sacrifice, we owe them the best medical care that can be provided. I am proud that the House of Rep-resentatives has passed the VA MIS-SION Act to address these critical con-cerns. I commend Chairman R
OE, Ranking Member W
ALZ, and the mem-bers of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee for their work on this issue over the last year. This legislation will provide better community-based care without de-tracting from the outstanding medical services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs medical facilities, such as the Central Texas Veterans Health Care Center in Temple, Texas, in my district. While I believe veterans are best served by the VA, there are also those who live too far from a VA facility, cannot afford a long wait period, or have very specific medical services that are best provided outside the VA system. The VA MISSION Act provides this community-based care option, and it pays for it with discretionary spending, which means Congress has more con-trol, more oversight, and more respon-sibility. The VA MISSION Act includes a pro-vision for a bill I authored, the Vet-erans Transplant Coverage Act, to en-sure that no other American hero is de-nied organ transplant coverage again through the VA. This was inspired by the Nelson fam-ily of Leander, Texas. Mr. N
ELSON , a veteran, required a transplant. His son was a matching live donor. However, the VA would not cover medical costs for the donor, Mr. NELSON ’s son, even though this was a lifesaving transplant for Mr. N
ELSON . I am sorry to say that Mr. N
ELSON had to liquidate almost ev-erything he owned to pay for the med-ical expenses. We could not help Mr. N
ELSON ’s family, but his story inspired me to work towards changing the law. When the VA MISSION Act is en-acted, it will ensure future generations of veterans will have their transplant medical expenses, along with the do-nor’s expenses, covered by the VA. We must do the right thing for our vet-erans who need these lifesaving proce-dures, and I am honored that the VA MISSION Act includes language I wrote to do just that. I want to publicly thank several of my colleagues on the committee: Dr. N
EAL DUNN, Dr. B RAD WENSTRUP , and G
USBILIRAKIS , my neighbor, all of whom championed transplant care for veterans and worked extremely hard to ensure this language was included in the bill. The VA MISSION Act is a step for-ward towards the goal of caring for our veterans. The Senate must pass this legislation, and I urge President Trump to quickly sign it into law. I can think of no better way to celebrate Memorial Day than enact the VA MISSION Act, which will ensure our heroes receive the best medical care available. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b1245 FARM BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) for 30 minutes. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to address you here on the floor of the House of Representatives, and I always appreciate that oppor-tunity. It is a right and a privilege of any Member of Congress to come down here and address you from this floor about whatever issues might be on our minds, and I have a couple of them on my mind here this afternoon, Mr. Speaker. One of them is the circumstance that brought about the loss of the farm bill here on the floor. I come from the Fourth Congres-sional District of Iowa, and I will make the case with anyone in this Congress, out of all 435 districts, that we produce more agricultural products in the Fourth District than any other. There are some folks in the San Joaquin Val-ley who we have an interesting discus-sion with, and I tip my hat to their progress but still stand in defense of the Fourth District of Iowa. The corn we raise, the soybeans we raise, the pork that we produce, the eggs that come out of there, all of that sets the standard for the rest of the country. And I am giving the credit to the producers, the families that raised the farmers that we have today who went off to school and came back with the technology in their brain and de-veloped the technology to bring this kind of crop out of this ground. I have two ears of corn down in my man cave, Mr. Speaker, and they are beside each other on a nail. I would say half the people in this Congress would guess wrong on which was which. One of them is an open-pollinated variety that they used to plant back in 1848, and the other one is a triple-stack hy-brid that came out of the 2015 crop, nei-ther one of them irrigated. God’s rain-fall raised them. That one ear that is just as big as the other one and actually has got more rows around it is the open-pollinated from 1848, and it yielded between 15 and 25 bushels to the acre. Then you look at the 2015 ear. It is roughly the same length, with fewer rows of kernels around it, and that yielded not 15 to 25 bushels, but 232 bushels to the acre, over the scales. That is how far we have come with ag-riculture technology. You can divide your 15 or 20 to 25 bushels into the 230. It is almost 10 times. You might make the argument that we have got 10 times the yield today that we had back when the pio-neers rolled across the prairie in their covered wagons and began to figure out how to bring crops out of this ground. That is an example of what has taken place. We have tractors running around out in the field now. No markers. The markers used to always—there used to be planter wire and cross-checked. Then the markers would mark until we came back around, and you lined up on that mark from the last round so that all the rows were nice and beautiful and parallel and straight. Everybody took pride in having fields where they could look down those rows and see that wonderful crop of corn and soy-beans and other crops coming out of the ground. Now there are not markers on a lot of our planters, and some of the planters are running around with the markers folded up because we are being guided by GPS. That is just some of the tech-nology. We are applying fertilizer differently as the soil types change going across the field. We have got the ability to change and adjust the numbers of corn according to the soil type, too. We are using less fertilizer than we did. We are taking care of the water quality. Lots of good things are coming up out of the ground, and that means food for America and Americans. This farm bill is designed to stabilize our family farm operations so that they can stay in business. It is not good enough just to be in business next year, but to be in business next generation. This is the center and the heart and soul of Amer-ica. This is the American Dream: the family farm on that land looking back through their generations and seeing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.027 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4237 May 18, 2018 
they are the fourth generation, the fifth generation family farm, the sixth, the seventh generation. I stood in a machine shed that has had some pretty good feedlots around it and a lot of good farm ground around it and talked to—well, I guess I saw, because the seventh generation hadn’t quite learned to talk yet, seven genera-tions on the family farm. I have watched them also as they stood there together and held hands and cried as the auctioneer sold off their life’s work, when we didn’t have a program in place that could stabilize their hard work, their smart work, their dedica-tion. Nobody can do this like a family farm can. There is not a corporation that can go out there and hire people and be vertically integrated and some-how get this thing scaled up to the size that they can be more efficient than what is going on right now with our family farms in America because, when it is in your culture, when it is in your blood, you make hay when the Sun shines. In fact, the culture is so strong in my neighborhood, we had a case in court. I was sitting in the courtroom in Sac County a number of years ago, and the lawyers were bickering back and forth and the judge was deliberating and maybe dithering a little bit. My lawyer said: Come on. Let’s get this done. I have got hay down. Well, you have got hay down. We know what that means. You have got to get it back up again before it rains. When the weather is there, you have got to move. And if the Sun goes down and you can still go, you keep going be-cause you are looking at the clouds coming on the horizon. By the way, we have got technology to address that, too. Now we have got the setup with the technology, teamed up with Monsanto and with Google, to put together a corporation that watch-es the weather report and indexes that in and sends a message off to the farm-er’s cellphone in a text that says: You are going to get 1
1⁄2inches of rain to-night, and you have got 6 hours, 7 hours, or 10 or 12 hours to side-dress 20 pounds of nitrogen. That is what your crop needs because we have been monitoring it for these years, and we have calculated the Sun days, the heat units, the humidity, and the growth patterns. This is a sci-entific, now, very sophisticated indus-try. And that is just crop farming. Then you have got the livestock side of this as well. We worked long and hard to put this farm bill together, Mr. Speaker, and all of the hearings that were held on it. The big things that we need to make sure that we sustain and extend are crop insurance, number one, because crop insurance is the number one risk management tool for our producers. If you don’t have an ability to ensure your crop and go to the bank and be able to predict that you have got a rea-sonable chance of at least servicing your loan and paying your input costs and taking a few dollars out to feed the kids, if you can’t do that, the bankers can’t stand with you. So Federal crop insurance is an essential component of our family farm operations. It is not something that they can get along without, because we have seen these markets cycle. We have seen the markets cycle in these ways. For example, January 4, 1980, Jimmy Carter embargoed grain sales to Russia. Excuse me. I am in the modern vernacular. It was the Soviet Union. All the Soviet Union, no U.S. grain goes in there. They were our number one market at the time, so that embargo shut off that market for our producers in the farms all across this country, and we saw the commodities prices on the Chicago Board of Trade go into a tailspin. It nose-dived down into the gutter. To get back out of that and get those markets put back together again didn’t really happen in the way we might an-ticipate. It was not a bounce back. It was a struggle back. We lost family farm after family farm. I watched farm sale after farm sale. I went to those sales. We went in some of those building sites that the family farms were pushed off of. Some of them, the acreage was sold off to somebody that had a little cash, and they came in and tried to fix up the place a little bit and tried to live there. It worked for some. In fact, it worked where I live. But it didn’t work for ev-eryone. Some of them were burned. Some were buried. We did a lot of that. I can drive you around the countryside, Mr. Speaker, and I can point to those places now that you just see as dirt, and I can tell you who lived there, the kids’ names who were there, where they went off to school—maybe Iowa State, University of Iowa, maybe UNI— also, maybe off to the coast some-where. Too many of our children went off to get an education and didn’t look back, and now my neighbors, if they are still neighbors, buy a plane ticket to see their grandchildren. That is the result of what happened when we had the grain embargo in 1980 that was brought to us by Jimmy Carter. We had subsidies that had to be poured into the Midwest in huge amounts. Even today, we would be stunned if I were to say into the Record the amount of money that was put in to try to bail out the disaster that we had in agriculture. And land change prices. CRP came in, in the pick year of 1983; and with that, land prices tumbled down to, I can say, a third of what they were at their peak. When government stepped in and put CRP in place, some of it was for con-servation; and we preserve a significant amount of it in this farm bill. But, Mr. Speaker, the taxpayers paid for some of those farms a couple of different times as a result of what happened with the grain embargo in 1980. Well, today we have a trade cir-cumstance. That trade circumstance started, I believe, not for the negotia-tions of NAFTA, but the tariff that the President put on steel and aluminum— and that was globally—for all countries that were exporting their steel or alu-minum into the United States, a 25 per-cent tariff on it. Then, after 2 or 3 days, the Presi-dent—the Canadians—not as much the Mexicans, but the Mexicans, too—ob-jected to the tariff that went on them. They were negotiating NAFTA. So after 2 or 3 days, the President lifted that tariff off of Canada and Mexico for the countries that are involved in NAFTA. That, I think, was designed to try to get the Canadians to the table on NAFTA. Perhaps that has been useful, and it worked; but we also knew that a tariff on steel and aluminum coming in out of China was going to bring about retaliatory trade moves on the part of the Chinese, and they acted in a pre-dictable fashion. They slapped a tariff on our U.S. ag products going from the United States into China. And so here I am, Mr. Speaker, rep-resenting the Fourth Congressional District of Iowa, all of northwest Iowa, almost all of north-central Iowa, some of northeast Iowa. And when I look at the map that was put out by Bloomberg that showed the counties in America that went Democrat in blue, the counties in America that went Re-publican in red—and that would be, of course, the Trump election—and over the top of that they laid out a focus in, I will say, I believe they were yellow dots, that was the production of soy-beans, the concentration of the produc-tion of soybeans. It is clear that the dead center, the center of the hub of the middle of the bull’s eye, that those tariffs that the Chinese put on soybeans and pork, es-pecially, went right into the Fourth District and right into Iowa. And then it spreads out: Nebraska, Illinois, Indi-ana. We all know what the corn belt looks like. The soybean belt is a little dif-ferent, but that is where most of it is still raised. So we take this hit in our neighborhood, and our producers are holding together pretty well because they understand that our President is a multifaceted, multidimensional trade negotiator. So the trade negotiations that start-ed with NAFTA and the tariff on steel and aluminum that included the Cana-dians and the Mexicans in the begin-ning for 2 or 3 days are part of, also, what has happened with the retaliatory tariffs that the Chinese put on, espe-cially, soybeans and on pork. That brought the South Koreans to the table, too, and they said: Give us some relief on the tariffs on the steel. The South Koreans are the third larg-est exporter of steel to the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.062 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4238 May 18, 2018 
While they were there, they offered up the invitation for—they had it in their pocket, evidently—President Trump to sit down with Kim Jong Un. The President said: Yes, I will do that. Stuck his head in the press room and told the press: I am going to meet with Kim Jong Un. Now, we are pretty confident that that is going to happen in Singapore on June 12. All of this is wrapped up to-gether, Mr. Speaker, and much more besides: national defense, national se-curity, the denuclearization of the en-tire Korean Peninsula. It also plays into the Iranian nuclear agreement that was signed by, I believe, John Kerry, technically, but under the Obama administration. You put this all together, and I have just given a quick snapshot, Mr. Speak-er, on the multiple layers of strategy and negotiations that are part of this President. Meanwhile, the message that is sent overseas to the Chinese, for example, who are putting pressure on the very producers that need to have stability, that need to have their Federal crop in-surance, and those that need to know that we have got an EQIP program and those that need to be able to measure what we are going to do with our CRP program, for example, our conservation programs, all of this is only 20 percent of the overall farm bill, and the other 80 percent goes to nutrition. When I came to this town, there were 19 million people on food stamps; and we called them food stamps then. Nine-teen million. At the peak of the Obama administration, which would be about the seventh year of the Obama admin-istration, those 19 million on food stamps had become 47 million on SNAP; and the cost to the taxpayer grew, of course, proportionally and even faster because of the inflationary aspect of this. So we found ourselves at 2
1⁄2times more people on food stamps than there were when I came to this Congress in 2003. How do we fund that? We are watch-ing our deficits go sky-high: $20 tril-lion, on the way to $21 trillion, in def-icit spending. And where do we get the money to pay the bills that are pushing us into the deficit and running up $20 trillion in national debt? Not deficit spending, Mr. Speaker. Where do we get the money to service the national debt, and where do we get the money to pay the bills as we watch our national debt go up over $20 tril-lion? Well, the primary places are China, Saudi Arabia. About half of this comes from the American people in-vesting in bonds and securities. So we are borrowing money from China to buy people food stamps, and all we ask in this bill is that they work. b1300 Now, why should a farmer work and watch the stability underneath him that is the farm bill, that is the Fed-eral crop insurance piece, that is EQIP, that is a conservation program that has a MAP program on it, the Market Access Program, why should that farm-er be out there sweating—sweating bul-lets sometimes—wondering if he can make it with markets that are 50 per-cent of what they were just a few years ago when other people aren’t working at all? Why should the sweat of the farmer’s brow pay for the food of the person that refuses to work? The American people know this, Mr. Speaker. It is not a complicated thing. If you poll that out there and you ask them, 80 to 90 percent of the American people, they say: Yes, you ought to have to work if you are going to eat. It is Biblical, it is John Smith’s rule, and it is the rule within the culture of the American people. It is just a rule that is hard to get passed here on the floor of the House. We don’t force anybody off of food stamps. We only look at the people that are able-bodied, between the ages of, I believe it is, 18 to 59. I know it is not any older than 59. And we say: If you want to get food stamps, then, fine, we will give them to you, but you have to work 20 hours a week or go to school 20 hours a week, or some com-bination of your own improvement 20 hours a week. Well, 20 hours a week, is that too much to ask, Mr. Speaker, for someone to put in 20 hours a week in order to eat for free all the other hours of the week? I think it is entirely reasonable. And, furthermore, all work has dignity, all work has honor, all work enhances the character and the work ethic of the people doing it. There is no shame in being productive. There is honor in being productive. But 20 hours a week, that is only a day’s work for a farmer that is in the field that is out there planting corn or planting soybeans or harvesting those beans when you see the weather com-ing in, or combining corn in the fall. When you go, you go, and there are a lot that put in 20-hour days, and I know because I keep up with them and so do our crews from time to time. When we have to, you do what you need to do. So, here we are, a bill that has been shot down here on the floor. This is the second time this has happened in the last, I will say, 5 years, a farm bill comes out here to the floor. We just need some Democrats that will support work, and we would have passed this bill here today. But looking at the roster of those that voted ‘‘no,’’ every Democrat voted ‘‘no’’ on this farm bill. And they didn’t vote ‘‘no’’ because they didn’t like what was in on the ag side. They voted ‘‘no’’ because there were work environ-ments on the food stamp side. So when I came to this Congress, there were Democrats here that be-lieved in work, and they would vote ac-cordingly. We had about 53 Blue Dog Democrats, moderate Democrats that wanted to get to a balanced budget, and their agenda was: Let’s cut some spending and let’s raise some taxes. Let’s get to balance. My agenda was: Let’s cut some spending and get to bal-ance, but we can do business. Too many of them were forced to vote for ObamaCare. When they did that, they essentially walked the plank. When they voted for ObamaCare, the American people rose up and voted them out of office and put in conservative Republicans instead. Some of those conservative Repub-licans decided they wanted to leverage this farm bill for a vote on a bill that includes at least two components of amnesty. I am wondering: Where have we gone, America? Where have we gone that we can’t take care of our farmers? Where have we gone that we can’t require a little bit of work to go along with a lot of free food? Where have we gone when we say that 20 hours a week to get free food—when you ask a farmer to work 20 hours a day when the weather let’s him do that, and to suspend his risk management program at least—it is not suspended here, technically. I mean, it goes on. But the message is to spend it, and the doubt hangs out, and they won’t sleep as well tonight, and they won’t have as good a weekend. And the people that are getting food stamps without work, they are prob-ably snickering a little bit. They might be sitting on the couch in their front lawn right now going: You know what, those Republicans aren’t going to be able to make me work, and all those Democrats are going to protect me so I don’t have to work. I regret the direction that this cul-ture and civilization is going if work is so disparaged by one party that we can’t have a tiny little bit of it plugged into a fully funded welfare program that went from 19 million people on food stamps in 2003, on up to 47 million at its peak, and now down around 45 and change, as I recall. Forty-five million people on food stamps. And now, another one of these arguments is: Well, we have to bring in workers from overseas. That is one of the bills that some of the folks that voted against the farm bill today, Mr. Speaker, it’s one of the bills that they want to bring to the floor. It brings in guest workers. Well, actually, initially, it won’t bring them in. It will amnesty the ones that are here. People that are working illegally here, a lot of them, in fact, I will say it with confidence, with utter confidence, most of them operating on somebody else’s Social Security num-ber, guilty of the felony of document fraud, would get a pass to stay in America or do a touchback and come back to America. And, you know, the only ones that would leave to do a touchback and come back are the ones that will be precertified to have a free pass coming back into the United States, 410,000— 410,000 would get that pass in a bill that they want to see come to the floor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.064 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4239 May 18, 2018 
maybe next week. And there is another 40,000 that would go into food proc-essing. So we have not had guest workers come into food processing. That is low- skilled work, as a rule. Now, if you are going to fill the ranks of low-skilled workers, then I suggest that we put Americans to work at that. The high-est unemployment rates, the double- digit unemployment that you look at are the lowest skilled workers, and people say: We don’t have anybody in America that is willing to do the work. Well, why not? This is not that com-plicated an equation. We have be-tween—disagreement here—but nobody thinks there is less than 70 different means-tested Federal welfare programs in this country. Nobody thinks there is less than 70. Some people take that number all the way to 87. But between 70 and 87 means-tested Federal welfare programs exist in this country. Not one person has memorized the names of them yet; let alone, understands how they work, how they interact with each other, how they might motivate or demotivate people that we ought to be asking to go to work. So, what we are doing is we are bribing Americans. We are paying them not to work with welfare programs. And if we didn’t have anybody out there to pay not to work and we didn’t have that labor, then I could maybe understand the argument that some-body 1,500 miles away in a foreign country that doesn’t speak English, that has a 6th grade education and no skills, should be coming into the United States to do some of that work, but that is not the case. We did the chart on this, Mr. Speak-er, and I believe I have introduced it into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD , and it works like this. It is a big pie chart, and it is out on the internet, but there are 326 million Americans, according to the most recent estimate of the U.S. Census Bureau, and out of them, I will ask: What are they doing? Well, there are 153 million of them that are employed. Now, they might be not fully employed, but they are em-ployed. So 153 million of them working. All right. I take those off to the side. Seven million of them, though, are on unemployment, drawing unemploy-ment checks right now, right, just a hair under 7 million. They ought to be going to work. Second one is, there are 46 million Americans who are simply not in the workforce. They have opted not to look for a job, not to work, whatever the reason is. Maybe they are already wealthy enough that they don’t need to work anymore. They could possibly be in school or enhancing their education, but chances are, a whole lot of them are on some of those 70 to 87 different welfare programs that we have. So they are drawing down some com-bination of that. Maybe they are work-ing in the black market for cash some-where, and they don’t show up on the record, 46 million of them. Then there is another 14 million. They are starting to get a little bit older now, but some of them do want to work and can. That is those between the ages of 65 and 74. Walmart hires at 74, unemployment gets paid at 74, so we put that in there to calculate also, Mr. Speaker. And then there are 23 million Ameri-cans on disability. And I can’t believe, when I see double-amputee wounded warriors roll themselves to work every day, that all 23 million of those that are on disability payment, that none of them can work. Some can, and we ought to go back and take another look at them. By the time I add all of this up— there is a couple of other lesser cat-egories there—by the time I add all of this up, there are 107 million Ameri-cans of working age who are simply not in the workforce, and they are in cat-egories that we can hire from every one of those categories. We just can’t hire everyone from any of those categories, but starting with unemployment, then the 46 million, and on down the line. So I say to people: If you need one worker, can you find him out of 107 million? If you need 100 workers, can’t you find them out of 107 million? If you need 1,000 workers, can’t you find them out of 107 million? And, of course, that answer is: Yes, we can. But somehow we have the employ-ment force, or the employer force in America that has convinced themselves that they don’t want the American worker, and they are not willing to come to this Congress and work with us to tighten down this welfare system. This welfare system was created to be a safety net, not a hammock, and be-cause of these additions to the welfare systems, going up to the 70 to 87 of them, and the benefits coming out of there, people that have the safety net has been ratcheted up and up and up till it has become a hammock. We have tens of millions of Americans that are lying in the hammock. They might be the third generation that has not worked. There was a study that was done, Mr. Speaker, in Milwaukee that carved out a 36-square-block residential area of Milwaukee, six blocks by six blocks, and they went in and interviewed each one of those residents in those house-holds. Now, these are people that came up from the Gulf Coast when they lift-ed prohibition in the 1930s to take on the good brewery jobs that were formed in Milwaukee. And, by the way, the GDP of the beer in Wisconsin today is over $7 billion, so it is a huge industry. But they came up to work there three generations ago. The company that went in to survey those, every home in those 36 square blocks, came to this conclusion: There wasn’t a single employed male head of household in any of those homes in 36 square blocks in Milwaukee—third gen-eration. Why not? They moved up there for the jobs. The story lamented that we couldn’t bring jobs to them. I read it and thought: If their grandfathers could move up there for jobs, why can’t they go to where the jobs are? There are plenty of jobs in America. And the reason they can’t is because they are rooted in the home. The home may be paid for or partially paid for, and they have established themselves a comfort zone on a welfare system and supplemented however they need to to get to that place where they are in a comfort place. We don’t need to have policies that encourage that. We don’t need to have people that haven’t worked in three generations. We need to have the in-dustrious can-do American spirit driv-ing an economy and free enterprise and being rewarded for the work they do. I don’t any longer put out any state-ments that say: Hardworking Ameri-cans; hardworking Iowans. There are a lot of hardworking Americans and hardworking Iowans, Mr. Speaker, but it is also important to work smart. I want to see smart working, hard-working people all over this country, and our job needs to be to increase the per capita GDP, the average per capita GDP of our people, and that comes about by starting with work on food stamps and taking that philosophy, make it a success, and move it over into many of the other welfare pro-grams. Another one is: You can take all those welfare programs, the 70 to 87 of them that are there, converge them all into one committee here in Congress, and then start dropping off the ones that aren’t working and measuring them and shake it all down to about five different programs, instead of 70 or 87 of them. Those things will work. We are here today with a farm bill that went down on this floor. It went down because no Democrat supports work. It went down because some Re-publicans wanted to leverage this farm bill in order to get a bill out on the floor to vote on that has within it two components of amnesty. And I oppose amnesty because it de-stroys the rule of law. When Ronald Reagan signed the Amnesty Act in 1986—he only let me down two times in 8 years, and I revere that man in his legacy. But I believed that as the de-bate went on in the House and the Sen-ate, that Ronald Reagan would see with utter principled clarity that if you reward lawbreakers, you are de-stroying the rule of law, and there will be another amnesty and another and another and more people will come for it. And they have, and there have been six minor amnesties since that period of time. But this is the big one sitting here: Amnesty for people that are in America illegally; amnesty for DACA recipients. They say they came here when they were 3 years old; their mother led them across the Rio Grande River. I actually have seen the data. I don’t know of any other Member of Congress, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.065 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4240 May 18, 2018 
I don’t believe, has seen the data. We have been digging it out for months on end, and I think I will soon be able to make it public. Some of them were brought here at 3 years old. Some of them were girls at that age. Some of them, it was their mother. But that doesn’t represent that universe of DACA recipients. And what I do know is, of those large numbers, especially of males that came here illegally, they were 14, 15, 16, and been more years old, that they knew what they were doing and they were re-sponsible for what they were doing. I want to restore the rule of law, pass the farm bill, and I want to get people back to work, and I want to have allies on this floor that support work, wheth-er they are Democrats or Republicans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CORRECTION TO THE CONGRES-SIONAL RECORD OF WEDNES-DAY, MAY 16, 2018 AT PAGE H4137 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. S
ARBANES ): H.R. 5840. A bill to state the policy of the United States with respect to the extended nuclear deterrence posture of the United States in support of NATO and to direct the Secretary of Defense to provide Congress a briefing on such posture; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 35. An act to transfer administrative ju-risdiction over certain Bureau of Land Man-agement land from the Secretary of the Inte-rior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Ceme-tery, and for other purposes. S. 1285. An act to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Con-federated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of In-dians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease or transfer certain lands. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3562. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for ad-aptations of residences of veterans in reha-bilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes. H.R. 4009. An act to authorize the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution to plan, design, and construct a central parking facility on National Zoological Park prop-erty in the District of Columbia. f ADJOURNMENT Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, May 21, 2018, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4911. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Tomatoes Grown in Florida; De-creased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-SC- 17-0051; SC17-966-1 FR] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 4912. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s affir-mation of interim rule as final rule — Or-anges, Grapefruit, Tangerines and Pummelos Grown in Florida and Imported Grapefruit; Change of Size Requirements for Grapefruit [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-17-0063; SC17-905-1 FIR] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4913. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pistachios Grown in California, Ari-zona, and New Mexico; Decreased Assess-ment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-17-0048; SC17- 983-2 FIR] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 4914. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Statement of Purpose for Depart-ment of Defense Acquisition (DFARS Case 2018-D005) [Docket: DARS-2018-0017] (RIN: 0750-AJ69) received April 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4915. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendments to Forms and Schedules to Remove Provi-sion of Certain Personally Identifiable Infor-mation [Release Nos.: 33-10486; 34-83097; IC- 33077] (RIN: 3235-AM37) received May 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 4916. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 73.624(g) of the Commission’s Rules Regarding Submission of FCC Form 2100, Schedule G, Used to Re-port TV Stations’ Ancillary or Supple-mentary Services [MB Docket No.: 17-264]; Modernization of Media Regulation Initia-tive [MB Docket No.: 17-105] received May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4917. A letter from the Division Chief, Com-petition Policy Division, Wireline Competi-tion Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Rural Call Completion [WC Docket No.: 13-39] received May 9, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4918. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Revised Critical Infrastructure Protection Reliability Standard CIP-003-7 — Cyber Secu-rity — Security Management Controls [Docket No.: RM17-11-000] (Order No.: 843) re-ceived May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4919. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Uplift Cost Allocation and Transparency in Markets Operated by Regional Transmission Organizations and Independent System Oper-ators [Docket No.: RM17-2-000, Order No.: 844] received May 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4920. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Nuclear Agency (DNA) Freedom of Information Act Program [Dock-et ID: DOD-2017-OS-0021] (RIN: 0790-AJ62) re-ceived May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4921. A letter from the Program Coordi-nator, Duck Stamp Office, Migratory Bird Program, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Federal Migratory Bird Hunting and Conservation Stamp (Duck Stamp) Contest Regulations [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-MB-2015-0161; FXMB 12330900000//189// FF09M13200] (RIN: 1018-BB23) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4922. A letter from the Chief Administra-tive Counsel, Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, Department of Justice, trans-mitting the Department’s interim final rule — Filing of Claims Under the Guam World War II Loyalty Recognition Act [Docket No.: FCSC 101] received April 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4923. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Straits of Mackinac, Mackinaw City, MI [Docket Number: USCG-2018-0397] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4924. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Volvo Ocean Race Newport; East Passage, Narra-gansett Bay, RI [Docket Number: USCG-2018- 0118] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4925. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.067 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4241 May 18, 2018 
Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Housatonic River, Milford and Stratford, CT [Docket Number: USCG-2018-0304] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4926. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Anchorage Grounds; Galveston Harbor, Bolivar Roads Channel, Galveston, Texas [Docket Number: USCG-2015-0549] (RIN: 1625-AA01) received May 16, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4927. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lake Michigan, Calumet Harbor, Chicago, IL [Docket Number: USCG-2018-0234] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4928. A letter from the SLSDC Chief Coun-sel, Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Tariff of Tolls [Docket No.: SLSDC-2016-0005] (RIN: 2135-AA44) received May 10, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4929. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0769; Product Identifier 2017-NM-054-AD; Amendment 39-19249; AD 2018-07-18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4930. A letter from the SLSDC Chief Coun-sel, Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Seaway Regulations and Rules: Periodic Up-date, Various Categories [Docket No.: SLSDC-2016-0006] (RIN: 2135-AA43) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4931. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0237; Product Identifier 2017-SW-145-AD; Amendment 39-19254; AD 2018-08-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4932. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; DG Flugzeugbau GmbH Gliders [Dock-et No.: FAA-2018-0014; Product Identifier 2017-CE-044-AD; Amendment 39-19253; AD 2018-07-22] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4933. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-1248; Product Identifier 2017-NM-162-AD; Amendment 39-19257; AD 2018-09-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4934. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0305; Product Identifier 2013-NM-226-AD; Amendment 39-19259; AD 2018-09-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4935. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0302; Product Identifier 2013-NM-228-AD; Amendment 39-19258; AD 2018-09-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4936. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rules — Updating the Code of Federal Regulations [Docket No.: EP 746] re-ceived May 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4937. A letter from the Impact Analyst, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Special Monthly Com-pensation for Veterans with Traumatic Brain Injury (RIN: 2900-AP23) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 4938. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Removal of Spe-cial Payments at Age 72 [Docket No.: SSA- 2017-0034] (RIN: 0960-AI16] received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 299. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presump-tions relating to the exposure of certain vet-erans who served in the vicinity of the Re-public of Vietnam, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–680). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 1972. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to waive the requirement of certain veterans to make co-payments for hospital care and medical serv-ices in the case of an error by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–681). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 2147. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire addi-tional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to jus-tice-involved veterans, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–682). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3642. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to improve the access to pri-vate health care for veterans who are sur-vivors of military sexual trauma; with an amendment (Rept. 115–683). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3832. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the ex-ecutive director of a national network of State-based prescription monitoring pro-grams under which Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers shall query such network, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–684). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 4334. A bill to provide for certain reporting requirements relating to medical care for women veterans provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs and through contracts entered into by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs with non-Depart-ment medical providers, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–685). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 4451. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clari-fication regarding eligibility for services under such programs; with an amendment (Rept. 115–686). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 4635. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the number of peer-to-peer counselors providing counseling for women veterans, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–687). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 4958. A bill to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-con-nected disabilities and the rates of depend-ency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–688). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5044. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the treatment of certain surviving spouses under the contracting goals and preferences of the Department of Veterans Affairs (Rept. 115– 689). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5520. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use the authority of the Secretary to conduct and support research on the efficacy and safety of medicinal cannabis, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–690). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4294 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18MY7.000 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4242 May 18, 2018 
referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, and Mrs. N
APOLITANO ): H.R. 8. A bill to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. B
ISHOP  of Utah, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , Mr. C OLE, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C
RAMER , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico): H.R. 5874. A bill to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to improve the recruitment and retention of employees in the Indian Health Service, restore ac-countability in the Indian Health Service, improve health services, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. BORDALLO (for herself, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. S
ABLAN , and Ms. P LASKETT ): H.R. 5875. A bill to amend the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act and the Dingell-Johnson Federal Aid in Sport Fish Restoration Act, to provide parity for United States territories and the District of Colum-bia, to make technical corrections to such Acts and related laws, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 5876. A bill to allow the Secretary of the Treasury to accept public donations to fund the construction of a barrier on the bor-der between the United States and Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 5877. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to allow for the reg-istration of venture exchanges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 5878. A bill to provide for a national strategy to address and overcome Lyme dis-ease and other tick-borne diseases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 5879. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mariners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. AGUILAR (for himself, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ): H.R. 5880. A bill to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to remove certain restrictions on advertising and pub-lic relations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. ROSS, and Mr. K IND): H.R. 5881. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for trans-parency of Medicare secondary payer report-ing information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself and Mr. W
ENSTRUP ): H.R. 5882. A bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. KEATING (for himself and Mr. P
OEof Texas): H.R. 5883. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense, in concurrence with the Secretary of State, to develop and implement a strat-egy for removing unexploded ordnance in Syria and Iraq, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 5884. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to punish unlawful obstruction of the enforcement of the laws of the United States by State officials, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 5885. A bill to reauthorize the Part-ners for Fish and Wildlife Program and cer-tain wildlife conservation funds, to establish prize competitions relating to the prevention of wildlife poaching and trafficking, wildlife conservation, the management of invasive species, and the protection of endangered species, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5886. A bill to apply the Bank Secrecy Act to dealers in art or antiquities; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself and Mr. H
UIZENGA ): H. Res. 904. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the first Tuesday in June as ‘‘National Cancer Survivor Beauty and Support Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: H.R. 8. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to general Welfare of the United States), and Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes). Mr. KING of Iowa. H.R. 5750. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of United States Constitution By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 5874. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 5875. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3, 17, and 18; and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 5876. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution which grants Congress the authority to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 5877. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3 and 18 By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 5878. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 5879. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 5880. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 5881. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 5882. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 12, 13 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 5883. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 5884. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Con-stitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.007 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4243 May 18, 2018 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: H.R. 5885. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5886. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 60: Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 99: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 173: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 392: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 809: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 1150: Mr. D
UFFY and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 1212: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1229: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1377: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 1447: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. L ARSEN of Wash- ington, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 1881: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S CALISE , and Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 2147: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 2234: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 2267: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2358: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. D OGGETT , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. R EICHERT . H.R. 2644: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 3192: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 3395: Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 3440: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 3832: Mr. R
OUZER and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 3976: Mr. B
UDD, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. J ORDAN , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 3990: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 4099: Mr. S
ERRANO and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 4198: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 4327: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4647: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 4775: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 4819: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 4846: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 5060: Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 5105: Ms. B
ASSand Mr. B ACON . H.R. 5121: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. A
BRAHAM , and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 5129: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. L EE, Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 5141: Mr. M
CHENRY , Mr. B LUM, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. U
PTON , Mr. F LORES , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. H
URD, Mrs. L ESKO , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 5244: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 5271: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5294: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5333: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 5340: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. H ILL, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. N ORMAN , and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 5358: Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 5385: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 5517: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5574: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. H OL-
LINGSWORTH . H.R. 5583: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 5603: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. G RIF-
FITH. H.R. 5610: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5620: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 5637: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 5647: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 5659: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 5713: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 5789: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5798: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5801: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5806: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5814: Ms. F
UDGE and Mr. M CEACHIN . H.R. 5838: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5856: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 5861: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H. Res. 220: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 332: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mr. S
OTO. H. Res. 785: Mr. P
OEof Texas and Mr. B
UCSHON . H. Res. 877: Mr. R
USH, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , and Ms. L OFGREN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. SHUSTER  The provisions of H.R. 8, the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2018, that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-fined in clause 9 of House Rule XXI. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS Under clause 2 of rule XV, the fol-lowing discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 11, May 17, 2018, by Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania on House Resolu-tion 873, was signed by the following Mem-bers: Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. McNerney, Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Capuano, Mr. Thompson of California, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Khanna, Ms. Blunt Rochester, Mrs. Dingell, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Neal, Mr. Kind, Ms. Kuster of New Hampshire, Mr. McGovern, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. Sires, Mr. Lewis of Georgia, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Raskin, Mr. Payne, Ms. DeGette, Mr. Loebsack, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Ms. Hanabusa, Ms. Brownley of California, Mr. Kennedy, Ms. Schakowsky, Ms. Esty of Connecticut, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Levin, Ms. Sa´nchez, Ms. Lee, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mrs. Demings, Mrs. Lowey, Mr. DeSaulnier, Mr. Crowley, Mr. Beyer, Mr. Veasey, Mr. Welch, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Ms. DeLauro, Ms. Roybal- Allard, Ms. Clarke of New York, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Meeks, Mr. Rush, Ms. Titus, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mr. Dog-gett, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Ms. Adams, Mr. Nadler, Mr. Engel, Ms. McCollum, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Ms. Lofgren, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Ms. Jayapal, Mr. Peters, Mr. Keating, Ms. Bass, Ms. Matsui, Mr. Lan-gevin, Ms. Shea-Porter, Mr. Ruppersberger, Ms. Gabbard, Ms. DelBene, Ms. Castor of Florida, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Coo-per, Mr. Foster, Mr. Pocan, Mrs. Davis of California, Mr. Moulton, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Has-tings, Mr. Gallego, Mr. Kildee, Mr. Crist, Mr. Panetta, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Takano, and Mr. Blu-menauer. f DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 10 by Mr. CURBELO of Florida on House Resolution 774: Mr. Katko, Mr. Trott, Mr. Polis, Mr. Schneider, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Deutch, Mrs. Dingell, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Clay, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. Clyburn, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Courtney, Ms. Pingree, Mr. McGovern, Mr. Quigley, Mr. Sires, Mr. Delaney, Mr. Thompson of California, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Ted Lieu of California, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Carbajal, Ms. Bonamici, Ms. Fudge, Mr. Lawson of Florida, Mr. Peterson, Mr. Krishnamoorthi, Ms. Lofgren, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Mr. Heck, Ms. DelBene, Mrs. Demings, Mr. Ruppersberger, Ms. Meng, Mr. Cicilline, Ms. Adams, Mr. Butterfield, Ms. Matsui, Ms. Schakowsky, Mr. Takano, Mr. Hastings, Mr. Kilmer, Mr. Pocan, Ms. McCol-lum, Ms. Kuster of New Hampshire, Mr. Lamb, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Ms. Cas-tor of Florida, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Blu-menauer, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Crist, Ms. Hanabusa, Mr. Costa, Mr. Swalwell of Cali-fornia, Mr. Lowenthal, Mr. McEachin, Mr. Ben Ray Luja´n of New Mexico, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Mrs. Napoli-tano, Mr. Espaillat, Ms. Rosen, Mr. O’Halleran, Mrs. Bustos, Ms. Brownley of California, Mr. McNerney, Mr. Peters, Ms. Sinema, Ms. Esty of Connecticut, Mr. Foster, Miss Rice of New York, Mrs. Torres, Mr. Engel, Mr. Norcross, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Mr. Schiff, Ms. Blunt Rochester, Mr. Tonko, Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Mr. Ellison, Mrs. Davis of California, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Vargas, Mr. Soto, Mr. Lipin-ski, Mr. Sherman, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lewis of Georgia, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Mr. Kihuen, Mrs. Lowey, Mrs. Lawrence, Mr. Kil-dee, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Keating, Ms. Roybal- Allard, Mr. Grijalva, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Gutie ´rrez, Mr. Garamendi, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Mr. Nadler, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Ms. Vela´zquez, Mr. Bera, Ms. Titus, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Capuano, Mr. Evans, Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Nolan, Mr. Loebsack, Mr. Serrano, Ms. Barraga´n, Mr. Higgins of New York, Ms. Jackson Lee, Ms. Kaptur, Mr. Himes, Mr. Payne, Ms. Moore, Mr. Aguilar, Ms. Sewell of Alabama, Mr. Correa, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Khanna, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Raskin, Mrs. Murphy of Florida, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Levin, Ms. Sa´nchez, Ms. Lee, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mr. DeSaulnier, Mr. Crowley, Mr. Beyer, Mr. Veasey, Mr. Welch, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Ms. DeLauro, Mr. Meeks, Mr. Rush, Mr. Ca´rdenas, Mr. Dog-gett, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Ms. Jayapal, Ms. Bass, Ms. Shea-Porter, Mr. O’Rourke, Ms. Gabbard, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Moulton, Mr. Schrader, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Mr. Cummings, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Visclosky, Mr. Gallego, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, and Mr. Jeffries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.023 H18MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE681 May 18, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL H.R. McMASTER UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE U.S. ARMY FOLLOWING 34 YEARS OF DISTINGUISHED SERVICE 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a soldier who, for the past 34 years, has been an exceptional and faithful servant to the nation. With the retirement today of Lieutenant General H.R. McMaster, the U.S. Army is losing a towering figure, who more than anyone, embodies what he has described as the ‘‘warrior ethos.’’ As someone who had the good fortune to work with H.R., I can say that serving under his command was one of the great privileges of my life. General McMaster has described the warrior ethos as ‘‘a covenant between the members of our profession comprised of values such as honor, duty, courage, loyalty, and self-sac-rifice.’’ H.R. has lived by this covenant, earn-ing a well-deserved reputation as one of the Army’s pre-eminent soldier-scholars and the honor of serving as the President’s primary advisor on national security issues. Over his more than three decades of distin-guished service, General McMaster stands out for his success in both conventional and irreg-ular conflict. During the Gulf War, his textbook assault at 73 Easting stands as a high-water mark of American conventional superiority. More than a decade later, his early adoption of a population-centric approach to warfare turned the tide in Tal Afar and helped usher in a sea change in the American approach to combating the insurgency in Iraq. General McMaster has also stood out for his steadfast commitment to puncturing what he has called the ‘‘vampire fallacy’’ of easy war. This sensibility is captured by the historian T.R. Fehrenbach, who wrote in This Kind of War, ‘‘you may fly over a land forever; you may bomb it, atomize it, pulverize it and wipe it clean of life—but if you desire to defend it, protect it, and keep it for civilization, you must do this on the ground, the way the Roman le-gions did, by putting your young men into the mud.’’ As H.R. has described, ‘‘Our military is a liv-ing historical community and those of us serv-ing today are determined to preserve the leg-acy of courageous, selfless service that we have inherited from the veterans who have gone before us.’’ There is no one whose leg-acy of courageous and selfless service is more worthy of preservation than General McMaster. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in saluting Lieutenant General H.R. McMaster for his service on behalf of a grateful nation. I thank H.R. for showing us all what it means to live by the warrior ethos. ARMED FORCES DAY HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Armed Forces Day in honor of the brave men and women who have served and who are serving in the United States Armed Forces during times of war and peace. Celebrated annually on the third Saturday of May, Armed Forces Day came into existence on August 31, 1949, when Secretary of De-fense Louis Johnson announced that this sin-gle day would replace the individual celebra-tions for the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force. President Harry Truman led the ef-fort to establish a holiday for citizens to unite and to honor our military heroes for their patri-otic service in support of the United States of America. Armed Forces Day also plays an essential part in educating society and expanding public knowledge of the military and the important role they play in every community. The first of-ficial Armed Forces Day took place on May 20, 1950, and was themed ‘‘Teamed for De-fense.’’ In an excerpt from the Presidential Proclamation of Feb. 27, 1950, President Tru-man stated: ‘‘Armed Forces Day, Saturday, May 20, 1950, marks the first combined demonstration by America’s defense team of its progress, under the National Security Act, toward the goal of readiness for any eventuality. It is the first parade of preparedness by the unified forces of our land, sea, and air defense.’’ Generations of men and women have an-swered the call of a nation in need, and on Armed Forces Day, we are especially mindful of their service, sacrifice, and that of their fam-ilies. I appreciate what communities all over the country do to honor those responsible for our freedom, and I am hopeful we will con-tinue to honor and support our military in all its strength. 
f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2018 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF HENRICO, VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE FIRST ANNUAL HIGH SCHOOL ENLISTEE REC-OGNITION 
HON. DAVE BRAT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 80 Henrico County, Virginia area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Armed Forces after graduation. These students have excelled in their aca-demic and extracurricular activities, and I offer my sincere congratulations for their selfless-ness and courageous decision to serve their country upon their high school graduation. I commend these student leaders for their selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country as members of the United States Armed Forces: Chandler Anderson, Michael Armstrong, William Baker, Madison Balagtas, Kahlil Barnes, Alicia Barnett, Trenea Booker, Preston Bourne, Zachary Bowman, Cody Bry-ant, Naveed Canter, Rebecca Cary, Brandon Church, Nicholas Clarke, Tiana Clary-Haymon, Johnny Clejel, Bryce Courtney, Keanu Davis, Deisler Deleon, Steven Devault, Caleb Dison, Jon Christopher Duran, Jacob Edwards, Deyoni Escalante, Courtney Ferraris, Brianna Field, Connor Foutz, Wyatt Fulton, Christopher Garcia, Eileen Garcia-Morales, Tyrese Gary, Kyeron George, Melvin Gwaikolo, Braxton Hicks, Genesis Hill, Donald Hines, Jalen How-ard, Christopher Huitzachi, Colin Hurley, Jacob Jenkins, Robert Johnson, Michael John-son, Isiah Jones, Damian Kidd, Makayla Knipp, Emmanuela Koranteng, Samael Lariosgonzalez, Austin Leroy, Alexander Leseman, Daniel Morris, Marcus Newsom, Marcus Oughton, Alonzo Paige, Christian Pearsall, Samuel Peters III, Nathan Price, Derek Prokesch, Lonnie Reid, Sean Robert-son, Nicolaus Ross, Kamario Russ, Dylan Scruggs, Alham Shadan, Jason Shaw, Jordan Shumate, Alyssa Simpson, Jackson Squires, Sarah Stanton, Joshua Tolbert, Jose Torres, Steven Travis, Isaiah Vannote, Dane Virginia, Mubarak Vodel, Andrew Wade, Carl West, Nate Williamson, Christian Yin, Zachariah Youngwood. We also take the time to recognize Samuel Rivas, who only recently passed away but was part of this group of fine men and women; we honor his memory and his willingness to serve our country. These students will be honored by the Henrico Chapter of Our Community Salutes at their Annual Military Enlisted Recognition Ceremony on Tuesday, May 22, 2018 at Her-mitage High School in Henrico, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these young men and women and their families for their dedication to serving this great Nation. We owe them and the many Americans who have served and will serve a debt of gratitude. f 
RECOGNIZING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF MAXWELL ME-MORIAL LIBRARY 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the centennial celebration of Max-well Memorial Library in my hometown of Camillus, New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MY8.001 E18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE682 May 18, 2018 
Maxwell Memorial Library in the Village of Camillus first opened its doors 100 years ago following the advocacy of local teacher K. Belle Hackford, who organized the Camillus Library Association on May 26, 1918. The library was granted a provisional char-ter on September 22, 1921, and its absolute charter on February 19, 1926. The name was changed to Maxwell Memorial Library, in honor of librarian Mary Ellis Maxwell, on Feb-ruary 28, 1958. Maxwell Memorial Library has had several homes, all on Main Street in the village. Its first location was in one room over Abert’s Plumbing Shop. In 1922, it moved downstairs to a larger space. The next move was in 1924, to the former Cook home. In late 1925, it made a fourth move to an old building behind Kemper Garage before the library finally set-tled into its current home in the former Pres-byterian Church. Today, Maxwell Memorial Library offers adult, early, and digital literacy programs to its patrons. On average, around 31,000 people visit Maxwell Memorial Library every year. It is my honor to recognize Maxwell Memo-rial Library’s current director, Amanda E. Perrine, and former director, Katy Benson, and Board of Trustees Lucille Adorante, Donna Breen, Michael Dendis, Cynthia Drake, Megan Glass, Sue Mezey, Kristen Northrop, and Barb Parsons for their hard work to make this li-brary what is today. Congratulations on 100 years in our community. 
f 
GLOBAL HEALTH SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT: LESSONS LEARNED AND WAYS FORWARD 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we held a hearing on global health supply chain management. By holding yester-day’s hearing, this subcommittee is fulfilling its obligation to the American taxpayers to con-duct vigorous oversight of our global health programs in order to ensure that U.S. taxpayer dollars are being used properly and efficiently to deliver aid to rightful beneficiaries. It also, we hope, will help better the lives of those beneficiaries in the developing world who re-ceive life-saving medications thanks to the generosity of the American people. Specifically, we addressed serious concerns regarding the United States Agency for Inter-national Development’s contractor selection process and performance by that supply chain management company, Chemonics Inter-national, which was awarded the agency’s largest ever monetary contract—a contract with a ceiling of $9.5 billion over five years. Congressional interest in this was triggered by reports last year that Chemonics had failed repeatedly to deliver essential health commod-ities in a timely manner to African and other countries where they are desperately need-ed—most critically, anti-retrovirals to treat HIV/ AIDS patients. At its lowest point, only seven percent of deliveries were made on time and in full. The purpose of this hearing is to deter-mine where USAID went wrong in the selec-tion and transition process of this contractor and what can be done to prevent such a fail-ure in the future. In January of 2014, USAID issued a Re-quest for Proposals for a supply chain man-agement contractor that would consolidate procurement and delivery of health commod-ities to Africa and elsewhere as well as pro-vide health systems strengthening in conjunc-tion with the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR). Two companies re-sponded to the request, the first being the then existing contractor, Partnership for Sup-ply Chain Management, and the second being Chemonics. In April 2015, USAID awarded the contract to Chemonics, in large part because Chemonics displayed greater data visibility and IT capability. As might be expected, the incumbent losing bidder filed a complaint against USAID with the U.S. Government Ac-countability Office and, upon losing that, lodged an appeal with the U.S. Court of Fed-eral Claims. In both instances, a deferential standard of review is applied, and thus USAID’s decision was upheld. Following the final decision, the Partnership began the process to transition services to Chemonics. While tensions between the two companies were evident throughout the transi-tion process, performance levels remained steady until after Chemonics fully took over operations. At the end of 2016, under Chemonics’ leadership, on time deliveries dropped from 84 percent to 67 percent. They continued to freefall throughout 2016, down to 31 percent and then reaching an all-time-low of 7 percent in the first quarter of 2017. During this time, some countries reported stock-outs of some commodities. This absolutely unacceptable delivery record resulted in part from poor data quality, weak inventory management and distribution prac-tices and poor planning. Moreover, while hind-sight is 20/20, one cannot but question what justified certain of the assumptions USAID made when it selected Chemonics. For example, USAID had graded Chemonics’ data visibility as ‘‘Excellent,’’ plac-ing great reliance on Chemonics’ promises re-garding an IT system. No demonstration of a functioning IT system was ever requested by USAID during the selection process, however, nor any in-person presentation during which the Technical Evaluation Committee could ask questions. Indeed, no such demonstration could have taken place, as Chemonics had not even com-pleted building the IT system that was specifi-cally required in the request for proposals. The system would not be fully functional until June 2017, nearly a year and half after Chemonics began operations. While USAID did require a corrective action plan from Chemonics and implemented some corrective measures on the company—includ-ing freezing promotions and raises until per-formance reaches an acceptable level—it is the spur of congressional oversight, including visits to the field, which has forced the issue and brings us to where we are today, de-manding answers and seeking solutions. Our oversight continues to raise questions, and not only with respect to the implementing partner, but also how PEPFAR and USAID are coordinating their activities. We need to know how is it that each year PEPFAR engages partner nations in developing Country Oper-ational Plans designed to meet particular needs in each nation while guaranteeing that annual taxpayer investments are ‘‘maximally focused and traceable for impact,’’ yet USAID is still paying for the drug Nevirapine to give to HIV patients in Africa. Nevirapine is an out-dated drug with serious side effects that was supposed to have been retired a long time ago. I expected to hear from our witnesses not only a post-mortem of what went wrong—and by that, not simply a passive voice recitation that ‘‘mistakes were made’’—but also concrete solutions for how we can prevent such mis-takes in the future. f 
IN HONOR OF THE WYOMING STATE SOCIETY, DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION’S ONE HUNDRED AND THIRD AN-NUAL CONFERENCE 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Wyoming State Society, Daugh-ters of the American Revolution, which will hold its one hundred and third annual con-ference on May 17–20 in Cheyenne, Wyo-ming. Daughters of the American Revolution has a long tradition of promoting historic preserva-tion, education, and patriotism across the country and state of Wyoming. This year at their conference, members from around the state will come together to celebrate their con-tributions to Wyoming history and society, present the first annual scholarship to promote Native American education, and present the D.A.R. Good Citizen’s award. They will hear from a host of speakers, including Claudia Stowers, the Vice President for Advancement of the Museum of the American Revolution, and they will rededicate a monument and benches donated by their organization 42 years ago. Members of the D.A.R. have a deep sense of patriotism and support for our armed services. At the conference they will also celebrate the 100th anniversary of Ger-many’s surrender in WWI. During World War I, the state of Wyoming was very involved in war efforts. Fort D.A. Russell, now called F.E. Warren Air Force Base, outside of Cheyenne served as a major mobilization point at the start of the war. 11,393 Wyoming men served in the war. As a state with expansive agricultural and energy production, Wyoming was integral in providing resources for our troops and civilians. During this time, Wyoming oil production doubled and ranchers and farmers worked tirelessly to meet the increasing demand. I join the members of the Daughters of the American Revolution in remembering and thanking those in our state and across the country for their contributions to our armed forces during World War I and throughout his-tory. I would also like to thank the members of the Daughters of the American Revolution for all they do to preserve the history of our great state and country and to promote the impor-tance of education and patriotism of our great nation. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to acknowledge the many contributions the women of the Daughters of the American Revolution have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MY8.004 E18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE683 May 18, 2018 
made throughout history, and continue to make today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. RICHARD S. MONSON 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to Mr. Rich-ard S. Monson. Richard has been the driving force behind Southwest Georgia Farm Credit in Bainbridge, Georgia for 18 years and cur-rently serves as the President and Chief Exec-utive Officer (CEO). He will be retiring on July 31, 2018. A native of Maryland, Richard received a Bachelor’s of Science degree from West Vir-ginia University and a Master’s degree from Clemson University, both in Agricultural Eco-nomics. He also attended the Graduate School of Banking at Louisiana State Univer-sity. For over three decades, Richard Monson has been a highly trusted leader in the finan-cial services industry and in rural America. He has built an impressive career, beginning with his work with the West Virginia Farm Commis-sion’s prison farm system. Richard went on to serve as a Data Management and Research Analyst in the Department of Agricultural Eco-nomics and Rural Sociology at Clemson Uni-versity. He joined the Farm Credit System in 1986, when he became a Senior Economist at AgFirst Farm Credit Bank in Columbia, South Carolina. He later joined Farm Credit of South-west Florida in Arcadia, Florida, where he served in a variety of roles including Commer-cial Loan Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Lending Officer. He became the Presi-dent and CEO of Southwest Georgia Farm Credit in 2000 and has since distributed $89 million of member dividends to the company’s farmer owners with more than $900 million in assets. Richard’s diligent commitment to financial services and rural America has also been mir-rored by his involvement in the community. He has served on the Board of Trustees of Edi-son College in Fort Myers, Florida and as the Chairman of the AgFirst Presidents Group and the Georgia Cooperative Council. Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You make your living by what you get, you make your life by what you give.’’ We are so grateful that Richard Monson has given his time and talents to provide a premier financial institution for the farmers of Southwest Georgia. A man of great integrity, his efforts, his dedication, and his expertise are unparalleled. Southwest Georgia shines a little brighter because of Richard Monson. He has accomplished much in his life, but none of it would have been possible without the love and support of his wife, Linda, and their two daughters, Katie and Kristen. After retirement, Richard will enjoy spending time with the family he cherishes so dearly. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife, Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District, in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Mr. Richard S. Monson upon the occasion of his retirement from an outstanding career in financial serv-ices supporting agriculture in Southwest Geor-gia. f 
VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD an exchange of letters in connection with S. 2372, the VA MISSION Act. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 10, 2018. Hon. P
HILROE, Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROE: On May 8, 2018, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs ordered re-ported H.R. 5674, the VA MISSION Act of 2018. As you know, the Committee on Rules was granted an additional referral upon the bill’s introduction pursuant to the Commit-tee’s jurisdiction under rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives over rules and joint rules of the House. Because of your willingness to consult with my committee and make necessary changes to the legislation regarding this matter, I will waive consideration of the bill by the Rules Committee. By agreeing to waive its consideration of the bill, the Rules Committee does not waive its jurisdiction over H.R. 5674. In addition, the Committee on Rules reserves its authority to seek con-ferees on any provisions of the bill that are within its jurisdiction during any House- Senate conference that may be convened on this legislation. I ask your commitment to support any request by the Committee on Rules for conferees on H.R. 5674 or related legislation. I also request that you include this letter and your response as part of your commit-tee’s report on the bill and in the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the legislation on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, P
ETESESSIONS , Chairman, House Committee on Rules. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, May 10, 2018. Hon. P
ETESESSIONS , Chairman, Committee on Rules, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding the Rules Committee’s ju-risdictional interest in H.R. 5674, the VA MISSION Act of 2018, and your willingness to forego consideration of H.R. 5674 by your committee. I agree that the Committee on Rules has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provi-sions of H.R. 5674, and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to forego consideration of H.R. 5674. As you have requested, I will address the necessary changes to the legislation and I will support your request for an appro-priate appointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a House-Sen-ate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be convened. Finally, I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. Sincerely, DAVID P. R OEM.D., Chairman. f 
CELEBRATING BERNICE MAY HOYT OF GREENE COUNTY 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with immense respect and great honor that I rise today to recognize Bernice May Hoyt for receiving the Outstanding Contribution by a Senior Citizen Award for Greene County. This designation honors an exceptional senior citizen in Greene County who has demonstrated an unyielding commitment to the betterment of the commu-nity. From volunteering at her local church and assisting her elderly neighbors, to donating her time and services to the Mountain Top Food Pantry, Bernice has given selflessly to provide for her friends and neighbors, and es-pecially for area seniors. Through her actions, Bernice has improved the quality of life for countless individuals and has become a cor-nerstone of the Greene County community. I am grateful for Bernice’s years of dedica-tion to the Greene County community, to the 19th District, and to New York state. I wish her the best as she continues to serve as an in-spiration to all who have the pleasure of crossing paths with her. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DON HANSEN’S RE-TIREMENT FROM HANSEN & PECK LAW FIRM 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Don Hansen on his retirement. This is a momentous occasion and I hope that he will take the time to reflect upon all his hard work over the past 50 years working as an attorney in Newcastle, Wyoming. I thank him for his contributions to Hansen & Peck and to our community. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Don Hansen on his re-tirement. I wish him the best in future endeav-ors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE GREATER DENTON ARTS COUNCIL 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Greater Denton Arts Council as it celebrates its 50th Anniversary as the home for Denton’s artists and community organiza-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MY8.006 E18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE684 May 18, 2018 
The Greater Denton Arts Council traces its roots back to 1967, when the Denton Cham-ber of Commerce formed a Fine Arts and Cul-tural Affairs Committee to demonstrate its sup-port of the arts. In 1969, this committee be-came an independent entity and renamed itself the Greater Denton Arts Council (GDAC), becoming the umbrella organization for area arts, cultural and educational entities. To address the need for a permanent arts facility in Denton, an ad hoc committee began planning in 1973 to reach that goal. A lease was finally negotiated by the GDAC in 1981 to convert several existing industrial buildings lo-cated at the southwest corner of East Hickory St. and South Bell Ave. Renovations began in 1984 to convert the warehouse located at the southwest corner of the intersection into what would become the Center for the Visual Arts (CVA). The CVA opened to the public with its first art exhibition in the Meadows Gallery. In 2014, the CVA was subsequently renamed the Patterson–Appleton Arts Center. The GDAC also renovated the Campus Theatre building in the 1990s, converting the 1,200 seat movie house into a 300 seat live theatre and performance venue. In doing so, the GDAC preserved the unique late-deco de-sign features of the structure and established a suitable local venue to support performing organizations. In the decades since its inception, GDAC venues have provided local Denton County audiences with high-quality permanent and temporary exhibitions for local and national artists. Additionally, the GDAC has served as an umbrella organization for collaborative ef-forts with area universities, the Denton Inde-pendent School District and the City of Den-ton, including programs such as the ‘‘Get Started with the Arts’’ program to introduce Denton elementary students to classical music, visual arts, professional theater, ballet and opera. GDAC has been an integral part of the an-nual Congressional Art Contest since 2003, serving as host of the annual High School Art Contest for the 26th District of Texas. Each year the GDAC has staged the exhibition and hosted the recognition reception for hundreds of North Texas students, their parents, and teachers following this professionally-judged contest. As the GDAC meets for the presentation of the Community Arts Recognition Award (CARA) to this year’s recipients, I extend my deepest appreciation on behalf of the constitu-ents of the 26th District of Texas. The commit-ments of those recognized this year, along with the past and future honorees, are well-de-served for their role in support of educational and cultural mission of GDAC and the artistic and cultural presence that makes Denton, Texas such a unique place to call home. 
f 
HONORING DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL RECONNAIS-SANCE OFFICE, MAJOR GENERAL STEPHEN DENKER 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Deputy Director of the National Re-connaissance Office, Major General Stephen Denker. General Denker is retiring after a long and impressive career in the Air Force. Though his Air Force assignments have taken him around the world, three of those assignments have been in Colorado and his family has called Centennial home for the past three years. General Denker looks forward to returning ‘‘home’’ to Colorado and spending more time with his wife Corinne and sons Ben and Jake. Jake will graduate from Grandview High School this spring. Like his father, Gen. Denker’s older son Ben, is serving in the Air Force and has accepted the demanding chal-lenge of training to be a Pararescueman and their motto ‘‘That Others May Live’’. General Denker was born in Illinois and moved to Wisconsin in 6th grade. He earned his commission through the Air Force Reserve Officer’s Training Corps and a Bachelor’s de-gree in Aeronautical Engineering from the Uni-versity of Minnesota–Twin Cities Institute of Technology as well as a Masters of System Management from the University of Southern California. During his career General Denker has served in a variety of acquisition, operational, command and staff assignments in the United States and overseas. A true space profes-sional, nearly all of his 32 year career has been dedicated to acquiring space capabilities and leading other space professionals in sup-port of the Intelligence Community and De-partment of Defense. General Denker held multiple commands at the squadron, group and wing level and was responsible for the de-velopment of leaders across the Air Force as the Commandant of Air Command and Staff College and the Vice Commander of the Spaatz Center. As the Deputy Director of the National Re-connaissance Office, General Denker has been critical to coordinating national space ca-pabilities like the National Space Defense Center. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I have appreciated both his exper-tise and candor in his appearance before the Strategic Forces subcommittee on space issues. While I’ll miss seeing General Denker be-fore the committee, I look forward to seeing him back home in Colorado. On behalf of my House colleagues, I take this opportunity to thank Major General Denker for his service to the nation and wish him well in retirement. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF REVEREND GOZIE E. PENSON 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my sincerest congratulations and birthday wishes to a dedicated man of God and community servant, Reverend Gozie E. Penson, who is celebrating his 100th birth-day at 2 p.m. on Saturday, May 26, 2018 at the Holiday Inn located at 197 East Broad Street in Athens, Georgia. Reverend Gozie E. Penson was born on May 31, 1918 in Fayette County, Georgia. He is a product of the Peach County School Sys-tem and a member of Henry Hunt High School’s graduating class. After graduating from high school, he attended Morehouse Col-lege and earned a Bachelor’s of Divinity de-gree from Howard University’s School of Reli-gion. Rev. Penson received a calling to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ to migrants in Pocomoke City, Maryland and Belle Glade, Florida through the National Council of Churches. He later served with the Pres-byterian Church in Tuskegee and Mont-gomery, Alabama as well as the Urban League in Washington, D.C. Throughout his life, Rev. Penson was an ac-tive member of several civic organizations where he poured his time and energy includ-ing Tuskegee’s Retired Senior Volunteer Pro-gram, Committee for Good Government, Oenology Club, and the Tuskegee Civic Asso-ciation. Acts 20:35 says, ‘‘I have shown you in every way, by laboring like this, that you must support the weak. And remember the words of the Lord Jesus, that He said, ‘It is more blessed to give than to receive .’ ’’ Truly, Rev-erend Penson has abided by this scripture, understanding his calling and purpose to serve God’s people and his community. Reverend Penson has accomplished many things in his life, but none of these would have been possible without the grace of God and the love and support of his late wife, Claudine, and their children, Merryll, Elvin, and Nari. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife, Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District, in recognizing Reverend Gozie E. Penson for his selfless service to God, his church, and humankind. We extend our best wishes to him as he, his family, and friends celebrate his 100th birthday. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE JONES FAMILY, TRIPLE J ENTERPRISES, INC. 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, Robert H. Jones, his wife Margaret A. Jones, and their family are known in the Marianas and through-out the Western Pacific for their successes in business. They are also known for the vision and heart with which they have used their per-sonal successes for the benefit of the commu-nities where they live and do business. Born in North Carolina, Robert (‘‘Bob’’) Jones moved to Guam in 1957 to work for the company his brother Kenneth had started— Jones & Guerrero, Incorporated. Bob would work alongside Ken for the next 24 years, ris-ing to be Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the company. In 1984, though, he struck out on his own and established Triple J Enterprises on Guam, a reference to the Jones’ three children—Julie, Jeff and Jay. Starting with a Subaru distribu-torship he bought from Ken the company did well, later venturing up two years later to Saipan in the Northern Mariana Islands. From the inception, it was a family business: Margaret did the buying, handled advertising and public relations, and was the company treasurer. Sister Georgia J. Stafford also lent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MY8.008 E18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE685 May 18, 2018 
a hand when needed; and the children helped out cleaning cars and working in the parts and service departments. At first, Triple J distributed Subaru auto-mobiles, Hino heavy trucks and buses, and Bluebird school buses. As business grew they added the Ford, Mazda, Lincoln, Hyundai, Isuzu, Suzuki, Volvo, Honda, Acura, Kia and Mitsubishi brands to the company’s auto-mobile business portfolio. And when the chil-dren returned from college the business began expanding beyond automobiles and beyond Guam and the Northern Marianas. In 1987, in alignment with Bob’s visionary persona, Triple J began working in wholesale foods and retail grocery with a business on Ebeye in the Marshall Islands. Further expan-sion years later added nearby Majuro, where the company today continues to operate simi-lar businesses. In 1998, the wholesale busi-ness would expand west to Palau along with a bakery, convenience store, and Shell service station. Triple J would further diversify into the res-taurant business beginning in the mid-1990s with the purchase of an Outback Steakhouse franchise on Guam and, later, Tony Roma’s, Capricciosa, Bubba Gump Shrimp Company, and Great Harvest Bakery franchises on Saipan. Scheduled to open in 2019, a Red Lobster franchise restaurant now under devel-opment on Guam will be a new addition to the restaurant group. In 1994, Triple J had a hand in negotiating the arrival of K-Mart on Guam. That store, bucking a national trend of closures, remains to this day one of the most successful K-Marts anywhere. Into the new millennium, by 2005 Triple J had grown to be the fourth largest business in Micronesia, as ranked by the Guam Business Magazine. The Guam Chamber of Commerce named the company Business Laureate of the Year and inducted Triple J into the Guam Business Hall of Fame—the youngest corpora-tion to receive the honor. And they just kept growing. Triple J ac-quired Hertz Rent-a-Car rights and became exclusive distributor in all of Micronesia for Solahart—an Australian solar water heater company. Capitalizing on another opportunity, Triple J developed a first-of-its-kind affordable housing development on Saipan, subsidized by the U.S. Treasury’s Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Program. Sandy Beach Homes—a $27 million, 60-unit project—was completed in late 2011; and a second, affordable housing project—Saipan Comfort Homes—quickly fol-lowed with another 40 units. Sharing in the value of philanthropy, the Jones family and Triple J make efforts to en-hance the quality of life of those in need. On Guam, Triple J partners with the American Cancer Society Guam Chapter annually to support their signature funding event, Relay for Life, raising as much as $40,000 in one year alone. In the Northern Marianas, the company regularly contributes to the Red Cross Walk-a-Thon, the Marianas March Against Cancer, Make-A-Wish Foundation, and numerous other charitable programs rais-ing money for relief efforts and cancer re-search. They have also been the official car sponsor of the Miss Marianas Pageant and the Northern Mariana Islands Football Asso-ciation. This larger concern for the welfare of the whole community came into further relief when the Marianas was hit by Typhoon Soudelor in 2015. The worst typhoon in decades, Soudelor carried sustained winds exceeding 100 miles per hour. In the wake of the devastation, which left most people on Saipan without power for a month, Bob Jones donated thou-sands of dollars in food to help the Salvation Army set up a hot meals program in Kagman, one of the hardest-hit villages. For his selfless-ness and support, when the community was in dire need, the Rotary Club of Saipan awarded Bob Jones its Citizen of the Year award in 2016. ‘‘Customers first’’ is Triple J’s simple mis-sion statement and yet, it holds a more com-plex meaning displayed in the actions behind their successes. That people-centric view serves as a model to other businesses in the communities they serve. Through all these years of dynamic growth, the importance of family remains central to the successes of Bob and Margaret. Son Jeffery is the president and chief operating officer of the company. Son Jay is senior vice president with a focus on automotive operations. And, while daughter Julie spends much of her time in a professional counseling practice, her hus-band, Dan Murrell, serves as senior vice presi-dent in charge of real estate, food, and res-taurant operations. Mother Margaret remains company treasurer. Bob is chairman and CEO. Growing into the third generation, five of their eleven grandchildren have begun working for the family business. Today, the Triple J group employs over 900 employees across the Micronesia region, many of whom have been with the business for twenty plus years. Please join me in thanking and congratu-lating true citizens of the Marianas, Bob and Margaret Jones and all their family for over 60 years of service and success in the Marianas and throughout Micronesia. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MS. DEBORAH LELIAERT 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Deborah Leliaert, Vice President for University Relations and Planning, as she re-tires from her position at the University of North Texas. Ms. Leliaert joined UNT in 1992 as director of news while attending UNT’s Toulouse Grad-uate School. In 1996, she advanced to asso-ciate vice president for marketing and commu-nication and UNT System associate vice chan-cellor for communications and marketing. She held this title until 2001 when the UNT System Board of Regents approved the creation of as-sociate vice president for university relations. Ms. Leliaert was promoted into this new role to oversee the university’s communications and marketing as well as visitor and public re-lations. She continued in this capacity as as-sociate vice chancellor for communications and marketing for the UNT System. In a career spanning more than a quarter century of UNT’s history, Ms. Leliaert wit-nessed a tremendous period of growth, chal-lenge, and celebration, serving six presidents and three chancellors as the institution’s chief internal and external spokesperson through much of this time. This window of UNT’s his-tory included its acceptance as a full member of the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities; countless new programs and building projects; new campuses; recognition of UNT as an emerging research institution and the development of ground-breaking rela-tionships for the University through research efforts and public partnerships such as exists with UNT’s current relationship with the Dallas Cowboys. Managing much of the marketing and com-munications involved in supporting UNT’s brand management and institutional reputa-tion, Ms. Leliaert also supported UNT’s ambi-tious student recruitment and retention objec-tives for a campus that has grown by almost 20 percent in only the second half of her ten-ure with UNT. Her efforts to bolster UNT in the media intersected with the rapid rise of social media and modern transformation of the media landscape. Ms. Leliaert’s talents, particularly her elo-quence and skill to respond in times of crisis, will be sorely missed by the UNT community. As a proud UNT alumnus, I thank her for her contributions as a long-serving member of UNT’s staff, and I wish her much happiness as she commences her retirement after a sig-nificant and successful career. f 
DARLYNN BLEA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Darlynn Blea for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Darlynn Blea received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Darlynn Blea is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Darlynn Blea for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE FORTIETH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE ARC OF SCHUYLER 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the fortieth anniversary of The Arc of Schuyler. The Arc of Schuyler is a private, not for profit organization providing support to people with intellectual and developmental disabilities, including autism, and their families. The Arc of Schuyler is a Chapter of the Arc of New York, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.006 E18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE686 May 18, 2018 
which is the largest not for profit organization working with and for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities in New York State and is a member of The Arc of the United States. A courageous group of family members and friends of people with intellectual and develop-mental disabilities founded The Arc of Schuyler on May seventh, in the year nineteen hundred and seventy-eight. From modest be-ginnings it has become the most comprehen-sive provider of support in Schuyler County to hundreds of people with developmental dis-abilities and their families. The Arc of Schuyler is an advocacy agency that believes all people have the fundamental moral, civic, and constitutional rights to live, learn, and work in safe and respectful commu-nities of their choosing without prejudice. A volunteer Board of Directors including relatives of persons with a developmental disability and dedicated community leaders continue to pro-vide their experience and insight to ensure the rights of people with developmental disabil-ities. The Arc of Schuyler urges all citizens to give full support to the efforts empowering people with intellectual and developmental dis-abilities so that they may live full and produc-tive lives of inclusion in our communities. Given the above, I ask that this Legislative Body pause in its deliberations and join me to commend The Arc of Schuyler upon the occa-sion of its fortieth anniversary in the year two thousand eighteen. 
f 
CELEBRATING DEDE TERNS- THORPE OF GREENE COUNTY 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with profound respect that I rise today to recognize and cele-brate Dede Terns-Thorpe of Haines Falls for being named Greene County’s 2018 Senior Citizen of the Year. This is a designation re-served for the outstanding individual in Greene County who has continuously and selflessly gone above and beyond to make a positive impact on the community. From her time working as a nurse and for the U.S. postal service, to her volunteerism delivering meals to her neighbors and gar-dening, Dede has been dedicated to the Greene County community and has shown compassion and care in all that she does. As the town historian of Hunter, Dede has made great contributions to the history of the area, unearthing the wonders, stories, and heroes of Greene County’s past. I am grateful for Dede’s many years of dedi-cated service to Greene County, to the 19th District, and to New York State. I wish her the best as she continues to preserve the region’s history and I am thankful for her many con-tributions to the community. AMBER COOPER HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Amber Coo-per for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Amber Cooper received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Amber Cooper is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Amber Cooper for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
SHARING STUDENTS’ ‘‘MARCH FOR OUR LIVES’’ REMARKS 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on May 9, I came to the Floor and spoke about the March For Our Lives on March 24 and the nine extraor-dinarily poised students in Morristown, New Jersey, who spoke at the rally there, which I attended. I included in the R
ECORD remarks by Nile Burch. I hope my colleagues will read them and internalize the sense of fear in which our nation’s students are living every day—and our responsibility as Members of Congress to do something to address this cri-sis of gun violence. 
MARCH FOR OURLIVES’ REMARKS  (By Nile Burch) Hello and good morning! My name is Nile Birch and I am from Morristown High School. I would like to begin by thanking Ms. Bosrock for this incredible opportunity. I ap-preciate all of her support and help in mak-ing this possible. I am so proud to be rep-resenting my African-American and social activism club, Melanin Minds, at the march today. Melanin Minds consists of a group of united and ethnically diverse individuals dedicated towards raising awareness within our communities. Encouraging change is ex-actly what our club is about, and I am hon-ored to speak to everyone today about the issue of gun violence on behalf of our presi-dent, Bella Simon. So why should I take such a vested interest in this issue? I can understand how it is a Constitutional right for people to own guns. But, as we’ve all come to realize, there is a lot of gray area in that. Nevertheless, that area should never include questioning public safety. If people choose to own guns, that is their preroga-tive, but in no way shape or form should their interest threaten the lives of anyone or anything else. Yet, the trouble I think we all experience is that the current laws we haveare nowhere strict enough to make peo-ple feel at ease. Then again, there is a fine line between feeling ‘at ease’ and feeling ‘safe.’ We do not need politicians to acknowl-edge what happened in past and recent school shootings. We need them to look at Columbine, Sandy Hook, Marjory Stoneman Douglas, and countless others as an incen-tive to want to prevent more shootings from ever happening again. In simpler terms, we need to emphasize that it’s okay to recognize what happened in the past as long as we use those events to carve out a pathway towards our future! To truly understand what it feels like to be safe, we must first realize what it is like to live in fear. As an African-Amer-ican male, living in fear means wearing a hoodie and being scared to walk to the store for some skittles or an Arizona Iced Tea, or wanting to sell CDs. What I am saying is that having this angst festering inside of me every day is my reality, but it does not have to be yours too. School shootings? Children in school. A place where students go to learn, make friends, and find themselves as human beings. A place parents can drop their kids and feel safe in knowing that their precious children are protected at all costs. It isn’t true. It doesn’t exist. And that, my friends, is the sad reality of today. Why we are here. Why we care. We must stand together so that every single one of us can feel safe. You guys might be wondering ‘what does he mean by starting to make a difference, how can I, a high school student, have any influence?’ Let me tell you guys a brief story to make it clearer. I remember being on the playground and looking up at those tall monkey bars tow-ering above the field. They seemed so big and tall, like something incredible. Of course, to any seven-year-old, climbing it seems a feat worth trying. But, no matter how hard I tried it was still physically impossible for my short arms to reach the highest bar. I tell this story because on this day, March 24, 2018, our end goal may seem impossible to reach. It may seem so idealistic that we doubt seeing such immense change within the course of our lifetime. However, I am confident that meeting our goal can become a reality by taking the right steps to get there. I didn’t finish my childhood story. As I started to climb the bars, I had multiple encounters with failure and defeat by slip-ping off of the handlebars. Enacting change to the issue of gun violence is no different. We have and will continue to encounter ob-stacles that will try to prevent us from suc-ceeding. In order to overcome these difficul-ties, it is imperative that we lobby Congress to change the gun laws to ensure that only those who are able to handle the responsi-bility of owning a gun can do so. It is also paramount that organizations such as the NRA accept the consequences of prioritizing profit over life. I remain optimistic that we’ll be able to do this because, despite hav-ing fallen multiple times on the wood chips, I persevered and, yes, eventually reached the top. The feeling at the top of those monkey bars was one I’ll never forget. For a brief mo-ment in time I felt like the king of the world with nothing to stop me. I made my way down, and yes, fell again, but this time it was worth it. I have no doubt that this move-ment will feel the same way when we make strides. The obstacles will never truly go away, but we will enact laws, start protests and incite conversations that will make these obstacles irrelevant. Piece by piece we will inspire other stu-dents to gain the courage to stand up for what they believe in. Piece by piece we will show youth that they have a voice and that it does matter. And piece by piece we will once again feel safe enough to walk our school hallways without feeling as if that is the last day we’ll walk at all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.007 E18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE687 May 18, 2018 
Contact our congressmen! These men are in the government speaking for and rep-resenting you. Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, Rep. Leonard Lance, Sen. Cory Booker, and Sen. Robert Menendez all need to hear from you about how we feel about gun violence. If we want to save lives, it begins with speak-ing with our powerful elected officials. You’ve already climbed your first bar just by being here today. Hopefully you’ve been lis-tening, and hopefully you take the next step to putting an end to gun violence! I am so impressed with the numbers here today and I want you guys to keep fighting, and keep climbing, because eventually, we willreach the top, together! Thank you and have a good day! f 
ANESSA FLORES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Anessa Flores for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Anessa Flores received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Anessa Flores is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Anessa Flores for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 350TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE SETTLEMENT OF SAULT SAINTE MARIE 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the city of Sault Sainte Marie upon the occasion of its 350th Anniversary. Through three and a half centuries of commu-nity investment and growth, the Soo has be-come an indispensable part of the Upper Pe-ninsula and the state of Michigan. For centuries before the arrival of Euro-peans, the area now known as Sault Sainte Marie was inhabited by Chippewa Native Americans. In 1668, French missionaries Jacques Marquette and Claude Dablon found-ed a Jesuit mission near the rapids of the St. Mary’s River—establishing the oldest perma-nent settlement in what is now the state of Michigan. The first look connecting Lake Su-perior to Lake Huron was constructed in 1855, and since then a steady flow of goods and materials have flowed through this critical junction. Over its 350 years, the settlement grew from a mission and base for fur trappers into a modern city and major artery for the in-dustry of the Great Lakes. In honor of the Soo’s semiseptcentennial, the city is hosting a variety of events and cele-brations throughout the year. The festivities kicked off with the ball drop that welcomed the New Year, and has already included the 50th Annual I–500 Snowmobile Race and the an-nual opening of the Soo Locks. From July 20th to the 27th, the city will host a week-long 350th Festival filled with history, games, kids’ entertainment, music, and food. The closing ceremonies for the year-long festivities will be December 16, 2018, with a performance at Pullar Stadium and the closing of the Semiseptcentennial Time Capsule. Mr. Speaker, day after day, the city of Sault Sainte Marie continues to set a positive exam-ple of what can be achieved when the people of a community work together for the common good. It’s my honor to congratulate them for their 350 years of success and community growth. On behalf of my constituents, I wish the Soo all the best as it ventures into the fu-ture. f 
TRIBUTE TO MAYOR OF AURORA, COLORADO, STEPHEN D. HOGAN 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the passing of a truly great citizen of the United States, the Mayor of Aurora, Col-orado, Stephen D. Hogan. Mayor Hogan passed away on May 13, 2018. Throughout his nearly eight year tenure as the mayor of my hometown, Steve Hogan oversaw a re-markable and exciting renaissance in the city. Aurora has become Colorado’s third largest city, and a driving force of innovation, develop-ment, and economic opportunity. Aurora has also become an even greater place to live, work, and raise a family. I first met Steve Hogan 35 years ago when I returned home to Aurora after serving in the Marines. I have had the distinct pleasure to call him a friend ever since. Mayor Hogan’s career in public service has taken him from serving in the Colorado House of Representa-tives in the 1970’s, to serving six terms as an Aurora City Council Member, and finally to two terms elected as the Mayor of the city I know he loved so dearly. Throughout his time serving the citizens of Aurora, Mayor Hogan managed its remarkable growth. Although thought of by many as sim-ply a suburb of the city of Denver, Aurora is so much more. In fact, Aurora is now the 54th largest city in the United States. During Mayor Hogan’s tenure, Aurora saw the expansion of the E–470 highway, the continued buildout of the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, the final stages of the construction of the Gaylord Rockies Resort and Convention Center, and the openings of an Amazon Fulfill-ment Center and a Walmart Distribution Cen-ter. In addition, he worked closely with the Re-gional Transport District on the innovative pub-lic private partnership that resulted in the com-pletion of the R-Line light rail that runs throughout the city years ahead of schedule. These new developments have contributed millions of dollars to Aurora’s economy, cre-ating new jobs and exciting economic opportu-nities. Buckley Air Force Base, the largest em-ployer in the City of Aurora, also flourished under Mayor Hogan’s leadership. While other military installations have troubled relation-ships with their local communities, Mayor Hogan was an avid supporter of the base and a supporter of efforts now nearing completion to add over 1,000 acres of open space around the base that will protect it from encroach-ment. In April, as a mark of its respect of the Mayor, Aurora City Council voted unanimously to rename the 6th Avenue Parkway Extension as the Stephen D. Hogan Parkway. Mayor Hogan exemplified the spirit of public service, and my hometown of Aurora would not be the wonderful place that it is without his vision and his leadership. We are all better off because of his decades of hard work. My heartfelt thanks to Mayor Hogan and I salute him for his service to our fellow citizens. I am proud to have been able to call him a friend and his family are in my thoughts and prayers. f 
DEVAN GARCIA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Devan Garcia for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Devan Garcia received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Devan Gar-cia is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Devan Garcia for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedica-tion and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DR. DON STOCKTON 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize and thank Dr. Don Stockton for his tireless service and unwavering com-mitment to the students and employees of the Conroe Independent School District. A graduate of both Purdue University and Texas A&M University, Don Stockton began his career in education as a math teacher in Lafayette, Indiana, but just two years later, Don found his way to Conroe lSD, where he continued to teach math and coach at Conroe High School and Travis Junior High School. Over the course of seventeen years, Don served throughout Conroe lSD: working as the Assistant Principal at Oak Ridge High School, the Assistant Principal and Principal of McCullough Junior High, the Assistant Prin-cipal and Principal of Knox Junior High, the Principal of The Woodlands High School, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.009 E18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE688 May 18, 2018 
the Interim and Assistant Superintendent of Schools. In 2003, Don was appointed Conroe ISD’s Superintendent of Schools—a posting he has held for fifteen years. Under his leadership, Conroe ISD has reached new levels of suc-cess and earned countless performance and achievement awards—becoming the largest school district to ever be named Exemplary by the Texas Education Agency and one of only three school districts with the highest aca-demic achievement rating eight years in a row. Throughout his time in Montgomery County and the Greater Houston Area, Don has used his talents to serve his community in both Conroe ISD and a wide variety of educational and civic organizations. These tireless efforts have not gone unnoticed. Dan’s hard work and passion for service have earned him the title of Superintendent of the Year, Citizen of the Year, and many other community and pub-lic service awards. Don dedicated his career to making a dif-ference in his community that reached far be-yond the classroom, and thousands of stu-dents, families, educators, and staff have been changed for the better due to his efforts. I am proud to join his wife, Kara; his daugh-ter, Brooke; his friends; and his colleagues in thanking Don for his career of service and wishing him the best as he begins his well-de-served retirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CENTENARIAN RESI-DENTS OF EVERLASTING PINE HDFC 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the contribution of seven cente-narian residents of Everlasting Pine HDFC on Chung Pak Local Development Corporation ’ s Elderly Appreciation Day, and in recognition of Older American’s Month and Asian Pacific American Heritage Month. Built in 1993 through a HUD senior sup-portive housing program, Everlasting Pine HDFC has provided a home and a community to low-income seniors. Safe and affordable housing is essential to low-income seniors and allows residents to live independent and vi-brant lives. Symbolizing decades of longevity and hard work, this occasion reflects an important mile-stone in a growing segment of American life, the Centenarians. Over the years, these spe-cial individuals have contributed to our nation, witnessing remarkable changes and extraor-dinary progress. They have lived through some of the most exciting times in our nation’s history. Li Keng Tsuei, Hai Liu, Mark Chan Sze, Rong Guo Xin, Ng Kwa Ying, Wu Siu Ying and Yee Mee Ting are all lifelong residents of Chinatown who are 100 years of age and older. They have individually contributed to the fabric and welfare of their neighborhood and New York City. They have earned the respect and affection of people from all walks of life. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring these remarkable centenarians and wish them continued health and happiness. BABITA GAUTAM HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Babita Gautam for receiving the Adams County May-ors and Commissioners Youth Award. Babita Gautam received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Babita Gautam is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Babita Gautam for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. AL-BERTA LOGAN GRIFFIN SHIPMAN 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my sincerest congratulations and birthday wishes to a dedicated woman of God and respected librarian, Mrs. Alberta Logan Griffin Shipman, who celebrated her 90th birthday on April 28, 2018 at the Doubletree Hotel in Columbus, Georgia. Mrs. Shipman was born on May 5, 1928 to Rogers and Hattie Whiteside Logan of Ruther-fordton, North Carolina. She received her Bachelor’s degree from Albany State College (now Albany State University Library Media Specialist and Master of Education degrees from Columbus State University, and Master of Library Science degree from what is now Clark Atlanta University. In 1973, Mrs. Shipman became the Director of the South Columbus Branch Library in the Chattahoochee Valley Regional Library Sys-tem, making her the first African American and first professionally degreed librarian to hold that position. Throughout her career, she served her community with unparalleled com-mitment as the Vice President of the Board of Directors for Columbus State University’s Alumni Association, Secretary of the American Association of University Women, Board Mem-ber for the League of Women Voters, and Chairperson for ‘‘Attack on Illiteracy Cam-paign’’ sponsored by Gamma Tau Omega Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incor-porated, of which she is a Life member. Mrs. Shipman lives by the following words: ‘‘Our God has done great things for all people and we should strive to love more and con-tinue to help each other through Jesus Christ Our Savior.’’ Mrs. Shipman used her love for the Lord to positively shape her community. As a lifetime member of the African Methodist Episcopal Church, she has served in several capacities and has regularly incorporated her faith into her commitment to public service. Mrs. Shipman is a noted speaker for reli-gious and civic events such as Women’s Day, Missionary Day and Educational Leadership Seminars and Workshops. Her efforts in the church and as a citizen of the world have earned her many accolades . She was the first recipient of the Boundless Missionary Award for dedicated service to the Women’s Mis-sionary Society. She also received the Holding Up the Light Award and the central District Presiding Elder’s ‘‘ Spirit Award.’’ Mrs. Shipman has accomplished many things in her life, but none of these accom-plishments would have been possible without the grace of God and the love and support of her current husband, Roy and her seven won-derful daughters from her late husband, Rev-erend John R. Griffin. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District, in recognizing Mrs. Alberta Logan Griffin Shipman. She is truly a woman of faith whose heart never stops giving and whose hands never stop serving the people of her church and her community. We extend our best wishes to her on the occasion of her 90th birthday. f 
ALIANA MONAE GUILLORY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Aliana Monae Guillory for receiving the Adams County May-ors and Commissioners Youth Award. Aliana Monae Guillory received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Aliana Monae Guillory is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Aliana Monae Guillory for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN IKARD 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge Mr. John Ikard’s generous phi-lanthropy and dedicated service to the State of Colorado. In 2017, Mr. Ikard retired from his position as CEO of First Bank after 17 years of leading one of Colorado’s largest and most successful financial institutions. Under his leadership, John also helped to give back to his commu-nity. Since 2000, FirstBank has donated over $50 million to disability and wellness charities throughout the Rocky Mountain region. Al-though Mr. Ikard has since stepped down from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.012 E18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE689 May 18, 2018 
his position, he remains on First Bank’s Board of Directors, ensuring the continuation of the company’s benevolent culture. Mr. Ikard’s success at FirstBank is rivaled by his service and commitment to bettering his community and the State of Colorado. He has previously served as Chairman of the Denver Metro Chamber of Commerce, as well as the Denver Area Boy Scout Council, Colorado State University Board of Governors, and the Denver Economic Development Corporation. Today, Mr. Ikard continues to be an active member on the Colorado Children’s Hospital Foundation and Board, as well as a pro-busi-ness advocate for Colorado Concern. Mr. Ikards’s extraordinary efforts to better the lives of others have not gone unrecog-nized. This year, Mr. Ikard was honored with the Mizel Institute’s Community Enrichment award; a highly, esteemed decoration be-stowed on community leaders. This accom-plishment is another noteworthy addition to Mr. Ikards’s long list of achievements. Mr. Speaker, Mr. John Ikard’s role as a business and community leader can serve as an inspiration to all Americans and I thank him for his contribution to the betterment of our community and of the State of Colorado. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 200. 
f 
ALEX KANE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Alex Kane for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Alex Kane received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Alex Kane is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Alex Kane for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. IN HONOR OF DR. VICTOR JAIME ON RETIRING AFTER 38 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE IMPERIAL VALLEY HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Victor Jaime, whom after 30 years of service, will be retiring as President of Im-perial Valley College. Dr. Victor Jaime was born and raised in the Imperial Valley. He was the first in his family to go to college and Imperial Valley College became the key to his successful career. After graduating with his associates from Imperial Valley College, he went on to attain his Bach-elor’s degree at UC Irvine, his Master’s degree at San Diego State University, his Educational Specialist Degree at Point Loma Nazarene College, and finally his Doctorate degree in Education from Northern Arizona University. Despite all of his diplomas, the two he cher-ishes the most are his Doctorate, that pre-pared him to lead our educators and students towards a successful path; and his Associates Degree from Imperial Valley College, which helped pave the way to his mission in life. Throughout his career, Dr. Victor Jaime, has worked in various roles such as Counselor and later Director of the Talent Search Pro-gram, Dean of Financial Aid and State Pro-grams, Vice President for Student Services and finally Superintendent/President; all at the very college that awarded his Associate’s De-gree: Imperial Valley College. Dr. Victor Jaime firmly believes that his fa-ther and grandfather were his main sources of influence and credits them for his accomplish-ments in academia and his career. Dr. Victor Jaime and his wife, Caroline Treadway-Jaime, have three children; two who are former Impe-rial Valley College students, and one who is currently at Cal State Fresno, and the grand-parents of three grandchildren. I would like to recognize Dr. Victor Jaime for his dedication and commitment to Imperial Valley and for being a champion to the com-munity college system and leaving behind a legacy that will continue to impact the students in my district. I wish him the best of luck in his retirement. 
f 
ANGELA LOPEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Angela Lopez for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Angela Lopez received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Angela Lopez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to An-gela Lopez for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LAWRENCE ‘‘LARRY’’ CLARK 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Lawrence ‘‘Larry’’ Clark—a beloved husband and former mayor of Rancho Palos Verdes—who passed away on May 2, 2018 at the age of 69. It was an honor for me to have known Larry. Larry was born on January 19, 1949 in Or-ange, California. Larry double majored in both psychology and sociology at California State University, Fullerton. Later, Larry also received an MBA from California State University, Dominguez Hills. After graduating, Larry began a 40-year career with the federal gov-ernment where he was able to work with sev-eral agencies such as the Air Force, the De-partment of Defense, and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in the commu-nications and information systems field. Before being elected to the Rancho Palos Verdes City Council in 2001, Larry served on the View Commission and Planning Commission. Due to his passion to serve the public and his per-severance seen through his dedication and hard work, Larry was elected for a second term. While in his second term, he was ap-pointed twice to the California State Coastal Commission. Larry was elected as mayor of Rancho Palos Verdes in 2008, and served for two years. After retiring from the federal government in 2012, Larry was diagnosed with stage 4 pan-creatic cancer. Despite his diagnosis, Larry went on to volunteer with the Pancreatic Can-cer Action Network (PanCAN), create the PanCAN Survivor Council, and serve on the Executive Committee for PurpleStride Los An-geles. In 2013, Larry received the Spirit of Hope award at the PanCAN’s Evening with the Stars gala for his advocacy on behalf of the nonprofit organization and was shortly ap-pointed one of five national ambassadors for PanCAN. Larry fought cancer with tremendous courage, grace and dignity. Larry is survived by his wife of 24 years, Becky, and their two corgis Milo and Katie, whom I hope take comfort in the way Larry lived his life as a deeply thoughtful, compas-sionate and moral citizen. May his memory be a blessing to us all. 
f 
PASTOR DANIEL PRICE 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Daniel Price on the occasion of his retirement after 25 years of dedicated service as senior pastor of First Presbyterian Church of Eureka. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.015 E18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE690 May 18, 2018 
In 1974, Daniel Price graduated from Westmont College in Santa Barbara with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Religious Studies. After obtaining a Master of Divinity degree in 1978 from Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena, he was ordained through the Pres-byterian Church (USA) and served as Asso-ciate Pastor of the Easton Presbyterian Church in Fresno. In 1987, Pastor Price pur-sued his Ph.D. in Theology at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland. After completing his doctorate, he became pastor at the Inter-national Protestant Church of Zu¨rich, Switzer-land, where he gained experience serving in a more urban setting. In 1993, Pastor Price moved to Eureka, California, where he has served as senior pas-tor of the First Presbyterian Church of Eureka for the past 25 years. During his tenure, Pas-tor Price led a major renovation of the First Presbyterian church facility, which was com-pleted in the fall of 2005. He implemented two. services, one contemporary and one tradi-tional, and writes a weekly column for his par-ish. Throughout his career, Pastor Price has en-gaged in his community through volunteer and community efforts. He currently serves as president of the Betty Kwan Chinn Foundation and is a former member of Eureka Rotary and de facto chair of the Eureka Interfaith Fellow-ship and North Coast Presbyterian Parish. He taught religious studies courses at Humboldt State University and the North Coast Bible In-stitute. Mr. Speaker, Pastor Daniel Price’s leader-ship and service have left many lasting and positive impacts on his community and is wor-thy of recognition. I urge my colleagues to join me in extending our congratulations to him and best wishes in his retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, on May 17, 2018, I was improperly recorded as a Yes vote on Roll Call No. 198. This was in error and I wish to be recorded as a No on RC No. 198. 
f 
ALEXANDRA MACHADO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr.Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Alexandra Machado for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Alexandra Machado received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Alexandra Machado is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Al-exandra Machado for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF KENNETH H. HOFMANN 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Kenneth Harry Hofmann. I join his family and friends to celebrate his life and service to the community. Born and raised in the Bay Area, Ken at-tended Fremont High School in Oakland, and went on to graduate from Merchant Marine Academy. He would later be known as a dy-namic builder, entrepreneur, and philan-thropist. In 1957, Ken started the Hofmann Com-pany, which by the mid-1980s had built more than 30,000 homes and apartments through-out the Bay Area. He was also a two-time president of the Building Industry Association, and co-owner of the A’s and Seattle Seahawks. A philanthropist in the community, Ken opened the De La Salle Academy, which pro-vides a program—food, books, tutors—for un-derprivileged youth to help prepare them for high school. Ken was passionate about early childhood education and highlighted the impor-tance of outdoor educational studies on na-ture, wetlands, and waterfowl protection in K– 12 curriculums. As a conservationist, Ken operated a ranch in the Sacramento Valley where he converted farmland to wetlands to provide habitat for mi-gratory waterfowl and songbirds. He also pro-posed the Pacific Flyway Center, a major edu-cational facility that will introduce the public to bird flight patterns and inspire environmental stewardship. Ken will be remembered for his dedication to the Bay Area. He is survived by his wife, Jean, two daughters, and will be sincerely missed by everyone who knew him. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Ag-riculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes: 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutri-tion Act, known as the Farm Bill. This bill weakens our ability to fight hunger, under-mines conservation efforts, and fails to ad-dress the needs of small and family farms. The Farm Bill should provide a safety net for both the hard-working farmers who produce food and those who consume it. In the past, bipartisan Farm Bills have met the needs of both rural and urban communities and have found a balance in the policies that support farmers and those facing food insecu-rity. Unfortunately, this year Republican lead-ers on the House Agriculture Committee halt-ed a bipartisan effort and brought a very par-tisan bill to the floor. The proposal is the result of an ideologically-driven process that was rushed and inadequate, leaving farm and food programs in jeopardy. More than 80 percent of the funding in the Farm Bill supports nutrition assistance pro-grams for the nearly 41 million Americans fac-ing food insecurity. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) allows low-in-come families to purchase food, and the pro-gram continues to play a critical role in helping these families escape the devastating effects of poverty. This program is vital for families in Oregon and across the country. According to a Census Bureau report, nearly 20 percent of families in Oregon rely on SNAP. Unfortu-nately, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act would slash more than $23 billion in SNAP benefits, removing food from the tables of tens of thou-sands of hungry Oregonians, and an esti-mated one million households nationwide. Additionally, because SNAP is tied to eligi-bility for federal school meal programs, this bill would cut access to free school meals for an estimated 265,000 low-income children each year. This cruel and needless policy will result in additional hunger. Children need nutrition to learn and thrive and succeed in school, and hungry children are more likely to stay trapped in poverty. Under current law, able-bodied adults be-tween the ages of 18 and 49, without depend-ents, are only eligible to receive SNAP bene-fits for three months every three years, unless they are employed or in training for at least 20 hours per week. This bill would expand these requirements, harming many older low-income Americans and ignoring the caregiving respon-sibilities and other barriers to employment that many people face. SNAP provides some of our most vulnerable populations with access to affordable food; it is not and should not be a workforce training program. The bill would also eliminate the ‘‘Heat and Eat’’ program, which allows Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) participants to receive a modest standard al-lowance so families do not need to choose be-tween paying their energy bills and having ac-cess to food. These cuts would threaten many families, children, and seniors in Oregon and across the country. The Farm Bill should provide support for farmers and ranchers who are struggling to make ends meet because of low market prices for goods, high production costs, and signifi-cant market uncertainty. This is especially im-portant in light of the trade disruptions and tar-iff tit-for-tat initiated by the current Administra-tion. Unfortunately, the Agriculture and Nutri-tion Act would fail to raise reference prices for most traditional crops to address the contin-ued decline in farm income, limiting support for those who need it the most. Northwest Oregon is home to many organic and specialty crop farmers, and I am dis-appointed that this bill did not increase funding for Specialty Crop Research Initiative and Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, pro-grams that help a wide variety of food pro-ducers such as blueberry and hazelnut farms, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.019 E18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE691 May 18, 2018 
as well as vineyards producing world-re-nowned wines. The bill also neglected to in-crease funding for research into organic farm-ing practices, an area that has demonstrated tremendous growth and that harbors further potential. Our state exports a large majority of its agri-cultural products. Even with market uncertainty as a result of inconsistent messages and a changing narrative from the Administration, this bill failed to increase funding for the Mar-ket Access Program, the Foreign Market De-velopment Program, and the Emerging Mar-kets Program. The bill also eliminates the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program, which supports robust local produc-tion and purchasing. The bill also included troublesome language that would prohibit states from establishing standards and conditions on agricultural prod-ucts sold within their borders. This could pre-empt several state laws in Oregon related to labeling malt beverages as beer, prohibiting the sale and possession of shark fins, and prohibiting retaliatory discrimination in farm worker camps. Oregonians should have the right to implement standards around labeling and animal welfare and avoid purchasing out of state products that fail to comply. Farmers are natural stewards of the land and have direct experience with conserving natural resources. The Farm Bill should sup-port those efforts, but it eliminates the Con-servation Stewardship Program, slashing $795 million in conservation funding. The bill would also remove a requirement that the Environ-mental Protection Agency consult with wildlife services to protect endangered species, fish, and wildlife from harmful pesticides. Further, it would reduce funding needed to maintain the integrity of the National Organic Program and eliminate existing bioenergy and renewable programs that support farmers, ranchers, and rural businesses. Finally, I am disappointed that my bipartisan amendment to legalize industrial hemp and define it as an agricultural commodity was not allowed to come to the floor for a vote. Amer-ican farmers have been growing hemp since the country was founded, and hemp products account for more than $680 million in annual domestic sales. Thirty four states have legal-ized hemp production, and legalizing it at the federal level would bolster our economy and allow farmers and universities to continue re-searching and cultivating the crop. I will con-tinue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance federal policies that support the hemp industry. This bill fails to support hard-working farm-ers and takes away food assistance from the most vulnerable. We must do better for our constituents. I am unable to vote in favor of in-creasing hunger and harming local farmers, and I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. 
f 
DESTINY SKATTUM 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Destiny Skattum for receiving the Adams County May-ors and Commissioners Youth Award. Destiny Skattum received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Destiny Skattum is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Des-tiny Skattum for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. MARK FOX 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BURGESS . Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the work of Mr. Mark Fox and congratu-late him on his assignment as the new Mete-orologist in Charge of the National Weather Service (NWS) Forecast Office in Amarillo, Texas. His expertise and wit will be greatly missed by North Texans. Mr. Fox is leaving his current position as the Warning & Coordination Meteorologist (WCM) for the NWS Forecast Office in Fort Worth, a position he has held since 2009. Previously, he worked for a decade as a broadcast mete-orologist before joining the NWS in 1999. He earned his degree in Meteorology from the University of Oklahoma in 1989. As the WCM for the Dallas-Fort Worth area, Mr. Fox has fostered dynamic partnerships be-tween the NWS and broadcast meteorologists, emergency management coordinators, elected officials, and the public. One of his primary re-sponsibilities is to oversee the Weather Fore-cast Office’s public awareness program to educate the public on severe weather. Since 2012, he has led the North Texas Integrated Warning Team, bringing professionals and emergency managers together to serve our community. In addition to analyzing data and predicting weather conditions, Mr. Fox’s work takes him out into the field as he leads Weather & Flood Disaster Survey Teams to assess property damage after severe weather and determine what factors occurred during the weather event. He has been instrumental in introducing the Collaborative Adaptive Sensing of the At-mosphere (CASA) radar to North Texas, and utilizing the data collected as one of the im-portant tools that the NWS utilizes. He is the public face of the local NWS office and has delivered hundreds of storm spotter classes and briefings across the forty-six-counties cov-ered by the NWS Fort Worth office. Mr. Fox has been a guest presenter several times at my annual Emergency Preparedness Summit, and he regularly addresses both The Texas Severe Storms Association’s annual National Storm Conference and the Texas De-partment of Emergency Management annual conference. He also is an active member of the North Texas Chapter of the American Me-teorological Society. It is my great privilege to recognize Mr. Mark Fox, Warning & Coordination Meteorolo-gist at the National Weather Service, for his commitment to the meteorological profession, his sincere dedication to the safety and well- being of his fellow North Texans, and his many years of exemplary public service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.022 E18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D551 Friday, May 18, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, May 21, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 pub-lic bills, H.R. 8, 5874–5886; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 904 were introduced.
                                    Page H4242 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H4243 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 299, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Re-public of Vietnam, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–680); H.R. 1972, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to waive the requirement of certain veterans to make copayments for hospital care and medical services in the case of an error by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–681); H.R. 2147, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to jus-tice-involved veterans, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–682); H.R. 3642, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to carry out a pilot program to improve the ac-cess to private health care for veterans who are sur-vivors of military sexual trauma, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–683); H.R. 3832, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the executive director of a national network of State-based prescription monitoring programs under which Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers shall query such network, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–684); H.R. 4334, to provide for certain reporting re-quirements relating to medical care for women vet-erans provided by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs and through contracts entered into by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs with non-Department medical providers, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–685); H.R. 4451, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to pro-vide clarification regarding eligibility for services under such programs, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–686); H.R. 4635, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to increase the number of peer-to-peer coun-selors providing counseling for women veterans, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–687); H.R. 4958, to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of de-pendency and indemnity compensation for the sur-vivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–688); H.R. 5044, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the treatment of certain surviving spouses under the contracting goals and preferences of the Department of Veterans Affairs (H. Rept. 115–689); and H.R. 5520, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use the authority of the Secretary to con-duct and support research on the efficacy and safety 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY8.REC D18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD552 May 18, 2018 
of medicinal cannabis, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–690).
       Pages H4241–42 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 163 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 206. 
                                                                      Pages H4211, H4233–34 
Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018: The House failed to pass H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, by a yea-and-nay vote of 198 yeas to 213 nays, Roll No. 205.
            Pages H4213–26, H4226–33 
Rejected the Sean Patrick Maloney (NY) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Agri-culture with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a re-corded vote of 183 ayes to 226 noes, Roll No. 204. 
                                                                                    Pages H4230–32 
Agreed to: Pearce amendment (No. 21 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that establishes a pilot program to dem-onstrate effective tools and techniques for safe-guarding national forests and watersheds; 
                                                                                    Pages H4213–15 
Stefanik amendment (No. 22 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that prioritizes grants for forest restoration under the Competitive Forestry, Natural Resources, and Environmental Grants Program;
       Pages H4215–16 
Faso amendment (No. 23 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that improves cooperation with the Forest Service to intercept tree and wood pests and would require a report on the interception of forest pests; 
                                                                                    Pages H4216–17 
Costello (PA) amendment (No. 26 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that directs the Secretary to des-ignate, among existing USDA staff, a Beginning Farmer and Rancher (BFR) Coordinator in each state, without associated cost;
                                  Pages H4219–20 
Noem amendment (No. 27 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that creates a new initiative to allow the United States Department of Agriculture to match funds invested in educational programs or services for Indians;
                                                            Pages H4220–21 
Johnson (LA) amendment (No. 29 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that requires the Secretary to con-sider the totality of conservation measures already in place, or proposed, to mitigate species or habitat loss when determining whether Federal action is likely to jeopardize either;
                                                Pages H4223–24 
Hollingsworth amendment (No. 30 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that allows the Secretary of the Inte-rior, in conjunction with the Director of the US Fish and Wildlife Service, to issue depredation permits to livestock farmers authorizing the taking of black vultures otherwise prohibited by law to prevent damage to livestock during calving season;                                                                                     Pages H4224–25 
Roskam amendment (No. 28 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that strengthens prohibitions against ani-mal fighting by ensuring the law applies to all US territories (by a recorded vote of 359 ayes to 51 noes, Roll No. 202); and
           Pages H4221–23, H4228–29 
Banks (IN) amendment (No. 31 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that repeals the final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37053 (June 29, 2015)) (by a recorded vote of 238 ayes to 173 noes, Roll No. 203).
             Pages H4225–26, H4226–27, H4229–30 
Rejected: Russell amendment (No. 17 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that was debated on May 17th that sought to amend the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 to prohibit the Department of Agriculture (USDA) from awarding value-added agricultural product market development grants to support the marketing of beer, wine, distilled spirits, hard cider, or other alcohol products; the amendment also re-scinds $8 million of the unobligated funds that were previously provided to USDA for grants (by a re-corded vote of 54 ayes to 356 noes, Roll No. 200); and
                                                                            Pages H4227–28 
Massie amendment (No. 25 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that sought to prohibit federal interference with the interstate traffic of unpasteurized milk and milk products between States that allow the dis-tribution of unpasteurized milk or milk products for direct human consumption (by a recorded vote of 79 ayes to 331 noes, Roll No. 201). 
                                                                      Pages H4217–19, H4228 
Representative Ryan (WI) moved that the House reconsider the vote on passage of the bill. Subse-quently, proceedings on the motion were postponed. 
                                                                                            Page H4233 
H. Res. 900, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2) was agreed to yester-day, May 17th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, May 21st for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                             Page H4234 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to the sta-bilization of Iraq is to continue in effect beyond May 22, 2018—referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–128). 
                                                                                    Pages H4235–36 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY8.REC D18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D553 May 18, 2018 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and six recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4227–28, H4228, H4228–29, H4229–30, H4232, H4232–33, and H4233–34. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:16 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a hearing on H.R. 2278, the ‘‘Re-sponsible Disposal Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2389, to reauthorize the West Valley dem-onstration project and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from Representative Reed; Mark Gilbert-son, Associate Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Regulatory and Policy Affairs, Office of Environ-mental Management, Department of Energy; and Noah C. Shaw, General Counsel and Secretary, New York State Energy Research and Development Au-thority. DISRUPTER SERIES: QUANTUM COMPUTING Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Quantum Com-puting’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ACCOUNTABILITY FOR OPEC: THE ‘NO OIL PRODUCING AND EXPORTING CARTELS ACT’ Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Accountability for OPEC: H.R. ll, the ‘No Oil Producing and Exporting Cartels Act’ ’’. Testimony was heard from Phillip Brown, Specialist in Energy Policy, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress; and public witnesses. PROGRESS REPORT ON THE 2020 CENSUS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee concluded a hearing entitled ‘‘Progress Report on the 2020 Census’’. Testimony was heard from John M. Gore, Acting Assistant Attorney Gen-eral, Civil Rights Division, Department of Justice. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, MAY 21, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland, closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 5 p.m., SR–232A. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on S. 2155, the ‘‘Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act’’; S. 204, the ‘‘Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’ [General Debate], 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY8.REC D18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD554 May 18, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, May 21 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. (The filing deadline for first-degree amendments to the House Message to accompany S. 2372, Veterans Cemetery Benefit Cor-rection Act, is at 5 p.m.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, May 21 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bergman, Jack, Mich., E687 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E683, E684, E688 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E690 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E687 Brat, Dave, Va., E681 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E683, E685, E691 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E682, E683 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E684, E687, E688 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E690 Faso, John J., N.Y., E683, E686 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E681 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E686 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E689 Katko, John, N.Y., E681 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E689 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E685, E686, E687, E687, E688, E688, E689, E689, E690, E691 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E685 Roe, David P., Tenn., E683 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E684 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E689 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E682 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E681 Titus, Dina, Nev., E690 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E689 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E688 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D18MY8.REC D18MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST