Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2953 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 4, 2018 No. 91 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, June 5, 2018, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , JUNE4, 2018 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
ONI E
RNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, we thank You that al-though we plan our course, You deter-mine the success of our journey. We praise You for the many amazing gifts You provide for our pilgrimage. Lord, inspire our lawmakers to com-mit their plans to You, trusting the un-folding of Your loving providence. May they not depend only on persistent self- reliance, but draw upon the super-natural strength and wisdom You de-sire to give them. Today, fill this Chamber with Your presence and power. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 4, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ONIERNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. ERNST thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, the Senate will begin this week by vot-ing on three more of the President’s well-qualified nominees for the Federal judiciary. First on the slate is Magistrate Judge Robert Wier, selected by Presi-dent Trump to serve as a district judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky. Judge Wier’s sterling credentials and the support he enjoys from the legal community suggest that he will excel on the Federal bench. He graduated at the top of his class at the University of Kentucky, followed by a successful ca-reer in private practice. In 2006, he be-came a magistrate judge. In 2014, his colleagues unanimously reappointed him to a second term. Judge Wier has the intellect, skill, and experience to take on this role. I will proudly vote to advance his nomi-nation later today. Following Judge Wier, we will con-sider Fernando Rodriguez for the Southern District of Texas and Annemarie Axon for the Northern Dis-trict of Alabama. In each case, the Senate’s work will be upholding one of our most central constitutional responsibilities—to con-sider and confirm high-quality can-didates. f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, last week brought another set of en-couraging headlines about our growing economy. In the month of May, the U.S. economy generated 223,000 new jobs. Unemployment has fallen to 3.8 percent, its lowest level since April of 2000. The proportion of American adults who are employed is as high as it has been at any point since the fi-nancial crisis. We know these economic indicators can sometimes be noisy, but consider them alongside all of the other signs we have seen over the past year. Since President Trump was elected alongside a Republican Congress, the number of Americans who say they are optimistic about finding a good job has jumped 25 percentage points, and small business owners report in record numbers that they are optimistic about the prospects of hiring new employees. The bottom line is clear: Under the policies of this unified Republican gov-ernment, American workers, families, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.000 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2954 June 4, 2018 
and business owners are achieving eco-nomic growth that is unmatched in re-cent memory. It is driven by a 21st cen-tury tax code that lets Americans keep more of their own money and encour-ages job creators to invest in our Na-tion’s workers. It is made possible by historic regu-latory reform, which has leveled the playing field for American consumers and small businesses. From farmers and ranchers to community bankers, the burdens of an out-of-control regu-latory state are being lifted. So after a decade of stagnation, Re-publican policies have gotten Wash-ington out of the way and freed Amer-ican workers and job creators to do what they do best—build a dynamic economy that is literally the envy of the world. But as impressive as some of these statistics may be, I think it is impor-tant to keep in mind that these stories are, at the end of the day, human sto-ries. More than 1 million new jobs have been created just since we passed tax reform last December. That is not an abstract number. That is 1 million op-portunities for young workers who are just starting out and need to begin climbing the first rungs of the eco-nomic ladder; for young fathers and mothers who can now leave a position where their pay has stayed flat for a new opening in their industry; or for midcareer professionals who were side-lined by a tough economy and can now suit up and check back in to the game. These aren’t just economic statistics; they are American men and women who have new chances to support their families and build their lives that they simply did not have under the policies of the previous administration. I am glad that we fought and won— and will continue to win—major ac-complishments for the middle-class families we represent. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Robert Earl Wier, of Ken-tucky, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Ken-tucky. Mr. MCCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, this week, we will be taking up the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, which Congress has passed for 57 con-secutive years to support and guide our country’s military. Earlier this month, the Armed Services Committee voted overwhelmingly—25 to 2—to advance this important legislation to the Sen-ate floor, so when I hear people say that there is no bipartisan consensus for anything in Washington these days, I think that is belied by the facts and certainly in this case by our bipartisan commitment to provide that support and guidance for our Nation’s military. According to the Department of De-fense, there are 1.8 million Americans around the world on Active Duty in the U.S. military. The United States has 737 installations overseas, and the DOD—the Department of Defense—is the world’s largest employer. Sup-porting all these people and the facili-ties they occupy is a Herculean task, and the Defense authorization bill is one very significant way that we do just that. It is how we make sure that all of our American servicemembers are trained, equipped, and paid and that our alliances are strengthened and our military facilities are properly modernized and maintained. We have an All-Volunteer military, and it is im-portant for us to do all of these things in terms of quality of life, in addition to the basics, to prepare our warriors for hopefully an avoidable fight, but when it is unavoidable, to prepare them for that conflict. In Texas, there are roughly 200,000 military men and women stationed in places like Fort Hood, Joint Base San Antonio, the Red River Army Depot, and Ellington Field. These are the peo-ple I think about as we take up this Defense authorization bill. They rely on us to deliver what we have asked them to do, to give them the tools, the equipment, and the training to do what we have asked them to do. That goal is increasingly difficult because the world is a very complex and dangerous place. The array of national security threats facing the United States is more com-plex and diverse than at any time since World War II. Our leadership at the Pentagon says that the strategic envi-ronment has not been this competitive since the Cold War. Simply put, Amer-ica no longer enjoys the competitive edge it once had over our competitors and adversaries. Secretary Mattis and the Depart-ment of Defense have admirably craft-ed the national defense strategy that was delivered to Congress earlier this year laying out its strategic goal. This was a critical first step, but now the strategy must be implemented. The De-fense authorization bill will align that strategy with the resources necessary to implement it—the investments, the policies, the authorizations—with the new orientation articulated in that strategy. The Secretary of Defense will re-evaluate the highest priority missions for the Department of Defense, the roles of the joint force, as well as the capabilities required to complete these missions. All told, in its current form, the De-fense authorization will support $716 billion for our national defense. To those who would think that the price is too high, I would say there is no op-tion. There is no nation in the world that is as capable of keeping the peace and deterring aggressors around the world. In fact, the No. 1 responsibility of the Federal Government is to pro-vide for our common defense. All of the rights that we enjoy in this great country of ours flow from the freedoms that are protected by our men and women in uniform. We have seen what has happened in the last few years when America has receded and retreated from its leadership role. We don’t have to fight all of these fights on our own. As General Mattis says, it is appropriate for Americans to fight by, with, and through our allies, which is the strategy we are using now rather than placing boots on the ground in many of these locations. One important piece of the bill is bol-stering recruitment, retention, and ef-fectiveness of our Armed Forces. A second important piece that was included in the committee markup of the NDAA is legislation I introduced called the Children of the Military Pro-tection Act. This will close a jurisdic-tional loophole affecting military in-stallations when minors commit crimi-nal offenses on base. Because it is a military base, the Federal Government has the jurisdiction, but frequently Federal prosecutors don’t have the time or the resources to prosecute the cases, so they fall through the cracks. This legislation will allow Federal prosecutors to relinquish jurisdiction to the State in these instances, allow-ing State-level authorities to take up the case when the Federal Govern-ment’s other responsibilities and finite resources prevent it from being able to do so. I am proud to join with Senator K
ING, the junior Senator from Maine, in this effort. This is a bipartisan pri-ority that Members on both sides of the aisle should rally behind. Our chil-dren on our military bases must be pro-tected at all costs. When they are as-saulted, their assailant should not es-cape justice because of loopholes in the law. Although the Federal Government maintains jurisdiction over military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.001 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2955 June 4, 2018 
bases, as I have said, unfortunately, it does not always assert its prosecutorial authority. Historically, Federal pros-ecutors have pursued roughly 15 per-cent of juvenile sex offense cases, and that is clearly not enough. We have to address this black hole for juvenile jus-tice. We have to give local prosecutors the authority they need to go after these cases on our bases with the agreement of the Federal authorities. I look forward to my legislation being a part of the NDAA when we vote on it perhaps as soon as next week. There is one final aspect of the De-fense authorization bill I would like to touch on, and it involves how we ad-dress future threats to our national se-curity. I have spoken quite a bit on the floor about the threat China poses to the United States, and they are not even coy about it. They have told us what their plan is. Their plan is to grow their economy and to grow their mili-tary in a way that dwarfs the power and economy of the United States. Let me talk a little bit about the threat. I have spoken about that threat, but let me quote the chairman of the House Armed Services Com-mittee, who recently said that it is ‘‘in the Indo-Pacific region [where] the United States faces a near-term bellig-erent threat armed with nuclear weap-ons and also a longer-term strategic competitor.’’ Of course, my friend Con-gressman M
ACTHORNBERRY is talking about China, ‘‘the competitor,’’ and the ‘‘belligerent threat’’ he identified was North Korea. That is why this year’s Defense au-thorization bill, among other goals, prioritizes military readiness in the re-gion and strengthens our key partner-ships there. It promotes security and stability in the Indo-Pacific through exercises with our allies and supports improving Taiwan’s defense capabili-ties. Even more important, the Defense authorization bill will include legisla-tion I coauthored, along with the sen-ior Senator from California Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , known as the Foreign Invest-ment Risk Review Modernization Act, or FIRRMA. This legislation will allow us to bet-ter intercept threats to our national security posed by China when its com-panies masquerade as normal corporate actors, but, in fact, they are an arm of the Communist Party and the leader-ship in that country. As has been well documented, China is intent upon, No. 1, stealing our intel-lectual property, and when they can’t do that, strategically investing to get access to both the intellectual property and the know-how to be able to take advantage of all the research and de-velopment expenditures we have made in our country and to short circuit that in developing their equivalent. Our leg-islation will modernize the review process of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and ensure that we are better protected from these sophisticated threats and help us maintain our technological edge in the national defense realm, but, as I said earlier, the Defense authoriza-tion bill is important for reasons that hit much closer to home. In years past, this bill has authorized needed improvements at our military facilities. It has given our troops a much needed and much deserved pay raise and updated advanced aircraft, ships, and ground vehicles. These, too, have implications in all of our States, and Texas is no exception. So when I vote on the Defense au-thorization bill, I will be thinking about servicemembers back in my State in addition to all those who serve in remote locations overseas. We need to get the Defense authorization bill across the finish line for them and for our country. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
WELCOMING EVERYONE BACK  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, first, let me welcome you and all of my colleagues back from another produc-tive State work period. I traveled a good deal around my State, spoke at a bunch of graduations, and found it fun and productive. I learned a lot. I am glad to be back but glad we were out in our States. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
First, Madam President, let me ad-dress the President’s recent comments on the Russia probe, then our negotia-tions with North Korea, and then healthcare. This morning, the President tweeted that he has the ‘‘absolute right’’ to pardon himself and that the appoint-ment of the special counsel is totally unconstitutional. President Trump, you went 0 for 2 on the Constitution this morning. First, of course no President has the power to pardon himself or herself. If they did, the Presidency would func-tion above and outside the law, counter to the very founding principles of our country. We don’t have a king. We are a nation of laws, not men. That is why the Founding Fathers created America; they didn’t like the monarchy. But if a President can pardon himself, it is vir-tually a monarchy, at least as far as the President is concerned. If Presi-dents had the power to pardon them-selves, we would no longer be a democ-racy. As the Department of Justice legal counsel wrote 4 days before Nixon re-signed, ‘‘Under the fundamental rule that no one may be a judge in his own case, the President cannot pardon him-self.’’ This is virtually indisputable. Does the President get to choose what he can pardon himself over— theft, murder, who knows? The Presi-dent does not have the right to pardon himself. That is for sure. Second, of course the appointment of the special counsel is constitutional. Never mind the fact that President Trump’s own Republican appointees made the appointment of the special counsel; this is far from the first spe-cial counsel to investigate a serious matter concerning the President. Again, if the President were beyond the reproach of any investigation, there would be no check on the President’s conduct. The President could engage in rife corruption and self-dealing without consequence. Surely, that is not what our constitutional system envisions. That is not the structure of America that the Founding Fathers set up and that we have followed for more than 200 years. The President’s tweets are silly, far-cical, and even absurd. They are not legal arguments to be treated seri-ously. Rather, they seem to reveal in-creasing desperation on the part of the President. President Trump has esca-lated his criticism of the Russia probe from smearing the special counsel and his team and hawking outrageous con-spiracy theories to attacking the very legal architecture of our country. Special Counsel Mueller has already issued more than a dozen indictments. He has secured several guilty pleas from top Trump campaign officials. The probe is not only legitimate; it is finding violations of the law on the part of the Trump campaign and oth-ers. As wrong as President Trump was in his tweets this morning, you have to wonder, why is he asserting his right to pardon himself? Why is he questioning the constitutionality of an investiga-tion in the first place? For a man who constantly proclaims his innocence, President Trump is doing an awfully good impersonation of someone who be-lieves he has something to hide. It is hard to think of another explanation for the increasingly ridiculous and far- fetched legal theories peddled by the President and his lawyers. The pundits and the analysts in the media are debating whether it makes smart, strategic sense for President Trump to sit down for an interview with the special counsel. They are ask-ing the wrong question. The Presi-dent’s strategy and political interests shouldn’t be the basis for whether he sits down with the special counsel. If the special counsel requests an interview with the President as part of his investigation, the President should agree to provide testimony. If Presi-dent Trump has done nothing wrong, as he so often and so loudly claims, he should have nothing to fear by sitting down with the special counsel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.002 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2956 June 4, 2018 
NORTH KOREA  
On another matter, Madam Presi-dent, North Korea, over the last few weeks, we have seen an on-again, off- again routine from the Trump adminis-tration when it comes to the potential summit between President Trump and Kim Jong Un. Now that the meeting will seemingly proceed as planned, we want to make sure that the President’s desire for a deal with North Korea doesn’t saddle the United States, Japan, and South Korea with a bad deal. We are all hoping the President suc-ceeds. We are all rooting for peace. We very much hope he will be able to achieve a strong and enduring agree-ment because the danger of a nuclear- armed, ICBM-equipped North Korea is very, very real to the United States. But the President needs to be willing to take time to construct a good deal, and if he finds that one is not achiev-able, the President must be willing to walk away from the table. In a letter to the President, Senator M
ENENDEZ and I strongly urged the ad-ministration to ensure that any agree-ment with North Korea meets five key principles. First, North Korea must dismantle or remove every single one of its nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons. Second, North Korea must end the production and enrichment of uranium and plutonium for military purposes and permanently dismantle its nuclear weapons infrastructure. That means test sites, all nuclear weapons research and development facilities, and enrich-ment facilities have to be destroyed. Third, North Korea must continue to suspend all ballistic missile tests. Fourth, North Korea must commit to anytime, anywhere inspections for both its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, including all nondeclared, suspicious sites. If inspectors reveal any violation, we must be permitted to implement snapback sanctions. Lastly, any agreement between the United States and North Korea must be permanent. If President Trump meets with Kim Jong Un and reaches a deal that meets these principles, he will have made the world a much safer place. But if he tries to reach a deal with Kim Jong Un just for the sake of reaching a deal, and if the agreement fails to live up to the principles we have laid out, then he will have been bested at the negoti-ating table yet again. These five principles are the lens through which Senate Democrats will evaluate any deal with North Korea. If the deal doesn’t live up to these stand-ards, then the President should not ex-pect Democratic support in the Senate if he tries to lift sanctions to imple-ment an agreement. 
HEALTHCARE  
Finally, Madam President, on healthcare, today, health insurers in the State of Washington proposed an average rate increase of 19 percent. In my home State of New York, insurers are requesting an increase of 24 per-cent, half of which they said is due to the Republicans’ repeal of the healthcare coverage requirement. Following rate increases in Virginia, Maryland, Vermont, and Oregon, these increases confirm what we already know to be a trend: The policies of the Trump administration and congres-sional Republicans are driving up healthcare costs for millions of Ameri-cans. President Trump promised the Amer-ican people that healthcare would be ‘‘far less expensive and far better’’ but once again has failed to deliver. In-stead of ‘‘far less expensive and far bet-ter,’’ Americans have gotten health coverage that is far more expensive and will be far worse, and it is a direct re-sult of Republican policies and Presi-dent Trump’s actions. President Trump has deliberately sowed major uncertainty in the mar-ketplace. He will start offering ex-panded junk insurance plans, and con-gressional Republicans repealed the coverage requirement in their tax bill. Each of those actions, taken sepa-rately, have destabilized our healthcare system. Taken together, these policies are causing chaos, sky-rocketing rates, and the return of dark days in which people with preexisting conditions faced higher premiums, de-nied care, and medical bankruptcy. On healthcare, as on many issues, President Trump made bold promises but has failed to deliver the results that middle-class Americans need and expect. On healthcare, he has swung at the ball and struck out. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ‘‘GASPEE ’’ DAYS  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, the night spanning June 9 and 10 marks the anniversary of a key chapter in American history—one whose first shots spurred our Nation on toward independence from Britain, yet one that remains unfamiliar to most Amer-icans today, which is why I come here each year to tell the tale of the Gaspee Raiders. I encourage my colleagues and all students of history to explore this chapter in more depth, in histories such as ‘‘An Empire on the Edge’’ by Nick Bunker or ‘‘The Burning of Her Majesty’s Schooner Gaspee: An Attack on Crown Rule Before the American Revolution’’ by Steven Park. Here is the tale in brief form. It is 1772. Tensions between England and the Colonies have grown increas-ingly strained. Rhode Island is a sea-faring, trading colony, without much regard for His Majesty’s taxes. King George III stations the revenue cutter HMS Gaspee under the command of Lieutenant William Dudingston, in Rhode Island waters. The Gaspee’s mis-sion: to interdict smuggled goods and enforce the payment of the Crown’s taxes. Lieutenant Dudingston was an arro-gant sort, who quickly became infa-mous for destroying fishing vessels, seizing cargo, and flagging down ships only to harass, humiliate, and interro-gate the colonial sailors. According to Gabriel Weis in his 1916 ‘‘Guide to New-port, Rhode Island,’’ ‘‘This unprinci-pled ruffian had ruthlessly ravaged the Rhode Island coast for several months, destroying unoffending fishing vessels and confiscating everything he could lay hands on.’’ Rhode Island seamen and traders chafed at the harsh tactics of Dudingston. A number of them deliv-ered a petition seeking relief against the Gaspee to Rhode Island Chief Jus-tice Stephen Hopkins, later a signer of the Declaration of Independence. On this occasion, Hopkins provided a legal opinion saying that British officers were obliged to present their orders and commission to Rhode Island’s Gov-ernor before entering local waters, as-serting a measure of colonial sov-ereignty. Dudingston, of course, refused such an impudent notion and threatened to hang any man who tried to oppose the Gaspee. His first mistake, in the winter of 1772, was to seize a sloop named ‘‘Fortune,’’ along with its cargo of rum and sugar, from Nathanael Greene, the wealthy son of a Quaker minister. As Daniel Harrington wrote in the Provi-dence Journal last year, ‘‘the patriotic fervor . . . sweeping the colonies [had] seemed to elude [Nathanael Greene] until Dudingston snagged his Fortune and ignited the righteous spirit of re-sentment that now consumed him.’’ After first suing Dudingston for the return of his ship—and winning—Na-thanael Greene would join the Revolu-tionary cause, ultimately commanding Rhode Island’s army and then rising in General Washington’s ranks to become the commander of the Southern Cam-paign of the Revolutionary War. Dur-ing the war, General Cornwallis wrote to his wife: ‘‘That damned Greene is more dangerous than Washington.’’ Thank you very much, Lieutenant Dudingston, for igniting Nathanael Greene’s righteous spirit. Dudingston’s various provocations continued until they reached the breaking point on June 9, 1772, when he set his sights on the sailing vessel Han-nah, traversing Narragansett Bay from Newport to Providence. The Gaspee or-dered the Hannah to stop and allow a search. On board the Hannah, Captain Benjamin Lindsey refused and contin-ued on his course to Providence, ignor-ing warning shots fired by the Gaspee. Knowing that his Hannah was lighter and had a shallower draft than the Gaspee, Lindsey raced up Narragansett Bay and over the shoals off Pawtuxet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.005 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2957 June 4, 2018 
Cove. The heavier Gaspee kept up its chase of the Hannah but ran aground in the shallow waters off Namquid Point. The Gaspee was stuck fast on the shoal in a falling tide. Captain Lindsey sailed on to Provi-dence and, with the prominent mer-chant John Brown, later the founder of Brown University, rallied local patriots to a meeting at Sabin’s Tavern, in what is now Providence’s East Side. The Rhode Islanders gathered there made a fateful decision. The British Navy was the most pow-erful military force on the planet. The British Crown was the most powerful political force on the planet. The Rhode Islanders had managed to strand one of His Majesty’s vessels, a symbol of their oppression, helpless in an out-going tide. They resolved to attack. In the early moonless hours of June 10, several dozen men—perhaps bene-fiting somewhat from the refreshments of Sabin’s Tavern—led by John Brown and Abraham Whipple, shoved off in longboats from Providence, with black-ened faces and muffled oars, to row through 6 miles of dark waters for the Gaspee. As the boats surrounded the Gaspee, Whipple called out and demanded Lieu-tenant Dudingston surrender his ship. One witness later recounted his de-mand in this form—forgive me for the language involved, but it is historically correct. 
I am the sheriff of the county of Kent, God damn you. I have got a warrant to apprehend you, God damn you; so surrender, God damn you. 
Dudingston refused this polite offer and instead ordered his men to fire upon any men who attempted to board. The determined Rhode Islanders then forced their way aboard the Gaspee, and a struggle ensued. In the melee, Lieu-tenant Dudingston was shot in the groin and arm by musket balls. Gabriel Weis wrote: ‘‘The attack on the ‘Gaspee’ caused the first bloodshed in the struggle for American independ-ence, and was the first resistance to the British Navy.’’ Brown and Whipple’s men soon over-powered the British crew and took con-trol of the ship. Brown ordered one of his Rhode Islanders, a physician named John Mawney, to tend to Dudingston’s wounds. He survived. They transported the captive Englishmen safely to shore and then returned to the abandoned Gaspee for one final act of defiance to the Crown and riddance to the ship: The Rhode Islanders set the Gaspee afire. Now, the Gaspee was a gunship, and gunships store gunpowder, and the gun-powder is kept below decks in a powder magazine. The Gaspee burned until— wham—its powder magazine exploded, blasting into the Rhode Island night what remained of His Majesty’s med-dlesome ship, her debris flying across the blast-lit waters of Narragansett Bay. Word quickly spread of the Rhode Is-landers’ daring raid. The news was spread through pulpits and pamphlets up and down the Colonies, stoking the flames of revolution. The furious King George offered huge rewards for the capture of the insolent rebels. A trial in England was announced, but in char-acteristic, impressive solidarity, not one Rhode Islander would step forward to identify a single one of the raiders. The royal threats broke vainly against the silent solidarity of the Rhode Is-landers. The royal nooses hung empty. The story of the Gaspee is just one part of a daring Rhode Island resistance, stretching across the years and months before the Gaspee incident, into that explosive night on Narragansett Bay, and on throughout the Revolution. His Majesty’s Navy had not heard the last of Abraham Whipple, for instance. In 1775, Abraham Whipple was in com-mand of a small fleet facing off against the British frigate the HMS Rose. The captain of the British ship sent a men-acing and accusatory note to Captain Whipple: From Captain Sir James Wallace of the Rose: You, Abraham Whipple, on the 10th of June 1772, burned His Majesty’s vessel, the Gaspee, and I will hang you at the yard-arm.—James Wallace. 
To which note Whipple replied with acerbic brevity: 
To Sir James Wallace, Sir: Always catch a man before you hang him.—Abraham Whipple. 
By the way, Rhode Islander John Millar, two centuries later built a rep-lica of the HMS Rose which obtained a starring role in the movie ‘‘Master and Commander’’ as Captain Aubrey’s war-ship, the Surprise. Rhode Island is proud of our role in sparking our Revolution. We have made a tradition of celebrating the Gaspee incident with our annual Gaspee Days celebration and parade in War-wick, just ashore of where the Gaspee was led aground. This year, the Rhode Island State Ar-chives is staging a new exhibit called ‘‘Gaspee Raiders: Pirates or Patriots.’’ King George was pretty clear about which, but we are pretty clear also about which. There, visitors can learn about the events of June 1772 and even experience the entire Gaspee Affair in virtual reality. Much of the world does not remember the burning of the Gaspee, but we do not forget. Beyond our State borders, most Americans think of other events as catalysts of the Revolutionary War. More than a year after the Gaspee inci-dent, up in Massachusetts, some Bos-ton worthies fortified their courage with strong drink and pushed tea bales off the deck of a British vessel. That is not bad—I guess it ruined the tea—but, personally, I think it is more impres-sive more than a year earlier to have blown up the British ship and shot its captain, but, for whatever reason, the Boston Tea Party is the better known historical event. In fact, many of my colleagues, hav-ing heard me give this speech, tell me they never even heard this story. Maybe it is because Massachusetts had two of our first Presidents, the Adams’ father and son, and they talked it up. Maybe after the war, Rhode Islanders just went home to their farms and boats and businesses while Massachu-setts wrote the early history books. Whatever the reason, the seizing and burning and blowing up the Gaspee de-serves a more prominent place in Revo-lutionary history. We are the State that first enshrined separation of church and State in the New World. Samuel Slater sparked America’s Industrial Revolution with his mill in Pawtucket, and we drew first blood in the fight for American independence that night on Narragan-sett Bay. The Gaspee Affair is not a pe-culiar, drunken anomaly; it is part of a robust and early resistance by a proud colony, now a proud State. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. MORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Robert Earl Wier, of Kentucky, to be United States District Judge for the East-ern District of Kentucky. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, John Kennedy, Johnny Isakson, Jerry Moran, Cory Gardner, John Cornyn, Thom Tillis, James E. Risch, Pat Rob-erts, David Perdue, Mike Rounds, John Thune, Roy Blunt, Richard Burr, Tom Cotton, Jeff Flake. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, of Kentucky, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.009 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2958 June 4, 2018 
from New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 90, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 112 Ex.] YEAS—90 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—1 
Hirono 
NOT VOTING—9 
Coons Duckworth Flake Heinrich McCain Menendez Nelson Shaheen Young 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 90, the nays are 1. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from Ohio. 
VOLCKER RULE  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, last win-ter, this body passed a $1.5 trillion def-icit-financed tax cut for millionaires, for billionaires especially, and for cor-porations that ship jobs overseas. More than 80 percent of the benefits will go to the top 1 percent of the wealthiest people by the end of this decade. Two weeks ago, Congress passed an-other big giveaway to Wall Street, loosening taxpayer protections on big banks that had received a combined $239 billion in taxpayer bailouts. We know Wall Street can never get enough handouts. Too many people in this body, too many people down the hall in the House of Representatives, too many people in the Oval Office, too many people in Washington never get tired of giving these handouts away. From the day President Obama, almost a decade ago, signed Wall Street re-form into law, a top Wall Street lob-byist said that it was halftime, mean-ing the game was not over, and they were going to keep fighting back. Before the ink was dry on his signa-ture, those lobbyists went to work try-ing to undo the rules we put in place to protect taxpayers and consumers. We are seeing the result of that lobbying in Congress, and we are seeing it at the agencies that are supposed to be polic-ing our financial industry. Last week, the Federal Reserve an-nounced proposed changes to what is known as the Volcker rule. We put this rule in place after the crisis to stop big banks from taking big risks with Americans’ money. Those complicated, risky bets were a big reason for the fi-nancial crisis that devastated our econ-omy, cost millions of Americans their jobs, cost millions of Americans much of their savings, and left taxpayers on the hook to clean up Wall Street’s mess. Lehman Brothers invested heavily in toxic mortgage-backed securities, eventually leading to $32 billion in trade losses and the biggest bank-ruptcy in U.S. history. They took bank deposits, putting the U.S. taxpayer on the hook for those losses. Hedge funds sponsored by Bear Stearns, which also took Americans’ individual deposits, suffered massive losses on complex bets based on exotic subprime mortgages. During the crisis, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, and Citigroup also lost big on bets backed by subprime mortgages, and Goldman Sachs had to bail out a hedge fund. Congress instructed the Federal Re-serve to write strict rules to prevent that from ever happening again—to make sure that banks use the taxpayer safety nets to serve their customers, not bet against them. Banks should be in the business of making investments in the real econ-omy, not casino-style trades using fam-ilies’ checking and savings accounts. It took agencies more than 3 years to fi-nalize the Volcker rule, which was completed in 2013 after the consider-ation of thousands upon thousands of public comments. Now they want to undo it all? The rollbacks announced last week would gut core components of the Volcker rule. They would make it easi-er for banks to take speculative bets. The New York Times stated that the balance of power will tip immediately to traders from regulators. It will shift the power from watchdogs to the big banks themselves, from public servants who are looking to protect the public’s interests to executives who are making tens of millions—occasionally, hun-dreds of millions—of dollars in their trading. Instead of establishing strict limits on banks, the proposed rule changes will ask us to trust the banks to guard against risky trades. It says: Go ahead and police yourselves. Yet we know how well that turned out the last time. The rule changes will allow banks to more easily place bets under the guise of so-called hedging. This increases the chances of yet another scandal like the London Whale episodes of 2012 when JPMorgan lost $6 billion in one bad bet. Do we want to make it easier for them to do it again with Americans’ savings accounts? Why weaken the rules now? It is not as if the banks are suffering under this rule. Think about how the banks are doing now. The FDIC re-leased new data last month that banks increased their profits by 13 percent last year, and that is before accounting for the windfall from the tax bill. When you add in the tax bill, banks’ profits went up 28 percent last year on top of the double-digit percent almost every year from 2010 and 2011 and 2012 and 2013 and 2014 and 2015 and 2016 and 2017. The banking sector bought back $77 billion worth of stock last year. Last year, the CEOs of the six largest banks got an average raise of 22 percent. These were CEOs who were already making millions and millions of dol-lars. Keep in mind that the average bank teller in this country makes about $12.50 an hour. Yet the CEOs of these banks—some of them already making $10 million and $20 million a year—got a 22-percent increase. This is not some dying industry that is crying out for help. If anything, it is an industry that needs a more watchful eye. The largest banks paid $240 billion worth of fines 10 years ago after the collapse. Wells Fargo can’t go more than a few months without having a scandal. Deutsche Bank is struggling with poor risk management and inad-equate capital. So why put taxpayers and bank cus-tomers at risk? We have a pretty good idea why. Just take a look who this adminis-tration has put in charge. The White House looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives. We have former OneWest banker Joseph Otting running the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. As if the Volcker rule roll-back were not bad enough, he an-nounced last week that he wants to get banks into the business of financing payday loans. Otting has other plans to gut the Community Reinvestment Act—a 40-year-old law that ensures that banks serve their communities. Fed Vice Chair Randal Quarles re-cently gave a speech, saying that, just as we predicted, the Federal Reserve wants to loosen rules on foreign megabanks—these banks that are in this country, like Deutsche Bank and Santander and some of these big banks—that have, clearly, from time to time, abused the public trust. We are going to loosen the rules that regulate foreign banks in this country? He said last week’s changes to the Volcker rule were just the start. He said it was the first effort to weaken the rule. People like Randal Quarles—people who didn’t spot the crisis the last time they were watchdogs, when they were in government 15 years ago, people who profited off the very crisis they failed to prevent—may have forgotten what these risky bets did to so many fami-lies in this country. Maybe they have succumbed to the collective amnesia that affects more and more people in this town. Families in my State haven’t forgotten. Workers’ savings were wiped out. They watched college 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.023 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2959 June 4, 2018 
accounts and retirement savings shrink and shrink. Hopes and dreams were dashed. Americans can’t afford to go back to the days when Wall Street gambled with their hard-earned money. The cri-sis has cast a long shadow over these families. Today, 4 out of 10 adults can’t afford an emergency expense of $400. If your car breaks down and it costs $500 or $600, you don’t have the money to do that if you are much of the American public. You go to a payday lender who charges you exorbitant interest rates. You go back and go back because you can’t get ahead. One in four renters pays more than 50 percent in income to keep a roof over-head. One in four renters pays 50 per-cent in income or more to keep a roof overhead. One bad thing happens in their lives—a child gets sick; they miss work for a few days; they can’t make payments because they have had bro-ken-down cars. All kinds of things can happen. They can be evicted, and many of them are. More and more workers have irregular schedules and incomes that vary up and down from month to month. It is those Americans we are sent here to serve. It also comes back to whose side you are on. Are you going to stand with hard-working Americans or with risky Wall Street traders? We need to go home and listen a little more to the people we serve and a little less to spe-cial interests. That is how we create an economy that values work and that serves the common good, not by falling all over ourselves in this body to serve Wall Street. 
UNION ORGANIZING  
Mr. President, last week, American workers had a victory. Boeing flight technicians in South Carolina voted to join a union for the first time, giving them a voice in their workplace and the freedom to bargain for the pay and the benefits they have earned. This will make a tremendous difference in the lives of those workers, but we know far too many Americans aren’t so lucky. Tens of millions of Americans have no voice in the workplace, and when they try to organize a union, they are al-most always met with resistance from corporations at every turn. Boeing fought these workers’ efforts tooth and nail. The corporate leaders used every trick in the book to try to prevent these workers from organizing and from standing up and speaking with a collective voice. It took three tries for workers to finally overcome that corporate obstruction. Their fight is not over. Boeing is appealing the re-sults of the election in a last, desperate attempt to silence these workers. For too many workers, hard work doesn’t pay off. They are paid less, and they have little economic security. Corporate profits have gone up. The GDP has gone up. Executive compensa-tion has gone up. Executive salaries have skyrocketed. Workers, simply, haven’t shared in the wealth they have created. More workers have no control over their own schedules. They work odd hours. They have no paid sick leave and no overtime pay. Companies use temporary workers and independent contractors to pay people less for the same work. Workers on the traditional payroll have often seen their wages and benefits stagnate and their job security whittled away. That is what happens when workers have no voice and no power in the workplace. We have to change that because it is not corpora-tions that drive the economy; it is workers. We know it from the way we write tax bills here. When we write a tax bill that focuses on the middle class and gives tax breaks to them, the economy grows because you build the economy up. When we pass a tax cut here, over-whelmingly, it goes to the wealthiest people and the largest corporations. The trickle-down effect creates very, very few jobs. When workers can bar-gain for higher pay and better benefits that reflect the dignity of work that they do, we are all better off. That is how you grow the economy. This victory for Boeing’s workers is a small but important step in the right direction. Now we need to give workers all over this country the same power in their own workplaces. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. LANKFORD ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
IMMIGRATION  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I am coming to the floor tonight to talk about the issue of immigration here in the United States of America. I think all of us are very familiar with the Statue of Liberty—a symbol we know about from the time we begin to talk, a symbol that represents much of the history of our country, where so many of us coming from every corner of the globe have family histories that involve parents or grandparents or great-grandparents or, generations ago, people fleeing persecution from around the world. That welcoming sign—‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free’’—those words inscribed on the base of the Statue of Liberty represent the fact that when it comes to people fleeing persecution, America is a place ready to receive them. This isn’t just something that is woven into the history of our country. It is not just something woven into the DNA of our souls as Americans. It is also woven into our laws—our national laws and our international treaties— for how to treat refugees fleeing perse-cution. It works like this: A family who has been in horrific circumstances can come to the U.S. border and an-nounce that they are fleeing persecu-tion and wish to seek asylum in the United States of America. They are then given a court date to appear to present their case. Their case has to be substantial, it has to be documented, and the court will decide whether it meets the test of whether they are le-gitimately in fear for their lives or for their children’s lives should they re-turn to their homeland overseas. That is the process. But we have a new policy that was announced just in April and amplified in a speech by the Attorney General in May, last month. This new process says that when those families come to the United States fleeing persecution, we are going to proceed to take the chil-dren away from the parents while they are awaiting adjudication—the day to come before a judge to present their case on their affliction abroad. Let me explain this in more signifi-cant terms. Families who have experi-enced trauma abroad are then sub-jected to trauma when they arrive at our border. This is the new policy that Jeff Sessions announced in April and gave a speech about in May. He called it ‘‘zero tolerance’’ because he wanted to put a positive spin because somehow those words carry positive weight. But let me state this: There is nothing positive about subjecting children to trauma who are fleeing trauma abroad. It is un-American. It is inhumane. It is absolutely in every moral sense wrong, and the administration knows it. They first started debating this pol-icy when the President came into of-fice early last year, in January and February. They held these conversa-tions and decided that it was way inap-propriate for America to treat children in this fashion, subject these children fleeing persecution to trauma upon ar-rival in the United States of America, so they put it on hold for the better part of a year. Then last summer they decided they would experiment with it and have a pilot project. So at a few lo-cations, they started this process of taking a family seeking asylum and ripping the children out of their par-ents’ arms and sending them off to who knows where. The children didn’t know where, the parents didn’t know where, and the American people didn’t know where, because when stories started to come up about this, the administration denied it was happening. More and more stories started com-ing out. Then the administration said: We have a policy of, in some cases, tak-ing children away from their parents in order to protect them from smugglers. Now, I ask, does that make any sense to anyone? A family here in the United States, a family who is together—the children have the stability and secu-rity of being with their parents. They are no longer abroad. They are no longer in danger of a smuggler grab-bing them or kidnapping them. And the administration says: We are protecting the kids from smugglers by ripping them away from their parents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.015 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2960 June 4, 2018 
It is obviously such an incredibly phony story that no one would believe that story, so the administration start-ed to wrestle with how to present this story. They came up with this zero tol-erance. They really had to explain what they were doing. Here is the idea. They said: We believe that if we impose this kind of affliction on the children and the parents, families won’t come here seeking asylum. So that is what this is about. This is about hurting children in order to dissuade families pursuing their rights under American and international law to ask for asy-lum here in the United States of Amer-ica. This asylum is not granted to just anyone. People have to prove persecu-tion abroad and a huge likely threat of injury, damage, and persecution should they return. So now we have it. This is not a zero- tolerance policy; this is a zero-human-ity policy. When I say that we are subjecting these children to trauma, let me paint the picture for you. A family some-where in the world has stood up to the local drug cartel. The local drug cartel has killed one or two of the members of that family and threatened the rest or gang-raped a daughter in the family and threatened to kill her and then to burn down the family’s house. That is the type of trauma we are talking about. The family says: We have to escape. We will flee. And they know that America has a Statue of Liberty. They know that America has received fami-lies over generations fleeing persecu-tion, that this is in our tradition. These children who have already been through so much knock on our door. They probably left their home-town and their house and just ran as fast as they could to escape before they suffered the injury they feared. They arrive here and they think: Wow, we made it. We made it through the var-ious challenges of fleeing halfway across the world to come to America. Here, we can be treated well, be safe and sound. They know that if they can prove their case, they can get asylum, and they have come to present their case. Then what happens? These children who don’t know our country, who don’t know the language, who don’t know anything about how our systems work, are with their parents, and then up comes an official who says: I am taking the children away. The parents have no knowledge of where they will go. When will they be reunited? They have no knowledge of when they will be re-united. What will happen to my chil-dren? Then the parents and the chil-dren start screaming because they are terrified of being separated. Well, we are putting these children through this trauma. So yesterday I went to Texas to try to see the facili-ties that are involved with this new policy. Specifically, there are two key places. One is operated by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and one is operated by the Department of Health and Human Services. Let’s take a look at Homeland Secu-rity first. I was given permission to visit this facility. I very much appre-ciate being given that permission. This is not a picture that I took because I wasn’t allowed to take in a camera. This isn’t a picture of the facility that I visited, nor is this a recent picture, but I am presenting it here because this is what the big warehouse looked like that I visited. This is a general picture of what I saw. I saw a smaller room—maybe about the size of the Senate Chamber—di-vided into a series of cages. Just to give you a rough approximation, these cages may be 15 feet by 15 feet with tons of people jammed in, so that if they all tried to lay down, there wouldn’t be room for them to do so. They have space blankets like the space blankets in this picture. In this room I am describing, there weren’t mattresses, but in this picture, there are. I will get to that in a moment. Some of the women crowded into some of these cages had children in their arms. Others were by themselves. This is a processing facility. Next to this particular room is a much bigger warehouse room that looks more like this—a massive room. It has bigger cages that look like these cages made out of fencing. I think about this one particular cage that I stood next to for a little while that was full of young boys. They were having them line up to prepare to get food. They had them line up by the shortest to the tallest. The littlest tyke must have been about as tall as this desk right here—I don’t know, maybe 4 or 5 years old, something like that, on up through 16 and 17 years old. What you have to realize is that some of these folks arrived as unac-companied minors, but many of them came with their families as they sought asylum, and they had been sep-arated from their parents. Their par-ents might have been in another cage somewhere across this facility, but they wouldn’t necessarily be able to see them. They wouldn’t necessarily be able to know where they are. They cer-tainly didn’t know what was going to happen to them. So that is the processing side of this. After the children are separated, they are sent to a child detention center. That is the second step. Let me go to another picture. I was standing here yesterday in front of a former Walmart. Above up where the Walmart sign would be, it instead says ‘‘Southwest Key Program.’’ Then it says ‘‘Casa Padre.’’ There is irony in that name, ‘‘Casa Padre.’’ ‘‘Casa’’ means ‘‘house’’ in Spanish. ‘‘Padre’’ means ‘‘father,’’ but there are no fa-thers there. There are no parents there—or so we are told; I wasn’t able to get inside to see. My team had contacted the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services and asked permission to visit, just as my team had contacted the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to visit the processing center. The processing cen-ter said yes. This detention center for children said no. I thought, well, you know, as long as I am down in the vi-cinity, I am going to go by and just ask again because why would a facility want to have a policy of preventing Members of Congress from seeing what is going on inside? My understanding is that everyone has been turned down as far as seeing what is inside of this building. It is reported that there are 1,000 children inside this Walmart without their parents. I think the American people have a right to know what is being done with their taxpayer dollars in treating children. Maybe if you go inside, you would see very clean mat-tresses and children playing games. It is a reputable nonprofit, as I under-stand it, that is operating this place. But what are the stories behind those children, and how long are those chil-dren there before they are shipped somewhere across the country to a fos-ter home? They have no idea where they are going. They have no idea how they will be treated. They have no idea when they will see their parents again. This is significant, unnecessary trau-ma being inflicted on children, and it is wrong. For the Trump administration to try to keep what is going on inside here a secret is unacceptable. Members of Congress need to be able to visit— not with 2 and 3 weeks’ notice so the children can be shipped out and maybe the place can be cleaned up. You should have some chance to visit to see what it really looks like. How are the chil-dren really being treated? When it is rearranged, it can give you a false im-pression. Members of Congress need to be able to talk to the children, to hear their stories to understand what they are going through. So I am calling on the administration to end this secrecy at these child detention centers. Appar-ently, there are a number of these across the country, but we don’t even have that information. We don’t know for sure how many children are in this former Walmart. We are told there are approximately 1,000. Here is one thing we know: We know, because the Department of Homeland Security told us this, that they sepa-rated 658 children from their parents at processing facilities in a 12-day period in May. That is over 50 times a day that children are being ripped out of the hands of their parents, producing enormous trauma—and trauma not just for the child but trauma for the parent. I am a parent. I have two children. They are no longer small tykes, but I can only imagine having escaped hor-rors overseas and then coming and hav-ing my children torn away from me, out of my arms, having my children snatched by an unknown force and sent to an unknown place. It is important for Members of Con-gress, on reasonably short notice, to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.016 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2961 June 4, 2018 
able to see what is going on in this building. So I knocked. There was a sign up here. This is probably what ap-pears in this picture. It says: If you want to go inside, call this number. I asked people coming out: Can I come in and talk to a supervisor? They pointed to this sign. I called up, and they said they would send out a supervisor to talk to me. I waited 10 minutes and called again. They again said a super-visor would come out. I waited, and a supervisor did come out, but he didn’t want to talk to me, he wanted to talk to the policemen he called. Cop cars pulled up. He explained to the cops that he didn’t want me on the property. I explained that when I had called, they said the supervisor would be happy to talk to me. I had been waiting for him, and in that sense, it was an invitation to be there. I pointed out that nobody asked me to leave the property, but that invitation to leave the property came soon enough there-after. Clearly the supervisor is under in-structions not to share anything about how many children there are or about what is going on inside or any kind of activity. This is coming from the high-est levels. When I was at the processing center, they told me that they were simply doing what they are being or-dered to do from DC. So there it is. The Attorney General and the President have created a new policy—a policy we have never seen in the United States of America of abus-ing children, causing trauma to chil-dren as a way to dissuade people from actually exercising their rights under our laws and under international laws to present their case for asylum. Here are the policemen coming to talk to me. Here is the supervisor sug-gesting to them that perhaps he didn’t want to have a conversation with a Senator trying to understand what was going on inside. We have had various cases in our his-tory of child-snatching. There was an article today in the New York Times that was about child-snatching during slavery, where children were ripped out of the arms of their parents and sold to far-away plantations, never to be seen again. The article went on to talk about child-snatching with Native American Tribes, where children were ripped out of the arms of their parents to be sent off to who-knows-where. It is not an acceptable practice of any kind. It is morally bankrupt. It is harmful. We do not harm children in the United States of America in order to increase our leverage, to dissuade people from asserting their asylum rights and getting an asylum hearing. We do not do this—until now. It is mor-ally bankrupt. It is so beyond wrong that the administration is wrapping it in secrecy, not allowing the press to see it. I am talking about without cam-eras—not something to violate the children’s rights but to see what is going on inside. And they will not allow policymakers to see it. When something is wrapped in secrecy like that, you know it is wrong. The admin-istration knows it is wrong. I call on my fellow Members here in the Senate to make it very clear to the administration that this is unaccept-able. Every Member of this body and the House has every right to visit de-tention centers or any other immigra-tion facility to see what is happening so that we can debate it here. We should hold a hearing in our HELP Committee—Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee—about what is going on with the organization for refugee resettlement and what they are doing detaining these thousands of children. The reported numbers of children de-tained by our government—ripped out of the arms of families seeking asy-lum—have gone up 20 percent in 1 month. Some 10,000-plus children are being held at centers like this, foster homes, other halfway houses, and so forth around this country. We have a responsibility in this Chamber to get to the bottom of what is going on and to put an end to it. Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, at 11 a.m. on Tues-day, June 5, all postcloture time on the Wier nomination be considered expired and the Senate vote on the confirma-tion of the nomination; further, that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid on the table and the President be immediately noti-fied of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HIGH COMMISSIONER FOR HUMAN RIGHTS ZEID RA’AD AL HUSSEIN Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to take a moment to pay tribute to the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein, who some here also know from his service as Jordan’s Permanent Rep-resentative to the United Nations and as Jordan’s Ambassador to the United States. The High Commissioner has held his post since September 1, 2014, and his term will end on August 31, 2018. He has carried out his responsibilities with ex-ceptional courage, compassion, com-mitment, and even humor, qualities that are indispensable for any success-ful U.N. High Commissioner. In so doing, he has been the target of relent-less attacks by government officials who abuse their authority by manipu-lating their countries’ electoral proc-esses and security forces to arrest, im-prison, abuse, and even assassinate their critics, whether independent jour-nalists, members of political opposi-tion parties, or civil society activists. In a speech delivered Tuesday at an international conference marking the 25th anniversary of the Vienna Dec-laration and Programme of Action, adopted on June 25, 2003, in response to the atrocities committed in the former Yugoslavia, the High Commissioner warned that human rights are under siege in many parts of the world, in-cluding Europe. He said, ‘‘This anniversary could be the occasion for a polite celebration of the achievements of my Office over the past two and a half decades—and they are many. But today is not a time for soporific complacency. Human rights are sorely under pressure around the world—no longer a priority: a pariah. The legitimacy of human rights prin-ciples is attacked. The practice of human rights norms is in retreat. Here in Europe, ethno-populist parties are in the ascendant in many countries—fuel-ing hatred and scarring their societies with deepening divisions.’’ No one should be surprised by this. We see the consequences every day, in-cluding in countries that are friends and allies of the United States. Legiti-mate dissent is labeled ‘‘terrorism.’’ Those who defend human rights are themselves maligned and targeted. Dic-tators are feted, and their crimes are ignored. Xenophobia and racism are treated as legitimate responses to do-mestic problems. As the High Commissioner noted, it is incumbent on each of us to defend human rights and to counter those who promote hatred and intolerance. What is the alternative? Despotism. Fascism. Isolationism. Forces and ideologies we have resisted and fought against for generations. We owe it to past and fu-ture generations, as the High Commis-sioner said, ‘‘to stand by our achieve-ments and the advances which have been made.’’ This is not only a moral imperative for upholding the values our country stands for and preserving our international reputation, but a pragmatic necessity for protecting our interests at home and abroad. I want to thank the High Commis-sioner for his extraordinary efforts dur-ing the past 4 extremely challenging years. He has been a tireless, principled defender of universal human rights, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.018 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2962 June 4, 2018 
and in doing so, he has set a high bar for those who follow in his footsteps. I ask unanimous consent that the High Commissioner’s remarks be print-ed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
STATEMENT BY UN H IGHCOMMISSIONER FOR  H
UMAN RIGHTS ZEIDRA’ADALHUSSEIN ON  
THE25THANNIVERSARY OF THE VIENNA DEC-
LARATION  M
INISTER KNEISSL . E
XCELLENCIES , COLLEAGUES , FRIENDS . Twenty five years ago, it was here, in this city of confluence and cultural connection that the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action was adopted—and with its crucial description of human rights as ‘‘universal, indivisible, interdependent and inter-related’’, cut through the artificial division of civil and political rights from rights that are cultural, economic and social. The Cold War had ended, and the first words of the preamble marked a great hope for a new era, with interdependent countries engaging in a common approach to the causes of human suffering: ‘‘Considering that the promotion and pro-tection of human rights is a matter of pri-ority for the international community.’’ It was here that the world unanimously re-affirmed that every refugee from persecution is entitled to asylum, and called for effective protection for all those who are compelled to become migrants. It was here that States urged immediate and strong measures to combat racism, xeno-phobia and religious hatred, and to ensure participation by the poorest people in deci-sion-making. It was here in Vienna that States rec-ommended the creation of the mandate which I am honoured to occupy: the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights. But today we seem to be headed in another direction. Backwards. To a landscape of increasingly strident, zero-sum nationalism, where the jealously guarded short-term interests of in-dividual leaders outweigh the search for so-lutions to our common ills. Backwards, to an era of contempt for the rights of people who have been forced to flee their homes, because the threats they face there are more dan-gerous even than the perils of their voyage. Backwards, to a time of proxy regional and global warfare—a time when military oper-ations could deliberately target civilians and civilian sites such as hospitals, and chemical gases were openly used for military purposes. Backwards, to an era when racists and xenophobes deliberately enflamed hatred and discrimination among the public, while care-fully cloaking themselves in the guise of de-mocracy and the rule of law. Backwards, to an era when women were not permitted to control their own choices and their own bodies. An era when criticism was criminalised, and human rights activism brought jail—or worse. So this anniversary could be the occasion for a polite celebration of the achievements of my Office over the past two and a half dec-ades—and they are many. But today is not a time for soporific complacency. Human rights are sorely under pressure around the world—no longer a priority: a pariah. The le-gitimacy of human rights principles is at-tacked. The practise of human rights norms is in retreat. Here in Europe, ethno-populist parties are in the ascendant in many coun-tries—fuelling hatred and scarring their soci-eties with deepening divisions. Where these parties have achieved power, they have sought to undermine the independ-ence of the judiciary and silence many crit-ical voices in the independent media and civil society. They have propagated distorted and false views of migrants and human rights activists. Almost everywhere, across Europe the hatred they direct at migrants has infiltrated the mainstream parties and skewed the political landscape towards greater violence and suffering. In this country—which more than most should be aware of the dangers of ethnically divisive rhetoric, given the historical role of Karl Lueger—false and incendiary state-ments have been recently made which are fundamentally at odds with the Vienna Dec-laration. Minister Kneissl, Excellencies, As Viktor Frankl so often wrote, it is com-passion, and contribution to the lives of oth-ers, which form the anchor of an honourable life. And the way to honour the Vienna Dec-laration and Programme of Action is to act on it. Human rights are not just words to be nodded at sagely at anniversaries. They are meant, above all, to be put into practice, and anchored especially in the daily experiences of the poorest and most marginalised peo-ple—such as those who flee the destruction of their hopes by conflict and deprivation. There will be no peace for any country until there is respect, and justice. There will be no sustainable prosperity unless all can benefit. Human equality and dignity are the path towards peace in the world: the path of real patriotism, building societies grounded in harmony, not divisiveness and hate. So it is time to stand up for what the Vi-enna Declaration truly represents. We need to use this anniversary to begin to mobilize a much broader community to de-fend human rights with our fierce, and pas-sionate commitment. We need to make clear the vital, life-saving importance of human rights for the daily lives and global future of our fellow human beings. Many of us do still have space to voice our concerns. We need to stand by our achieve-ments and the advances which have been made. We need to push back against the haters, the destroyers, the isolationists and ethno- nationalists. We need to move forward, defiantly, to en-sure that those indivisible, universal, inter-dependent and interrelated rights are able to build on each other to shape a world of well- being and safety. There is no time to lose. Let this be a turn-ing point, so that the Vienna Declaration can stand proud—not as a decaying museum piece, but as the flag-bearer for a resurgent movement to build peace and progress. Thank you. f 
INDIGENOUS ACTIVISTS IN THE PHILIPPINES Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to speak about a subject that other Sen-ators should be aware of. Many Members of Congress have vis-ited the Philippines, a country with which we share a long history of stra-tegic, economic, cultural, and other in-terests. We also know that, for many years, the Philippine Government has been fighting an extremist insurgency in Mindanao. The United States has been supporting the Philippine Govern-ment in that effort. According to information I have re-ceived, on February 21, 2018, the Phil-ippines State Prosecutor filed a legal petition to declare over 600 persons as ‘‘terrorists,’’ alleging that they are members of the Communist party of the Philippines, CPP, and the New Peo-ples Army, NPA, two groups designated by the United States as foreign ter-rorist organizations. The list was pub-lished after the collapse of the peace negotiations between CPP-NPA and the Philippine Government last year. By itself, that might not be objec-tionable. There are terrorists in the Philippines. The problem with this ‘‘terrorist list’’ is that the government is apparently using it to persecute peo-ple who have nothing to do with ter-rorism, but who have engaged in legiti-mate, peaceful dissent and protests in opposition to government policies that threaten their way of life. The list includes a number of indige-nous rights defenders who, as far as I am aware, are not at all affiliated with the CPP-NPA. These individuals are known and respected nationally and internationally for their consistent, lawful efforts to protect human rights for the most vulnerable and marginalized populations in the Phil-ippines. By criminalizing their work and including these activists on an offi-cial terrorist list, the administration of President Duterte is endangering the lives of these and other human rights defenders and community leaders. It is a misuse of the justice system to deny their rights to free expression, associa-tion, and assembly—rights we take for granted and that are enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The affected individuals are now sub-ject to warrantless arrests, surveil-lance, and freezing of assets. Their lives and the lives of their families are in danger. Human Rights Watch has de-scribed the petition as ‘‘a virtual gov-ernment hit list,’’ noting the ‘‘long his-tory in the Philippines of state secu-rity forces and pro-government mili-tias assassinating those labeled as NPA members or supporters.’’ In March 2018 alone, there were reportedly at least three cases of extrajudicial killings of indigenous leaders, all known for their work to organize communities for the protection of indigenous lands. Two of the more high-profile targeted activists, Joan Carling and Victoria Tauli Corpuz, were fortunate to have been out of the country when the list was published. Carling is an indigenous activist from the Cordillera region in the Philippines. She has been working on indigenous issues at the grassroots and international levels for more than 20 years. Ms. Carling has been elected twice as the Secretary General of the Asia Indigenous Peoples Pact, AIPP, representing AIPP’s 47 member-organi-zations in 14 countries. She was ap-pointed by the U.N. Economic and So-cial Council as an indigenous expert- member of the U.N. Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues for 2014–16. Victoria Tauli Corpuz was appointed as the U.N. Special Rapporteur on the rights of indigenous peoples by the U.N. Human Rights Council in 2014. She is an indigenous leader from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.006 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2963 June 4, 2018 
Kankana-ey Igorot people of the Cor-dillera region in the Philippines. As an indigenous activist, she has worked for over three decades to protect indige-nous rights and as an advocate for women’s rights. As a consequence of the Duterte ad-ministration’s action, these women suddenly have no home to return to. They cannot risk going back to the Philippines. Still, they are fortunate compared to those targeted leaders who remain in the country. The ter-rorist list also includes members of in-digenous communities in Mindanao who were displaced from their lands in President Duterte’s antiterrorism sweep and now live precariously in evacuation camps. Much of this reportedly has to do with powerful business interests in col-lusion with corrupt officials in the gov-ernment. In the recent past, the Phil-ippine Government has fast-tracked priority infrastructure development projects. Some of these projects are re-portedly planned to be built on ances-tral indigenous lands, despite opposi-tion from indigenous communities and the failure to secure indigenous peo-ples’ free, prior, and informed consent as required by Philippine law and as contained in the 2007 U.N. Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. Indigenous leaders have objected to these projects, insisting that the gov-ernment respect their rights and ob-tain their consent for projects that af-fect them. The United States has long supported efforts of the Philippine Government and civil society to unlock the coun-try’s potential to achieve inclusive, sustainable economic growth. As rank-ing member of the Appropriations Sub-committee on the Department of State and Foreign Operations, I have sup-ported programs to help the Phil-ippines combat poverty, strengthen democratic institutions, enhance mari-time security, and protect the rights of its people. Criminalizing these indigenous rights defenders would reverse progress the country has made and threaten the functioning of civil society which is fundamental to any democracy. Joan Carling, Victoria Tauli Corpuz, and other indigenous leaders and activists who from all indications are guilty of nothing more than defending their ter-ritories and cultures do not belong on a ‘‘terrorist’’ list. Instead, the govern-ment should be defending their rights and protecting their safety and the safety of other indigenous leaders and human rights activists. Our own government, the Depart-ments of State and Defense and the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment, as well as international financial institutions we support, should ensure that development activities are carried out in accordance with the rights of local communities, including the right of indigenous peoples to free, prior, and informed consent. We all oppose terrorism wherever it occurs, but our collective approach to preventing terrorism has too often made the problem worse, especially when the result is the curtailment of basic freedoms. Labeling as ‘‘terror-ists’’ political opponents or civil soci-ety activists who do not advocate or engage in violence and who, to the con-trary, have been threatened and at-tacked for defending their rights is one example of this, and it is an increas-ingly common tactic of governments; yet there are few if any ways more likely to cause people to resort to vio-lence than by misusing government power to suppress legitimate dissent. Far from stopping terrorism, adopting such abusive tactics sets back our col-lective efforts against terrorism. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL COMMISSION AGAINST IMPUNITY IN GUATE-MALA Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, many of us here are familiar with the Inter-national Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala, known as CICIG. The U.S. Congress and Republican and Democratic administrations have sup-ported it for years, and with few excep-tions, it is strongly supported by the Guatemalan people. That is because CICIG, working closely with the Office of the Attorney General, has proven what many Guatemalans thought im-possible, that even the most powerful government officials who commit major crimes believing they are above the law can be brought to justice. CICIG was created in December 2006, when the United Nations and Guate-mala signed a treaty-level agreement setting up CICIG as an independent body to support the Office of the Attor-ney General, the National Civilian Po-lice, and other Guatemalan Govern-ment institutions in the investigation and prosecution of particularly sen-sitive and difficult cases. I vividly re-member that time, when impunity for even the worst crimes was a virtual certainty in Guatemala. During more than 35 years of internal armed conflict an estimated 200,000 Guatemalans, mostly rural Mayan vil-lagers, were murdered—the vast major-ity by the army. Many were rounded up and never seen or heard from again. Thanks largely to the efforts of the Guatemala Forensic Anthropology Foundation, the tortured remains of many hundreds have been found in un-marked mass graves, some on former military bases. Hardly anyone has been punished for those atrocities, and past attempts to investigate and prosecute some of the individuals responsible were stymied. Even in the years since that dark pe-riod, almost anyone, especially those in positions of authority, got away with anything, including assassina-tions and robbing the public treasury. Today, few crimes involving official corruption and violations of human rights are prosecuted, and even fewer result in conviction and punishment. But those that have been credibly in-vestigated and brought to trial are due to the courageous efforts of CICIG and its commissioner, Ivan Velasquez, a re-spected Colombian jurist, and the re-cently retired attorney general, Thel-ma Aldana, who carried on the tradi-tion of independence and integrity es-tablished by her predecessor, Claudia Paz y Paz. These prosecutors have given hope not only to victims who long ago lost faith in Guatemala’s dys-functional justice system, but also to many members of the business commu-nity who recognize that, without an independent judiciary and confidence that the rule of law will be enforced, Guatemala will never attract the for-eign investment it needs to develop. Predictably and throughout its his-tory, CICIG has come under attack from those who have enriched them-selves at public expense and escaped justice, including for heinous crimes. Fearing prosecution, they have sought to challenge CICIG’s legitimacy and impugned the character and conduct of its commissioner. Each time, CICIG has survived, thanks to the support of the international community. Today, CICIG is once again being at-tacked, including by some senior offi-cials, who have sought to exploit fac-tual misrepresentations, including those echoed in the Guatemalan and U.S. media, about a troubling case in-volving members of a Russian family who entered Guatemala with fraudu-lent passports. This has even resulted in a portion of the funds appropriated by Congress for CICIG to be tempo-rarily blocked from disbursement. Without recounting the bizarre facts of that case, suffice it to say that not a shred of credible evidence has been presented to support the allegations of abuse of authority leveled at CICIG and in particular at Commissioner Velasquez. That, however, does not ap-pear to matter to those who have long sought an excuse to replace Velasquez with someone who is susceptible to in-timidation. The Bitkov case, which has all the makings of a made for TV trag-edy, should be appropriately resolved in the Guatemalan courts. The family should be treated justly and humanely. But CICIG is not the problem. It is important to reiterate what the Guatemalan people know: CICIG is an absolutely essential institution that has enabled the office of the attorney general to break through the wall of impunity in ways that would never have been possible without CICIG’s support. It is that simple. Without CICIG, there is no reason to believe that any case involving high-ranking officials or members of organized crime networks with the ability to intimi-date and bribe prosecutors and judges and threaten or assassinate witnesses will be brought to justice. It is also a fact that CICIG is only as effective as its commissioner and that, while even those who want to rein in CICIG publicly claim to support it, they make little secret of their goal to get rid of Velasquez. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.008 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2964 June 4, 2018 
Commissioner Velasquez is an experi-enced, courageous jurist with integ-rity. That is why he was hired for the job, and by all indications, he is guilty of nothing more than doing the job he was hired to do. The more he does so, the more those who fear prosecution will try to find ways to stop him. It is therefore very important at this time that the international community, in-cluding the United States, reaffirms its support for Velasquez and the fight against corruption and impunity in Guatemala. It is noteworthy that the former at-torney general has consistently voiced her support for Velasquez because, if anyone should know if there is a grain of truth to the allegations against him, it would be her. She knows from expe-rience the motivations of those who are aligned against CICIG because they have also tried to intimidate her. In order for CICIG and Commissioner Velasquez to effectively carry out CICIG’s mandate through the reminder of its current term that ends in Sep-tember 2019, he needs the support of the Guatemalan Government, the United Nations, the United States, and other governments that support justice in Guatemala. I commend the Depart-ment of State and U.S. Ambassador Arreaga for recognizing what is at stake and for seeking ways to ensure that CICIG and Commissioner Velasquez can carry out their respon-sibilities transparently and effectively. I also know that a majority of Demo-crats and Republicans respect Commis-sioner Velasquez and want CICIG to re-ceive the funds it needs. I am confident that the funds will be released, that CICIG and the role of the Commis-sioner will be enhanced, and that the cause of justice for the Guatemalan people will be served. 
f 
NOMINATION OBJECTION Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I in-tend to object to any unanimous con-sent request relating to the nomina-tion of William R. Evanina, to be Di-rector of the National Counterintel-ligence and Security Center, PN1548. During the course of the Judiciary Committee’s inquiry into how the Jus-tice Department and FBI handled the Clinton and Russia investigations, committee staff have reviewed text messages between Peter Strzok and Lisa Page. In some of the text mes-sages, an individual named ‘‘Evanina’’ is mentioned in the context of govern-ment officials having briefed then Vice President-Elect Pence on national se-curity related issues and planning to brief him a second time. The name was redacted from text messages initially provided to Congress. ‘‘Evanina’’ most likely refers to the nominee who is and was at that time Acting Director of the National Coun-terintelligence and Security Center. The committee needs to more fully un-derstand the meaning of the apparent references to Mr. Evanina in the Strzok-Page texts and will need to ob-tain further context from him and the Justice Department in order to do so before I could consent to proceeding to consider his confirmation. The committee has recently experi-enced increasing difficulty in obtaining relevant documents and briefings from the Justice Department and the Office of the Director of National Intel-ligence, ODNI. For example. Deputy Attorney General, DAG, Rod Rosen-stein personally assured me that the Senate Judiciary Committee would re-ceive equal access to information pro-vided to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, HPSCI, with regard to any concessions in its negotiations regarding pending sub-poenas from that committee. Two weeks ago, the ODNI and the DAG pro-vided a briefing in connection with a pending HPSCI, subpoena to which no Senate Judiciary Committee member was invited. Thus far, the committee’s attempts to schedule an equivalent briefing have been ignored. Additionally, beginning November 29, 2017, I made requests for information from the inspector general of the Intel-ligence Community and ODNI regard-ing the diffusion of the IC whistle-blower program and the highly unusual and problematic termination of the IC IG’s former Executive Director for Whistleblowing and Source Protection. In March, having received none of the information I asked for, I formally and publicly objected to the confirmation of the ODNI general counsel nominee. To date, I still have received nothing. Therefore, I also object to Mr. Evanina’s confirmation until and un-less the ODNI provides a fulsome re-sponse to my letters. Additionally, I understand that Mr. Evanina was re-sponsible for developing policies and procedures to address retaliatory secu-rity clearance actions pursuant to a statutory directive, but that it is not clear whether such policies and proce-dures have been implemented. I would like for Mr. Evanina to explain the sta-tus of those efforts. Thus, unfortunately, I must object to any consideration of this nomination. My objection is not intended to ques-tion the credentials of Mr. Evanina in any way. However, the executive branch must recognize that it has an ongoing obligation to respond to con-gressional inquiries in a timely and reasonable manner. 
f 
REPUBLIC OF AZERBAIJAN Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to the Republic of Azerbaijan, which celebrated the 100th anniversary of its declaration of inde-pendence on May 28. The United States was one of the first countries to recognize Azer-baijan’s independence. The country faced horrific challenges when it was invaded by the Bolsheviks in 1920 and later incorporated into the Soviet Union. With the end of the Cold War and the demise of the USSR, Azer-baijan once again achieved its inde-pendence on August 30, 1991. Our coun-try recognized Azerbaijan’s independ-ence that same year and established diplomatic relations with the Republic of Azerbaijan on February 19, 1992. Azerbaijan is a key security partner of the United States. For example, Az-erbaijani troops have served in Afghan-istan since 2002 to assist the United States and our partners in NATO. Addi-tionally, the country supports the United States through the Northern Distribution Network, which allows for the transit of nonlethal supplies through Azerbaijan’s territory to our forces in Afghanistan and permits the overflight through its airspace of U.S. military personnel heading to Afghani-stan. Azerbaijan also stands as an example of a secular, Muslim-majority country that has excellent relations with its own Jewish community and has main-tained diplomatic relations with our strong ally, Israel, for over 25 years. Through the Southern Gas Corridor, Azerbaijan will provide energy to our allies in Europe, thus lessening the continent’s reliance on Russia for gas. For this and many other reasons, I commend the Republic of Azerbaijan and its people on this significant anni-versary. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
BICENTENNIAL OF MADISON, NORTH CAROLINA ∑Mr. BURR. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate with the citizens of Madison, NC, the town’s 200 years of rich history. Named for President James Madison, the town was acquired at auction in June 1818. In Madison’s infancy, tobacco was a high-demand commodity and employer in town due to its location on the Dan and Mayor Rivers, which offer fertile soil for cultivation. By the late 1800s, Madison was home to more than 40 to-bacco factories, 1 reported to have been the largest grower of tobacco in the world at that time. In the early 1900s, Madison reaped the benefits of a growth in the textiles industry when Gem Dandy, Inc., opened for business in town. It remains headquartered there today. Madison gained another employer in the mid-1990s when Rem-ington Arms made Madison home to its headquarters. Today Madison boasts two historic districts and several landmarks listed on the National Register of Historic Places. I am proud to offer my congratula-tions to the citizens of Madison, NC on the occasion of their bicentennial. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING KATE KENNEDY ∑Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Kate Kennedy, a pioneering and inspiring San Francis-can. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.007 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2965 June 4, 2018 
Kate Kennedy was born in County Meath, Ireland, in 1827, the second of seven children. After her father’s death in 1841, she cared for her five younger sisters, even overseeing their education at home. During Ireland’s Great Fam-ine, Kate immigrated to the United States. She worked as a seamstress in New York Before moving with the rest of her family to California in 1856. Shortly after arriving in California, she began teaching in San Francisco’s public schools. She rose to become the principal of the North Cosmopolitan Grammar School, but was only paid the salary of a primary school prin-cipal because she was a woman. In re-sponse to this injustice, she began a campaign for equal pay all school teachers. Her efforts were rewarded in 1874, when the California Legislature passed a law requiring female public school teachers paid the same as male counterparts. Following her landmark victory, Kate continued to teach while advo-cating for other social issues like labor and tax reforms. She eventually ran for state superintendent of public instruc-tion, becoming the first woman to run for Statewide office in California. Although she didn’t win, she contin-ued to leave a mark on her adopted State. After being transferred for polit-ical reasons to a smaller school with a lower salary, Kate fought the demotion and was ultimately fired in retaliation by the schoolboard. She sued the board, taking her case all the way to the Cali-fornia Supreme Court. The court sided with Kate, delivering an opinion that still serves today as the foundation of teacher tenure in California. Shortly after the court’s ruling, Kate Kennedy passed away in Oakland, CA, and was buried in San Francisco’s Lau-rel Hill Cemetery in 1890. Kate Kennedy’s commitment to jus-tice and willingness to fight for her rights is truly inspirational. As the first woman to represent California in the U.S. Senate, I am proud to honor her legacy and the historic role she played in the ongoing struggle for equality.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHARLES T. JONES ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate the 100th birthday of Charles T. Jones, or better known to the people who love him as Captain Charlie, a proud West Virginian, mili-tary veteran, legendary businessman, servant of the community, and a dear friend. Throughout his century of life, Charlie has often been referred to as a coal miner, farmer, riverboat captain, and a Renaissance man. While he grew up on the banks of the Kanawha River in West Virginia, Char-lie attended school in New Jersey, where he spent many afternoons row-ing on Lake Carnegie. This is where he met Albert Einstein, who would ob-serve his rowing each afternoon. He would later earn a degree in business from Babson Institute in Massachu-setts. Charlie served his country in the U.S. Navy during World War II with the Navy Seabees in Guadalcanal and on a mine sweeper as an engineering officer off the coasts of Japan and the Phil-ippines. The sense of service and duty he demonstrated while in the military is still something he carries with him to this day. After the war’s end, Charlie went to work for his family’s coking coal busi-ness, Star Coal and Coke Company, which later became Amherst Coal Com-pany, in 1946. The company was started by his grandfather in 1893. Due to the downturn in production and demand of coking coal, out of necessity, the com-pany ventured into river transpor-tation. In 1951, the family bought the Hatfield-Campbell Creek Coal Com-pany, a business that operated steam-boats, barges, and river terminals along the Kanawha and Ohio Rivers. He took over the river operations of the company and renamed them ‘‘Amherst Barge Co.’’ Along the way, the com-pany became Madison Coal and Supply Co. and is now known as Amherst Madison and still specializes in marine services, like towing, construction, shipping, and equipment repairs. Am-herst and its affiliated companies have proudly employed thousands of West Virginians over the past 70 years. Charlie is one of the most hard-work-ing, humble, and giving people West Virginia has ever known. He is a long-time supporter of many business and charitable and community organiza-tions throughout the Kanawha Valley. Over the years, he has served or cur-rently serves on numerous boards and committees including Yeager Airport Authority Board, board of trustees for the University of Charleston, chairman emeritus of the Inland Waterways User Board, trustee emeritus of the WV Chapter of the Nature Conservancy, di-rector emeritus of the Mariner’s Mu-seum, past chairman of the WV Mining and Reclamation Association, former director of the Charleston Area Med-ical Center Foundation, One Valley Bancorp, and the Western Pocahontas Corporation, Ohio Valley Improvement Association or DINAMO, and so many more. His lifelong contributions have not been overlooked. Just last year, Char-lie was honored as a Distinguished West Virginian by the Governor, en-tered into the Honorable Order of Ken-tucky Colonels by the people of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and in-ducted into West Virginia University College of Business and Economics’ Business Hall of Fame, and recognized as a West Virginia ‘‘Who’s Who’’ by the State Journal. Additionally, he has re-ceived previous honors such as the Charleston YMCA’s Spirit of the Valley Award, induction into the Coal Mining Hall of Fame, Charleston Gazette- Mail’s West Virginian of the Year, Sea-men’s Church Institute Lifetime Achievement Award, and the National Rivers Hall of Fame Achievement Award, to name only a few. He credits his longevity to good genes, good luck, and a great wife and very supportive family, associates, and friends. Charlie and his wife, Mary Ellen, have been married for more than 45 years. He has four children: Laura Jones Pray, C. Tandy Jones, Jennifer Jones, and the late O. Nelson Jones. He is a member of the Oak Hill Baptist Church and the St. Matthew’s Epis-copal Church in Charleston. I know I speak for all West Vir-ginians when I wish Charles T. ‘‘Cap-tain Charlie’’ Jones a Happy 100th birthday and wish for many more. ∑ f 
RECOGNIZING SILVER CREEK MIDDLE SCHOOL ∑Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I rise to celebrate the dedication of Sil-ver Creek Middle School, SCMS, in Kensington, MD as it completes its in-augural year. SCMS opened on Sep-tember 5, 2017, for 550 students in sixth and seventh grade. Students from Chevy Chase Elemen-tary, North Chevy Chase Elementary, and Rock Creek Forest Elementary now attend SCMS. In recognition of the combination of students from three different elementary schools, SCMS dedicated its inaugural year to commu-nity building and has worked hard to create a strong sense of unity and com-mon purpose. Before the 2017–18 school year began, SCMS organized three community summer socials at parents’ residences. More than 200 parents participated in these events and helped cultivate a supportive network before their stu-dents had even arrived at school. In ad-dition, SCMS students and parents have organized two cleanups of nearby Silver Creek, for which the school is named. Students, teachers, and parents collaborated in these efforts to protect our environment. In addition to community building, SCMS focuses on a global and holistic education. SCMS is an International Baccalaureate, IB, school with a Mid-dle Years Programme. This program al-lows students to engage across cultures and subject areas to develop their self- understanding and a sense of their rela-tionships to others and our society. I am proud that Silver Creek Middle School is committed to a quality edu-cation and a collaborative educational environment for all of its students. I commend the dedicated faculty and staff at SCMS for all they do to help each of their students achieve his or her full potential. The Silver Creek Middle School community has my best wishes for a productive learning experi-ence for many years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.027 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2966 June 4, 2018 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on May 29, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY ) had signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 3663. An act to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. H.R. 4910. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial recep-tacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5515. An act to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that pursuant to section 50802 of the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123), the Minority Leader appoints the following individual to serve as a Commissioner to the Commission on Social Impact Partnerships: Ms. Anne Wilson of San Rafael, California. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5327. A communication from the Chair-man and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Cred-it Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standards of Conduct and Referral of Known or Sus-pected Criminal Violations; Standards of Conduct’’ (RIN3052–AC44) received in the Of-fice of the President pro tempore of the Sen-ate; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry. EC–5328. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defensin Proteins Derived from Spin-ach in Citrus Plants; Temporary Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9977–62) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5329. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Environmental Policy Act Implementing Procedures’’ (RIN0579–AC60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5330. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Defense Biennial Core Report to Congress; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5331. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness) transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to Reserve Component Equipment Procurement and Military Construction for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5332. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Repeal of DFARS Clause ‘Right of First Refusal of Employ-ment-Closure of Military Installations’’’ ((RIN0750–AJ54) (DFARS Case 2018–D002)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5333. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Repeal of DFARS Provision ‘Representation Regarding Com-bating Trafficking in Persons’’’ ((RIN0750– AJ67) (DFARS Case 2018–D003)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5334. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Repeal of Restric-tions on Chemical Weapons Antidote’’ ((RIN0750–AJ70) (DFARS Case 2018–D006)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5335. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Delegation of Spe-cial Emergency Procurement Authority’’ ((RIN0750–AJ86) (DFARS Case 2018–D024)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5336. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Modification of DFARS Clause ‘Riding Gang Member Re-quirements’’’ ((RIN0750–AJ88) (DFARS Case 2018–D026)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5337. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Micro-Purchase Threshold’’ ((RIN0750–AJ34) (DFARS Case 2018–D027)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5338. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Repeal of DFARs Provision ‘Alternative Line Item Struc-ture’’’ ((RIN0750–AJ67) (DFARS Case 2018– D045)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5339. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Repeal of DFARS Provision ‘Alternate A, System for Award Management’’’ ((RIN0750–AJ54) (DFARS Case 2018–D044)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5340. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Government Accountability Of-fice, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Impoundment Control Act of 1974 and the Release of Certain Withheld Amounts; to the Committees on Appropria-tions; and the Budget. EC–5341. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Government Accountability Of-fice, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Impoundment Control Act of 1974 and a Review of the President’s Special Message of May 8, 2018; to the Committees on Appropriations; and the Budget. EC–5342. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to violations of the Antideficiency Act; to the Committee on Ap-propriations. EC–5343. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to North Korea that was declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–5344. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the Western Balkans that was declared in Execu-tive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–5345. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of the Treasury, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to material violations or suspected material violations of regulations relating to Treasury auctions and other Treasury securities offerings for the period of January 1, 2017 through Decem-ber 31, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5346. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the continuation of a national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 13222 with respect to the lapse of the Export Administration Act of 1979; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5347. A communication from the Acting Director, Bureau of Ocean Energy Manage-ment, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Re-port to Congress: The Comprehensive Inven-tory of U.S. Outer Continental Shelf Oil and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.004 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2967 June 4, 2018 
Natural Gas Resources—2018 Update’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–5348. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reform of Gen-erator Interconnection Procedures and Agreements’’ ((RIN1902–AF33) (Docket No. RM17–8–000)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–5349. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Michigan; Re-gional Haze Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9978– 61–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5350. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Nonattainment Plan for the Central New Hampshire Sulfur Dioxide Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9978–27–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5351. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Continuous Opacity Monitoring Require-ments for Municipal Waste Combustors’’ (FRL No. 9978–56–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–5352. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Emissions Statement Rule Certification for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9978–57–Region 3) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5353. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions; Butte County Air Quality Manage-ment District; Stationary Source Permits’’ (FRL No. 9978–18–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–5354. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Delegation of Authority to the States of Iowa; Kansas; Missouri; Nebraska; Lin-coln-Lancaster County, NE; and City of Omaha, NE, for New Source Performance Standards (NSPS), National Emission Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (NESHAP) Including Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) Standards ‘‘(FRL No. 9978–80–Region 7) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5355. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Child Welfare Outcomes 2015: Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5356. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Indexing Adjust-ments for Certain Provisions under Section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–34) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5357. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance on Cer-tain Payments Made in Exchange for State and Local Tax Credits’’ (Notice 2018–54) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5358. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Credit for Renew-able Electricity Production and Refined Coal Production, and Publication of Inflation Ad-justment Factor and Reference Prices for Calendar Year 2018’’ (Notice 2018–50) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5359. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update of 2018 Standard Mileage Rates Notice’’ (Notice 2018–42) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5360. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report in Response to the Sunscreen Innovation Act (P.L. 113–195) Section 586G’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5361. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a fiscal year 2019 estimate for the Volunteers at Federally Supported Health Centers As-sistant Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5362. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a fiscal year 2019 estimate for the Free Clinic Program; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5363. A communication from the Dep-uty White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Education, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5364. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Control of Communicable Diseases; Technical Cor-rection’’ (RIN0920–AA63) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5365. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Communications and Leg-islative Affairs, Equal Employment Oppor-tunity Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Annual Sunshine Act Report for 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5366. A communication from the Fed-eral Co-Chair, Appalachian Regional Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5367. A communication from the Sec-retary of Agriculture, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5368. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5369. A joint communication from the Chairman and the General Counsel, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Office of Inspector General Semiannual Report for the period of October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5370. A communication from the Chair-person of the District of Columbia Judicial Nomination Commission, transmitting, pur-suant to D.C. Code 1–204.34(d)(1), the nomina-tion of Melissa Felder Zappala to be an Asso-ciate Judge for the Superior Court of the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5371. A communication from the Dep-uty Archivist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Industrial Security Pro-gram’’ ((RIN3095–AB79) (32 CFR 2004)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5372. A communication from the Direc-tor, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report on crime victims’ rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5373. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, Office of Justice Pro-grams, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Program’’ (RIN1121–AA85) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–5374. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the General Services Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘GSA Fiscal Year 2017 Goaling Without Exclusions Report Required by Sec-tion 15(h)(3)(A)(ii) of the Small Business Act’’; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–5375. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Financial As-sistance, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.013 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2968 June 4, 2018 
a rule entitled ‘‘Debt Refinancing in 504 Loan Program’’ (RIN3245–AG79) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2018; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–5376. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Tuskegee Airmen River Days Air Show, Detroit River, Detroit, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0368)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5377. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Algonac Fireworks, St. Clair River, Algonac, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0248)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5378. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Neches River, Beaumont, TX’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0376)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5379. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River, Metropolis, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0077)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5380. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, St. Louis, MO’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0430)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5381. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Navy Underwater Detonation (UNDET) Exercises, GU’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0651)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5382. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; St. Clair Shore Fireworks, Lake St. Clair, St. Clair Shores, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0384)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5383. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Grosse Point War Memorial Red, White, and Blue Gala Fireworks, Lake St. Clair, Grosse Pointe’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0266)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5384. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Bay-Rama Fish Fly Festival, Lake St. Clair, New Baltimore, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0425)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5385. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River mile mark 27.8 to mile marker 28.2, Vanport, PA’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0441)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5386. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Laguna Madre, South Padre Island, TX’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0444)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5387. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio Street Beach Swim Course, Lake Michigan, Chicago Harbor, Chi-cago, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–1066)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5388. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Bath Creek, Bath, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0416)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5389. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Corpus Christi Ship Channel, Corpus Christi, TX’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0339)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5390. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; SF State University Gradua-tion Fireworks Display, San Francisco Bay, San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0420)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5391. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Monongahela, Alle-gheny, and Ohio Rivers, Pittsburg Pennsyl-vania’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0224)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5392. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Monongahela, Alle-gheny, and Ohio Rivers, Pittsburg Pennsyl-vania’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0320)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary: Report to accompany S. 2559, A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to imple-ment the Marrakesh Treaty, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–261). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CRUZ: S. 2985. A bill to require a report on impris-onment of political prisoners in China; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, and Mr. K AINE): S. 2986. A bill to award grants to States to support efforts at institutions of higher edu-cation to increase degree attainment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 177 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 177, a bill to provide for congressional review of the imposition of duties and other trade measures by the executive branch, and for other purposes. 
S. 256 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 256, a bill to establish the Stop, Ob-serve, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to ad-dress human trafficking in the health care system. 
S. 821 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 821, a bill to promote access for United States officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes. 
S. 1022 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1022, a bill to amend the Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.015 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2969 June 4, 2018 
Health Service Act to facilitate assign-ment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain military trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chi-nese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. At the request of Ms. C
OLLINS , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, supra. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to elimi-nate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to iden-tify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for moth-ers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1328 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the names of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1328, a bill to extend the protections of the Fair Housing Act to persons suffering discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gen-der identity, and for other purposes. 
S. 1358 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1358, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the treatment of certain direct pri-mary care service arrangements and periodic provider fees. 
S. 1596 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1596, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase certain funeral benefits for veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1870 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1870, a bill to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, and for other purposes. 
S. 2047 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2047, a bill to restrict the use of funds for kinetic military operations in North Korea. 
S. 2060 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2060, a bill to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, and for other purposes. S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2105 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2105, a bill to modify the presump-tion of service connection for veterans who were exposed to herbicide agents while serving in the Armed Forces in Thailand during the Vietnam era, and for other purposes. 
S. 2109 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2109, a bill to count revenues from military and veteran education pro-grams toward the limit on Federal rev-enues that certain proprietary institu-tions of higher education are allowed to receive for purposes of section 487 of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 2141 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2141, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to reform pro-cedures for determinations on disposi-tion of charges and the convening of courts-martial for certain offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice, and for other purposes. 
S. 2252 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2252, a bill to amend the Animal Health Protection Act to support State and Tribal efforts to develop and im-plement management strategies to ad-dress chronic wasting disease among deer, elk, and moose populations, to support research regarding the causes of chronic wasting disease and methods to control the further spread of the dis-ease, and for other purposes. 
S. 2269 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2269, a bill to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years. 
S. 2365 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2365, a bill to impose additional sanctions with respect to serious human rights abuses by the Govern-ment of Iran, and for other purposes. S. 2404 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2404, a bill to amend the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to reauthorize the organic agriculture research and extension ini-tiative. 
S. 2501 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2501, a bill to amend the Omni-bus Parks and Public Lands Manage-ment Act of 1996 to provide for the es-tablishment of a Ski Area Fee Reten-tion Account. 
S. 2559 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2559, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2578 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2578, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require the Sec-retary of Commerce to provide ad-vanced notice to Congress before changing any questions on the decen-nial census, and for other purposes. 
S. 2637 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2637, a bill to amend title XI of the So-cial Security Act to improve the qual-ity, health outcomes, and value of ma-ternity care under the Medicaid and CHIP programs by developing mater-nity care quality measures and sup-porting maternity care quality collaboratives. 
S. 2652 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2652, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason. 
S. 2667 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2667, a bill to amend the Agricultural Mar-keting Act of 1946 to provide for State and Tribal regulation of hemp produc-tion, and for other purposes. 
S. 2802 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2802, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide the op-portunity for responsible health sav-ings to all American families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.009 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2970 June 4, 2018 
S. 2863 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2863, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint a coin in commemoration of the opening of the National Law Enforcement Mu-seum in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 2878 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2878, a bill to improve the track-ing of data on, and benefits paid to, public safety officers who are killed or disabled in the line of duty. 
S. 2916 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2916, a bill to require a certain percentage of liquefied natural gas and crude oil exports be trans-ported on United States-built and United States-flag vessels, and for other purposes. 
S. 2937 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2937, a bill to protect chil-dren affected by immigration enforce-ment actions. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) and the Sen-ator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2957, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Depart-ment of Agriculture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2979 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2979, a bill to rescind certain budget authority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in ac-cordance with title X of the Congres-sional Budget and Impoundment Con-trol Act 1974. 
S. CON. RES. 7 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 7, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that tax-exempt fraternal benefit societies have historically provided and con-tinue to provide critical benefits to the people and communities of the United States. 
S. RES. 460 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 460, a resolution condemning Boko Haram and calling on the Gov-ernments of the United States of Amer-ica and Nigeria to swiftly implement measures to defeat the terrorist orga-nization. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2269. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2270. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2269. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, which was ordered to lie on the table, as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES IN FORCE STRUCTURE OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY. 
(a) N OTIFICATION .—Consistent with notifi-cation requirements set forth under section 993(a) of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Army shall, as provided under subsection (b), notify the congres-sional defense committees and congressional members of the affected States of changes in force structure of a battalion-size unit or other units of approximately 500 members assigned at a military installation. In deter-mining the change in force structure of a lo-cality, the Secretary shall take into consid-eration both short-term and long-term cost factors. (b) N
OTICE REQUIREMENTS .—No action may be taken to effect or implement a change in force structure described under subsection (a) until— (1) the Secretary of the Army— (A) submits to Congress a notice of the proposed change in force structure, including the detailed scoring data analyzed by the Army and a justification for any changes to the methodology, attributes in the Military Value Analysis, and other categories weighed at the direction of the Secretary; and (B) includes in the notice a report on the change in force structure as described under subsection (c); and (2) a period of 90 days expires following the day on which the notice is submitted to the congressional defense committees and con-gressional members of the affected States as appropriate. (c) R
EPORT ON THE CHANGE IN FORCE STRUC -
TURE .—The report referred to under sub-section (b)(1)(B) is a report from the Sec-retary of the Army on the changes in force structure, including updates to the Proce-dures for Army Stationing related to the changes in force structure, as follows: (1)(A) Military Value Analysis training at-tribute data and scoring for contiguous and non-contiguous training areas, including air-space, according to the associated installa-tion, as separate and distinct training areas measured by average daily use and the cost of use. (B) For purposes of determining training areas pursuant to this paragraph, non-con-tiguous training areas owned by the Na-tional Guard or other government agencies with formal agreements with the Army may be considered under the Military Value Anal-ysis training attribute as a separate and dis-tinct training area measured by average daily use and the cost of use. (2) A standardized explanatory statement for each associated installation with a non- contiguous training area attribute that in-cludes a justification for its use as it relates to the specific change in force structure under consideration and the cost and benefit to access a non-contiguous training area due to geographic separation, as described in De-partment of the Army Pamphlet (DA PAM) 5–13. (3) Military Value Analysis investment at-tribute data and scoring for infrastructure surrounding each associated installation, in-cluding housing, schools, and transportation, funded by State or local governments and communities measured by the last five fiscal years. (4)(A) Programmatic Environmental As-sessment data and scoring for the projected cost of military construction and sustainment, restoration, and maintenance requirements, according to each associated installation, as separate and distinct meas-urements projected by the Future Year De-fense Program planning to meet change in force structure mission requirements. (B) For purposes of this paragraph, relocatable buildings or structures des-ignated as temporary that are not eligible to receive sustainment, restoration, and main-tenance funding, shall be measured as sepa-rate and distinct buildings or structures for each associated installation. (5) Projected cost savings or cost avoidance to the Army that may impact the long-term total cost of the change in force structure, including total lifecycle cost factors of in-stallation energy and utility costs, installa-tion operating cost, installation renovation and maintenance cost, and the rate of basic allowance for housing. (6) Projected cost savings to the Army and force structure unit members and their de-pendents measured by State and local ex-emptions in the form of a tax credit, State professional license reciprocity, education, employment, or other benefits as determined by the Secretary. SA 2270. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 340. PROHIBITION ON THE REDUCTION IN FORCE CAPACITY OR CAPABILITY OF THE ADVANCED TURBINE EN-GINE ARMY MAINTENANCE OF THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No action may be taken— (1) to reduce the capacity or capability of the Advanced Turbine Engine Army Mainte-nance (ATEAM) of the Army National Guard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.011 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2971 June 4, 2018 
to meet requirements and obligations to maintain engines, transmissions, and Full Up Power Packs (FUPP) for the Army Na-tional Guard, Army Materiel Command (AMC), and foreign military partners; or (2) to restrict the potential workforce growth required to meet the requirements and obligations under paragraph (1). (b) P
OLICIES .—The Department of the Army, in coordination with the National Guard Bureau, shall conduct a review and es-tablish policies that clearly define ATEAM authorities to fulfill obligations under sub-section (a). f 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO PROCEEDING I, Senator C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , in-tend to object to proceeding to the nomination of William R. Evanina, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of Na-tional Counterintelligence and Secu-rity Center, dated June 4, 2018. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 5; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I further ask that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Wier nomination under the previous order. Finally, I ask that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:06 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, June 5, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
VERONICA DAIGLE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE FREDERICK VOLLRATH, RESIGNED. CASEY WARDYNSKI, OF ALABAMA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF THE ARMY, VICE DEBRA S. WADA. 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
ELAD L. ROISMAN, OF MAINE, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 5, 2023, VICE MICHAEL SEAN PIWOWAR, RESIGNED. 
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
PETER A. FELDMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A COMMISSIONER OF THE CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 26, 2019, VICE JOSEPH P. MOHOROVIC. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
KAREN DUNN KELLEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE DEP-UTY SECRETARY OF COMMERCE, VICE BRUCE H. AN-DREWS, RESIGNED. 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
GEOFFREY ADAM STARKS, OF KANSAS, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS FROM JULY 1, 2017, VICE MIGNON L. CLYBURN, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
BRIAN A. NICHOLS, OF RHODE ISLAND, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CA-REER MINISTER, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ZIMBABWE. 
BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS  
MICHAEL PACK, OF MARYLAND, TO BE CHIEF EXECU-TIVE OFFICER OF THE BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOV-ERNORS FOR THE TERM OF THREE YEARS. (NEW POSI-TION) 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. GIOVANNI K. TUCK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOSEPH T. GUASTELLA, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. BRIAN T. KELLY 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ROBERT G. CARRUTHERS III COL. QUVATOR R. GORE COL. ADAM L. ROBINSON COL. KEVIN L. VINES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. STEPHEN M. RUTNER 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) MARCUS A. HITCHCOCK 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
DENNIS R. BELL RONALD L. BURKE TAYLOR B. CHANCE MATTHEW J. ENROTH DAWN FITZHUGH CHAD D. FOSTER CLINTON GEORGE CARY HONNOLD ERIC D. LOMBARDINI ANDREW L. MCGRAW STEPHANIE L. MONT LISA T. READ BRETT J. TAYLOR THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
THEODORE W. CROY III JOHN F. DETRO SARAH B. GOLDMAN SCOTT R. GREGG AMY L. JACKSON ROBERTO E. MARIN STEPHANIE A. MEYER ROBERT D. MONTZ JAMES G. PAIRMORE JAMES L. PULLIAM JASON L. SILVERNAIL BILL A. SOLIZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: To be colonel 
EDGAR G. ARROYO WERNER J. BARDEN BURKE L. BRISTOW MATTHEW G. CLARK GARY S. COOPER JASON B. CORLEY JAMES E. CRAIG GARRICK L. CRAMER JOHN M. EVANS SHELLEY N. FRANCO LEE C. FREEMAN JACOB H. GIN ANTHONY D. GRAY GARY A. HUGHES ANTHONY M. KING JOHN W. LEE SEAN C. LESTER ROBERT A. LETIZIO DEREK J. LICINA INGRID LIM ELIASIB LOZANO MARK S. MANEVAL JAMES N. MASTERSON SEAN A. MCMURRY STEVEN A. MEADOW TRACY MICHAEL TROY MORTON KEVIN A. PECK JEFFREY L. REIBESTEIN CHRISTIAN P. RICHARDS SHANE A. ROACH GERI L. ROBERTSONFIELDS WILLIAM J. M. SMITH NELSON S. SO ERIC SPOTTS SCOTT J. STOKOE VICTOR A. SUAREZ JOSEPHINE E. L. THOMPSON JOHN A. URCIUOLI CARYN R. VERNON KENNETH L. WALTERS REBECCA A. ZINNANTE G010491 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
JEFFREY M. ALLERDING DEBRA A. CHAPPEL CHERYL A. CREAMER FRANCISCO C. DOMINICCI STACEY L. FERREIRA TAMARA S. FUNARI KIMBERLY M. GESLAK AMY J. HADSALL DONALD E. KIMBLER, JR. JOHN V. KULIG CHRISTINE M. LUDWIG BRUCE MATHEWS KARI A. MCRAE JAMES R. NOLIN CLAUSYL J. PLUMMER THOMAS O. RAWLINGS AMY K. ROY JENNIFER M. SCHMALTZ JODELLE M. SCHROEDER SANDRA A. SNIPES KEVIN E. SNYDER WARREN A. STEWART ELBA M. VILLACORTA VANESSA WORSHAM THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
BRIAN F. SAYLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
WILLIAM B. MURPHY 
To be major 
TODD R. ANGSTMAN DAVID M. SOLORZANO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
ERIC N. HATCH DENEEN K. PERSON YANNICK N. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ANTHONY HALL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.017 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2972 June 4, 2018 
To be major 
AARON R. GRAY BENJAMIN D. LAZO CHRISTINA M. WRIGHT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be colonel 
MICHAEL G. MOURITSEN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DAVID E. ROBERTS IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
BRETT M. MCCORMICK 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.003 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE757 June 4, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, June 5, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 6 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold closed hearings to examine de-fense innovation and research funding. SVC–217 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine countering malicious drones, including S. 2836, to assist the Department of Homeland Se-curity in preventing emerging threats from unmanned aircraft and vehicles. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of David James Porter, of Penn-sylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indi-ana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, and Lance E. Walker, of Maine, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine the future of the International Space Station, fo-cusing on stakeholder perspectives. SR–253 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-sight and Emergency Management To hold hearings to examine war powers and the effects of unauthorized mili-tary engagements on Federal spending. SD–342 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nation of Tara Sweeney, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Inte-rior. SD–628 2:45 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Border Security and Im-migration To hold hearings to examine student visa integrity, focusing on protecting edu-cational opportunity and national se-curity. SD–226 JUNE 7 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2837, to improve the systems for identifying the diversion of controlled substances, S. 974, to promote competition in the market for drugs and biological prod-ucts by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products, S. 2245, to include New Zea-land in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States na-tionals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, and the nominations of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, J. Camp-bell Barker, and Jeremy D. Kernodle, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Susan Brnovich, to be United States District Judge for the District of Arizona, Chad F. Kenney, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Maureen K. Ohlhausen, of Virginia, to be Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Florida, and Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Okla-homa. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to mark up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’. SD–106 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters. SH–219 3 p.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the poten-tial for health care savings accounts to engage patients and bend the health care cost curve. SH–216 JUNE 11 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the Inspec-tor General’s first report on Depart-ment of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation actions in advance of the 2016 presidential election. SH–216 JUNE 12 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission. SD–366 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription drugs, focusing on exam-ining the President’s blueprint ‘‘Amer-ican Patients First’’ to lower drug prices. SD–430 JUNE 13 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine confronting sexual harassment and other workplace misconduct in the Federal judiciary. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office high risk list, focusing on turning around vulnerable Indian programs. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M04JN8.000 E04JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D611 Monday, June 4, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2953–S2972 Measures Introduced: Two bills were introduced, as follows: S. 2985–2986.
                                     Page S2968 
Measures Reported: Report to accompany S. 2559, to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty. (S. Rept. No. 115–261) 
                                                                                            Page S2968 
Wier Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky.
                                      Pages S2954–61 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 90 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. 112), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S2957–58 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, at 11 a.m., on Tuesday, June 5, 2018, all post-cloture time on the nomination be considered expired, and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination.
       Page S2961 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
                                                              Page S2971 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Veronica Daigle, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Casey Wardynski, of Alabama, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army. Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for a term ex-piring June 5, 2023. Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for the remainder of the term expiring October 26, 2019. Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Dep-uty Secretary of Commerce. Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2017. Brian A. Nichols, of Rhode Island, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Zimbabwe. Michael Pack, of Maryland, to be Chief Executive Officer of the Broadcasting Board of Governors for the term of three years. 3 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 5 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Army and Marine Corps.                                                                                     Pages S2971–72 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2966 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2966–68 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2968–70 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2964–65 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2970–71 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—112)
                                                                Page S2958 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:06 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, June 5, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2971.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04JN8.REC D04JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD612 June 4, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, June 5, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D601) 
S. 35, to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery. Signed on May 25, 2018. (Public Law 115–175) S. 204, to authorize the use of unapproved med-ical products by patients diagnosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law. Signed on May 30, 2018. (Public Law 115–176) H.R. 3562, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title. Signed on June 1, 2018. (Public Law 115–177) H.R. 4009, to authorize the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution to plan, design, and con-struct a central parking facility on National Zoolog-ical Park property in the District of Columbia. Signed on June 1, 2018. (Public Law 115–178) S. 1285, to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confed-erated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease or transfer certain lands. Signed on June 1, 2018. (Public Law 115–179) COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 2018 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Act, 2019’’, 10 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Education, 10:15 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, business meeting to mark-up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, 3:30 p.m., SD–138. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine a decade of the Dig-ital Coast Partnership Program, focusing on successes and opportunities, 10 a.m., SR–253. Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine preventing abuse in Olympic and amateur athletics, fo-cusing on ensuring a safe and secure environment for our athletes, 3 p.m., SD–G50. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the 2018 wildland fire outlook and the wildland fire management programs at the Department of the Interior and the Forest Service, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine next steps on United States policy toward North Korea, 10 a.m., SD–419. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Georgette Mosbacher, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Poland, and Stephen Akard, of Indiana, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, with the rank of Ambassador, both of the De-partment of State, and Mark Rosen, of Connecticut, to be United States Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04JN8.REC D04JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D613 June 4, 2018 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on the Senate amendment to H.R. 3249, the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 8, the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5895, the ‘‘Energy and Water Devel-opment and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’ [Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019] [General Debate], 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of June 5 through June 8, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Ken-tucky, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 11 a.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the South-ern District of Texas. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: June 5, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Act, 2019’’, 10 a.m., SD–192. June 5, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the De-partment of Education, 10:15 a.m., SD–124. June 5, Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construc-tion, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2019’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. June 5, Subcommittee on Financial Services and Gen-eral Government, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Se-curities and Exchange Commission, 3:30 p.m., SD–138. June 6, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold closed hearings to examine defense innovation and research funding, 10 a.m., SVC–217. June 7, Full Committee, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2019’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2019’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: June 5, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine a decade of the Digital Coast Partnership Program, focusing on successes and opportunities, 10 a.m., SR–253. June 5, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Prod-uct Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine preventing abuse in Olympic and amateur athletics, focusing on ensuring a safe and secure environ-ment for our athletes, 3 p.m., SD–G50. June 6, Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competi-tiveness, to hold hearings to examine the future of the International Space Station, focusing on stakeholder per-spectives, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: June 5, to hold hearings to examine the 2018 wildland fire outlook and the wildland fire management programs at the De-partment of the Interior and the Forest Service, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: June 5, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine next steps on United States policy toward North Korea, 10 a.m., SD–419. June 5, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Georgette Mosbacher, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Poland, and Stephen Akard, of Indiana, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, with the rank of Ambassador, both of the De-partment of State, and Mark Rosen, of Connecticut, to be United States Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: June 6, to hold hearings to examine countering malicious drones, including S. 2836, to assist the Department of Homeland Security in preventing emerging threats from unmanned aircraft and vehicles, 10 a.m., SD–342. June 6, Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management, to hold hearings to examine war powers and the effects of unauthorized military en-gagements on Federal spending, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: June 6, business meeting to consider the nomination of Tara Sweeney, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: June 6, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of David James Porter, of Penn-sylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States District Judge for the Mid-dle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Southern District of Texas, and Lance E. Walker, of Maine, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04JN8.REC D04JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD614 June 4, 2018 June 6, Subcommittee on Border Security and Immi-gration, to hold hearings to examine student visa integ-rity, focusing on protecting educational opportunity and national security, 2:45 p.m., SD–226. June 7, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2837, to improve the systems for identifying the diver-sion of controlled substances, S. 974, to promote com-petition in the market for drugs and biological products by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products, S. 2245, to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, and the nominations of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, J. Campbell Barker, and Jeremy D. Kernodle, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Susan Brnovich, to be United States District Judge for the District of Arizona, Chad F. Kenney, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Maureen K. Ohlhausen, of Virginia, to be Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Cir-cuit, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida, and Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: June 5, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. June 7, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing re-garding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, June 6, Full Committee, markup on the FY 2019 Interior, Environment and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Bill, 11 a.m., 2167 Ray-burn. June 7, Subcommittee on Defense, markup on the FY 2019 Defense Appropriations Bill, 12 p.m., H–140 Cap-itol. This markup will be closed. Committee on Education and the Workforce, June 6, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Policies and Priorities of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, June 6, Sub-committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Reauthorization of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Pre-paredness Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. June 7, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Hydropower Licensing Process’’, 11 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, June 6, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Re-view of H.R. 1511, the ‘Homeless Children and Youth Act of 2017’ ’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. June 6, Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Trans-parency and Accountability at the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, June 7, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘A Bad Year for Human Rights in Vietnam’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. June 7, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Business Investment and Trade in the Americas’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, June 6, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4627, the ‘‘Shielding Public Spaces from Vehicular Terrorism Act’’; H.R. 4991, the ‘‘Supporting Research and Development for First Responders Act’’; H.R. 5206, the ‘‘Office of Biometric Identity Manage-ment Authorization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5207, the ‘‘Im-migration Advisory Program Authorization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5729, the ‘‘Transportation Worker Identification Credential Accountability Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5730, the ‘‘Transportation Security Technology Innovation Reform Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5733, the ‘‘DHS Industrial Control Systems Capabilities Enhancement Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5762, the ‘‘Joint Task Force to Combat Opioid Traf-ficking Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5766, the ‘‘Securing Public Areas of Transportation Facilities Act of 2018’’; and H. Res. 898, directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representa-tives relating to Department of Homeland Security poli-cies and activities relating to homeland security informa-tion produced and disseminated regarding cybersecurity threats posed by the ZTE Corporation, headquartered in Shenzhen, China, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, June 8, Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘Ques-tions Regarding the U.S. Census’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, June 6, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3777, the ‘‘Juab County Conveyance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4528, to make technical amendments to certain marine fish conservation statutes, and for other purposes; H.R. 482, the ‘‘Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5597, the ‘‘Desert Tortoise Habitat Conservation Plan Expansion Act, Washington County, Utah’’; H.R. 5751, the ‘‘Golden Spike 150th Anniversary Act’’; and H.R. 5875, to amend the Pitt-man-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act and the Dingell- Johnson Federal Aid in Sport Fish Restoration Act, to provide parity for United States territories and the Dis-trict of Columbia, to make technical corrections to such Acts and related laws, and for other purposes, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. June 6, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources, hearing on legislation to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to recover the cost of processing adminis-trative protests for oil and gas lease sales, applications for permits to drill, and right of way applications, and for other purposes; legislation to clarify the categorical exclu-sions authorized by the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and authorize additional categorical exclusions to streamline the oil and gas permitting process, and for other pur-poses; legislation to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to authorize notifications of permit to drill, and for other purposes; and legislation to clarify that Bureau of Land 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04JN8.REC D04JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D615 June 4, 2018 Management shall not require permits for oil and gas ac-tivities conducted on non-Federal surface estate to access subsurface mineral estate that is less than 50 percent Fed-erally owned, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 1324 Long-worth. June 7, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Wildfire Risk, Forest Health, and Associated Man-agement Priorities of the U.S. Forest Service’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, June 6, Subcommittee on National Security hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting America from a Bad Deal: Ending U.S. Par-ticipation in the Nuclear Agreement with Iran’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, June 6, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5895, the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’ [Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019] [Amendment Consideration], 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, June 7, Sub-committee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘The Electric Grid of the Future’’, 1 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, June 6, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Millennials and the Gig Economy’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. June 7, Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations, hearing entitled ‘‘Vets First? An Exam-ination of VA’s Resources for Veteran-Owned Small Busi-nesses’’, 2 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, June 7, Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation, hearing entitled ‘‘Maritime Transportation in the Arctic: The U.S. Role’’, 11 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, June 7, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Honoring Heroes: Memorializing our Nation’s Vet-erans’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. June 7, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘An Assessment of the Potential Health Effects of Burn Pit Exposure among Veterans’’, 3 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, June 6, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled on ‘‘Lowering Costs and Expand-ing Access to Health Care through Consumer-Directed Health Plans’’, 11 a.m., 1100 Longworth. June 7, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining Social Security’s Solvency Challenge: The Status of Social Security’s Trust Funds’’, 11 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: June 7, to hold hearings to ex-amine the potential for health care savings accounts to engage patients and bend the health care cost curve, 3 p.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04JN8.REC D04JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD616 June 4, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 5 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 11 a.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, June 5 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Jun 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D04JN8.REC D04JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST