Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6197 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 16, 2018 No. 119 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
OST). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, July 16, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
IKEBOST to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HOWARD MARSHALL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of Mr. Howard Marshall, former Deputy Assistant Director at the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation. Mr. Marshall recently concluded a 21- year career with the FBI, this after growing up in a household where his fa-ther, Brian, a resident of my district, was a special agent for 33 years. The Marshall family is visiting us in Wash-ington, D.C., in the historic Capitol today. During the early stages, Mr. Marshall worked in St. Louis, Memphis, as well as the FBI headquarters, where he worked on multiple task forces and su-pervised a public corruption squad. In 2008, Mr. Marshall was promoted to FBI leadership as Assistant Special Agent in Charge of the Dallas division, where he managed the white-collar crime and intelligence programs. After Dallas, he was promoted to the Inspec-tion Division, where he led inspections of local field offices, as well as shoot-ing incident review teams. Mr. Mar-shall was then appointed Special Agent in Charge in Louisville. Recently, Mr. Marshall served as the Deputy Assistant Director of the Cyber Division, where he supported the mis-sion to identify and defeat cyber threats targeting U.S. interests. Prior to the FBI, Mr. Marshall worked for the Prosecuting Attorney’s Office in Little Rock, Arkansas. We thank Mr. Marshall and his fa-ther, Brian, for their combined 54 years of public service to the American peo-ple and their service to the FBI, and all their fellow agents at the Bureau. f 
RECOGNITION OF NORTHERN CALI-FORNIA POWER AGENCY’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Northern California Power Agency, which is celebrating 50 years of service this year. Back in 1968, a group of municipal electric utilities, including the city of Lodi in my district, joined together to form the NCPA. The NCPA continues to harness the power of clean energy today. For 50 years, NCPA has utilized new technologies to provide clean, renew-able energy for its consumer-owners. This includes the Lodi Energy Center, a fast-start, combined-cycle natural gas project. The NCPA’s commitments to innova-tion and clean power have made sig-nificant contributions to their Cali-fornia member communities, resulting in low electric rates and CO2-free gen-eration. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the NCPA and its mem-bers on 50 years of service, achieve-ment, and success. 
f 
PASS A FARM BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Marshall) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, 6 years ago, farmers and ranchers across Kansas faced drought conditions that crippled crops, dried ponds, and forced livestock owners to abandon pastures. In the years since, rain has fallen and conditions returned to normal, but drought conditions have once again struck Kansas, leaving many counties across my district dry and worried. Ranchers in the Flint Hills of Kansas are finding themselves short of water and grass for their cattle, while farm-ers in central Kansas watch corn and soybean plants shrivel under the unre-lenting heat. Some counties are nearly 15 inches behind normal rainfall totals, with many under extreme drought dec-laration. All of this on top of low commodity prices and market uncertainty strains operating budgets and pushes farmer suicide rates to more than double that of the general population. That is right, Mr. Speaker, our farmer suicide rates are more than double that of the general population. Unfortunately, the impacts do not stop at the farm gate. When production agriculture suffers, so do the commu-nities our producers call home and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.000 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6198 July 16, 2018 
companies that support the agriculture industry. The drought really does im-pact us all. Earlier this month, I visited Connie and Joe Mushrush’s Red Angus Ranch in Chase County, Kansas. They showed me their vacant pastures and dry ponds, and admitted this drought was one of the worst their family has ever endured. They are not alone, as I hear stories of farmers and ranchers all across the district struggling to find solutions and options for their crops and cattle. While I cannot deliver the rain many of us pray for, I can help to bring a level of certainty and support to my farmers and ranchers through final passage of the 2018 farm bill. I have worked hard, alongside my Agriculture Committee colleagues, to write and pass legislation that continues crop in-surance and conservation programs that help producers operate their farms and ranches more efficiently. Farmers never want a handout, but in trying times like these, it is essen-tial that we support those who put food on our table with a safety net that we can all count on. I will continue to do all I can to support my farmers and ranchers, and I ask that my colleagues say a prayer for rain and for the men and women who feed us all. 
f 
74TH ANNIVERSARY OF LIBERATION OF GUAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 74th anni-versary of the liberation of Guam dur-ing World War II. This morning, I just came from Ar-lington National Cemetery, where Ms. Irene Sgambelluri, a survivor of the oc-cupation of Guam, joined me and Con-gressman S
ABLAN in laying a memorial wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Sgambelluri is a dear friend of mine who happens to be in the audience today in the gallery. I was honored to host her here in our Na-tion’s Capital for this solemn anniver-sary. The Chamorro people of Guam en-dured 32 months of occupation and war-time atrocities, with thousands of our island’s finest murdered, brutalized, and forced into concentration camps. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Sgambelluri’s father was taken by the Japanese, and she was later forced into a concentration camp for the remainder of the war. Today, I introduced the Occupation of Guam Remembrance Act in recogni-tion of the atrocities endured by the Chamorro people of Guam during World War II. We must never, ever forget the sacrifices made by our island’s manamko—the elders—during the war. My Occupation of Guam Remem-brance Act will ensure that all those victims and survivors who submitted for war claims will have their names inscribed on the memorial wall at the Asan Bay Overlook in the War in the Pacific National Historic Park. The memorial wall is the only national monument dedicated to the sacrifices of Guam’s Chamorro people during World War II, as well as the American servicemen and insular guardsmen who died defending the island during the war and those who liberated Guam in the summer of 1944. Ms. Sgambelluri is just one of thou-sands who lived out that dark chapter in American history. I thank her for her friendship and for representing the thousands of war victims and survivors at this year’s wreath laying ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery. Guam’s greatest generation, our manamko, or elders, who endured the war and survived have much to teach us. With the Occupation of Guam Re-membrance Act, and the addition of all war claimants to the memorial wall, future generations will see the names of all those who sacrificed dearly for Guam and our future. The victims and survivors of the oc-cupation of Guam are in my prayers today, and I hope that all my col-leagues here in Congress will join me in honoring the sacrifices of these very great Americans. God bless Guam and God bless the United States of America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members that the rules do not allow for references to oc-cupants of the gallery. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of this people’s House with wisdom and the courage to address the pressing difficulties of our time. As they continue the work of this assembly, guide them to grow in under-standing in attaining solutions to our Nation’s needs. Continue to bless as well those charged with protecting and serving our country. They, too, need wisdom and insight into the pressure points of insecurity among our citizens. Lord, have mercy. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
KAVANAUGH THE RIGHT CHOICE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, The Post and Courier of Charleston, South Carolina, has pro-vided a thoughtful editorial supporting the confirmation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. The editorial reinforces that ‘‘Brett Kavanaugh is a highly qualified ‘originalist’ who will help return the Supreme Court to its proper function in American society. The Senate should quickly confirm him.’’ ‘‘Judge Kavanaugh . . . fits President Donald Trump’s promise to appoint judges known to adhere to the original language of the Constitution and its amendments, and to closely follow the law as laid down by Congress.’’ ‘‘As a Federal judge, Mr. Kavanaugh appears to have taken the . . . view that Congress is the preeminent policy-making body of the Federal govern-ment except where the Constitution gives policymaking powers to the exec-utive; that Congress, the executive branch and the judiciary are all bound by the Constitution . . . and that judges and the President are further bound by the permissible decisions of Congress.’’ ‘‘It would be a welcome change to see the court allow the political branches of government to decide most political questions rather than the court.’’ In conclusion, God bless our troops and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR OUR NATIONAL PARKS (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, our Nation’s national parks are a cherished part of our country’s legacy, and it is critical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.003 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6199 July 16, 2018 
that they be preserved for generations to come. Unfortunately, the National Park Service is facing an insurmountable backlog of deferred maintenance that is growing more urgent as decades-old agency structures reach the end of their anticipated lifespans. This is im-pacting some of our most beloved parks. The Blue Ridge Parkway in North Carolina and Virginia is the country’s second most visited National Park, supporting approximately 15,600 jobs and is a huge economic asset to nearby rural communities. Deferred mainte-nance has resulted in the unfortunate deterioration of its amenities and ac-cessibility. The National Park Service Legacy Act would establish a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund di-rectly aimed at addressing the agency’s backlog and fixing the issues facing the Blue Ridge Parkway. As a proud co-sponsor of this innovative legislation, I encourage its vote and final passage in the House this Congress. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 4 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1501 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
URTIS ) at 3 o’clock and 1 minute p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
ELECTRONIC MESSAGE PRESERVATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1376) to amend title 44, United States Code, to require preservation of certain electronic records by Federal agencies, to require a certification and reports relating to Presidential records, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1376 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Electronic Message Preservation Act of 2017’’. SEC. 2. PRESERVATION OF ELECTRONIC MES-SAGES AND OTHER RECORDS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR PRESERVATION OF  E
LECTRONIC MESSAGES .—Chapter 29 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2912. Preservation of electronic messages and other records ‘‘(a) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—The Archi-vist shall promulgate regulations governing Federal agency preservation of electronic messages that are determined to be records. Such regulations shall, at a minimum— ‘‘(1) require the electronic capture, man-agement, and preservation of such electronic records in accordance with the records dis-position requirements of chapter 33; ‘‘(2) require that such electronic records are readily accessible for retrieval through electronic searches; and ‘‘(3) include timelines for Federal agency implementation of the regulations that en-sure compliance as expeditiously as prac-ticable. ‘‘(b) E
NSURING COMPLIANCE .—The Archivist shall promulgate regulations that— ‘‘(1) establish mandatory minimum func-tional requirements for electronic records management systems to ensure compliance with the requirements in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a); and ‘‘(2) establish a process to ensure that the electronic records management system of each Federal agency meets the functional re-quirements established under paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) C
OVERAGE OF OTHER ELECTRONIC  R
ECORDS .—To the extent practicable, the regulations promulgated under subsections (a) and (b) shall also include requirements for the capture, management, and preserva-tion of other electronic records. ‘‘(d) C
OMPLIANCE BY FEDERAL AGENCIES .— Each Federal agency shall comply with the regulations promulgated under subsections (a) and (b). ‘‘(e) R
EVIEW OF REGULATIONS REQUIRED .— The Archivist shall periodically review and, as necessary, amend the regulations promul-gated under subsections (a) and (b).’’. (b) D
EADLINE FOR REGULATIONS .— (1) P
RESERVATION OF ELECTRONIC MES -
SAGES .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Archi-vist shall promulgate the regulations re-quired under section 2912(a) of title 44, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (2) E
NSURING COMPLIANCE .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Archivist shall promulgate the reg-ulations required under section 2912(b) of title 44, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a). (c) R
EPORTS ON IMPLEMENTATION OF REGU-
LATIONS .— (1) A
GENCY REPORT TO ARCHIVIST .—Not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the head of each Federal agency shall submit to the Archivist a report on the agency’s compliance with the regula-tions promulgated under section 2912 of title 44, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), and shall make the report pub-licly available on the website of the agency. (2) A
RCHIVIST REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 days after receipt of all reports required by paragraph (1), the Archivist shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives a report on Federal agency compliance with the regulations promulgated under sec-tion 2912(a) of title 44, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), and shall make the report publicly available on the website of the agency. (3) FEDERAL AGENCY DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘Federal agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2901 of title 44, United States Code. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 29 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 2911 the following new item: ‘‘2912. Preservation of electronic mes-sages and other records.’’. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2901 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (14); and (2) by striking paragraph (15) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(15) the term ‘electronic messages’ means electronic mail and other electronic mes-saging systems that are used for purposes of communicating between individuals; and ‘‘(16) the term ‘electronic records manage-ment system’ means software designed to manage electronic records, including by— ‘‘(A) categorizing and locating records; ‘‘(B) ensuring that records are retained as long as necessary; ‘‘(C) identifying records that are due for disposition; and ‘‘(D) ensuring the storage, retrieval, and disposition of records.’’. 
SEC. 3. PRESIDENTIAL RECORDS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL REGULATIONS RELATING TO  P
RESIDENTIAL RECORDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2206 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (3); (B) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) provisions for establishing standards necessary for the economical and efficient management of electronic Presidential records during the President’s term of office, including— ‘‘(A) records management controls nec-essary for the capture, management, and preservation of electronic messages; ‘‘(B) records management controls nec-essary to ensure that electronic messages are readily accessible for retrieval through electronic searches; and ‘‘(C) a process to ensure the electronic records management system to be used by the President for the purposes of complying with the requirements in subparagraphs (A) and (B).’’. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2201 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) The term ‘electronic messages’ has the meaning given that term under section 2901(15). ‘‘(7) The term ‘electronic records manage-ment system’ has the meaning given that term under section 2901(16).’’. (b) C
ERTIFICATION OF PRESIDENT ’SMANAGE -
MENT OF PRESIDENTIAL RECORDS .— (1) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Chapter 22 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2210. Certification of the President’s man-agement of Presidential records ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—The Archivist shall annually certify whether the electronic records management controls established by the President meet requirements under sec-tions 2203(a) and 2206(5). ‘‘(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Archivist shall report annually to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives on the status of the certification.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.005 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6200 July 16, 2018 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 22 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2210. Certification of the President’s management of Presidential records.’’. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Section 2203(g) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) One year following the conclusion of a President’s term of office, or if a President serves consecutive terms one year following the conclusion of the last term, the Archi-vist shall submit to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on— ‘‘(A) the volume and format of electronic Presidential records deposited into that President’s Presidential archival depository; and ‘‘(B) whether the electronic records man-agement controls of that President met the requirements under sections 2203(a) and 2206(5).’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1376, the Electronic Message Preserva-tion Act of 2017, introduced by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ), the ranking member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The Electronic Message Preservation Act of 2017 will ensure the Federal Gov-ernment continues to take the nec-essary steps to modernize its record-keeping. Despite the significant shift to elec-tronic communications over the last two decades, many Federal agencies are just now moving away from a print-to-file method of electronic record preservation. Using paper to preserve electronic records is ineffi-cient, difficult to manage, difficult to search, and risks loss of the records. Paper-based systems can also increase the cost to the taxpayer. At the end of 2016, the Office of Man-agement and Budget began requiring agencies to preserve records electroni-cally if they were created electroni-cally. This bill codifies that require-ment. This bill ensures agencies will continue to electronically manage their records, where possible, and closes gaps in current law. H.R. 1376 also requires electronic Presidential records be held to the same archival standards as those of ex-ecutive agencies. I would like to thank the gentleman from Maryland for his work on this im-portant issue this Congress and in the previous Congress. I encourage my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Electronic Message Preservation Act of 2017, and I want to thank Mr. GOWDY , our chairman, for getting this bill to the floor as he has today. I introduced this bill with the goal of modernizing the Federal and Presi-dential Records Acts. This bill would require the Archivist of the United States to issue regulations mandating that all Federal agencies manage and preserve their email records electroni-cally. This bill would help ensure that email records from Federal agencies and the White House are preserved. According to an October 2017 report from the National Archives and Records Administration, approxi-mately 46 percent of agencies continue to print and file paper copies of email messages. These records are more like-ly to get lost and are harder for agen-cies to retrieve during record searches under the Freedom of Information Act. This bill would put into statute what agencies are already required to do under a directive issued by the Archi-vist and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. In 2016, the National Archives issued a document for agency records officers titled: ‘‘Why Agencies Need to Move Toward Electronic Recordkeeping.’’ The document identified a number of reasons, including long-term cost sav-ings, information security, and more efficient and effective implementation of the Freedom of Information Act. This bill also would require the Ar-chivist to establish standards for the preservation and management of email records that are Presidential records and to certify annually that the White House has records management con-trols in place that meet those stand-ards. Under this bill, the Archivist must report 1 year after a President leaves office on whether the controls used by the President met the required stand-ards. This legislation would provide ac-countability to encourage every Presi-dent to have the controls in place that are necessary to preserve emails and other electronic records. This bill has been passed by the House with bipartisan support several times before. I urge my colleagues to support the bill again today, and I hope that the Senate will act on the bill and send it to the President’s desk before the end of the year. Mr. Speaker, I think the gentleman from North Carolina and I have laid out very nicely exactly and eloquently what this bill is all about. It is very important that we modernize all of our systems in the Federal Government, and recordkeeping is so important. We see it, particularly in our com-mittee, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, because we are constantly trying to get records and requesting records and occasionally subpoenaing records. So this is a way, I believe, to make that whole process more effective, efficient, and trans-parent. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1376. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GOOD ACCOUNTING OBLIGATION IN GOVERNMENT ACT Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5415) to require agencies to sub-mit reports on outstanding rec-ommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5415 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Good Ac-counting Obligation in Government Act’’ or the ‘‘GAO–IG Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTS ON OUTSTANDING GOVERN-MENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE AND INSPECTOR GENERAL REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) R EQUIRED REPORTS .—In the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, as submitted with the budget of the Presi-dent under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the head of each agency shall include the following: (1) A report listing each public rec-ommendation of the Government Account-ability Office that is designated by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’ as of the date on which the annual budget justification is sub-mitted. (2) A report listing each public rec-ommendation for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency for which no final action has been taken as of the date on which the annual budget jus-tification is submitted. (3) A report on the implementation status of each public recommendation described in paragraphs (1) and (2), which shall include the following: (A) With respect to a public recommenda-tion that is designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.004 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6201 July 16, 2018 
(i) that the agency has decided not to im-plement, a detailed justification for the deci-sion; or (ii) that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for full implementation. (B) With respect to a public recommenda-tion for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency— (i) for which the agency has taken action not recommended and considers closed, an explanation of the reason why the agency took different action with respect to each audit report to which the public rec-ommendation for corrective action pertains; and (ii) for which no final action has been taken, an explanation of the reasons why no final action was taken with respect to each audit report to which the public rec-ommendation for corrective action pertains. (C) With respect to an outstanding unimplemented public recommendation from the Office of Inspector General of the agency that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for implementation. (4) An explanation for any discrepancy be-tween— (A) the most recent semiannual report sub-mitted by the Inspector General of the agen-cy and the report submitted under para-graphs (2) and (3); and (B) any report submitted by the Govern-ment Accountability Office relating to pub-lic recommendations that are designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’ and any report submitted under paragraph (1) and (2). (b) A
DDITIONAL REPORT REQUIREMENTS FOR  C
ERTAIN AGENCIES .—The head of a covered agency shall include in the annual budget justification described in subsection (a) a written response to each recommendation designated by the Comptroller in the annual priority recommendation letter sent to such head as high priority for attention by that head. (c) C
OPIES OF SUBMISSIONS .—The head of each agency or covered agency, as applica-ble, shall provide a copy of the information submitted under subsections (a) and (b) to the Comptroller General and the Inspector General of the agency. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this bill may be construed to affect an au-thority provided to an Inspector General of an agency under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), including the author-ity of such Inspector General to identify each recommendation on which final action has not been taken. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
GENCY .—the term ‘‘agency’’ means— (A) a designated Federal entity, as defined in section 8G(a)(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (B) an establishment, as defined in section 12(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (2) C
OVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘‘covered agency’’ means the following: (A) Each agency described in section 901(b) of title 31, United States Code. (B) The Internal Revenue Service. (C) The Securities and the Security and Exchange Commission. (D) Any additional agency determined by the Comptroller General. (3) S
EMIANNUAL REPORT .—The term ‘‘semi-annual report’’ means the semiannual report submitted to Congress by each Inspector General under section 5 of the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such re-quirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 5415, the GAO-IG Act. The Government Accountability Of-fice and inspectors general are two of the best sources for recommendations to improve the operations of the Fed-eral Government. Their efforts help fight waste, fraud, and abuse; promote economy, efficiency, and effectiveness within the executive branch; and save taxpayer dollars. GAO and inspector general audits and investigations often end with cor-rective recommendations to the agency reviewed. As of May 2018, the GAO has issued more than 1,500 products with about 4,800 open recommendations. Since 2014, IGs have issued over 8,900 reports, with approximately 40,300 total recommendations. During that same time period, IGs identified over $99 billion in potential savings through their audits, investigations, and rec-ommendations. But all of these recommendations are only as valuable as the agency’s com-mitment to implement them. I intro-duced the GAO-IG Act to ensure every agency evaluates and implements rec-ommendations by GAO and the inspec-tor general. The bill requires agencies to include the unresolved GAO and IG recommendations within their annual budget justification to Congress. Agencies must also report on the im-plementation status of each rec-ommendation and why they are not fully implemented. This creates a for-mal process in which agencies must take stock of their open and unimplemented recommendations each year. This increased transparency will encourage each agency to work with GAO and its inspector general to iden-tify and implement high-priority open recommendations. I would like to thank Representa-tives P
ALMER , D UNCAN , B ISHOP , and F
ITZPATRICK for their cosponsorship of this legislation. I would also like to thank Chairman G
OWDY and Ranking Member C
UMMINGS of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for their support. The bill passed out of the committee unanimously by voice vote earlier this year. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank Mr. WALKER for introducing this well-thought-out bill and very impor-tant bill. I support this bill, which would in-crease the transparency and account-ability of Federal agencies. The bill would require agencies to include in their budget justifications to Congress a summary of the recommendations made by GAO or the agency’s inspector general. Agencies would also be re-quired to explain what steps they are taking to address these recommenda-tions or, if they disagree with them, why they disagree. GAO and inspectors general provide critical oversight of the executive branch. Knowing what agencies are doing or not doing to address GAO and IG recommendations will assist Con-gress in conducting its constitutional oversight role. This is, indeed, a com-monsense measure that I strongly sup-port. I just want to urge the House to pass this bill. One of the things that has concerned many of us in the Congress is the issue of accountability. Accountability is so very, very important. We all have a tremendous amount of respect for the inspectors general and for GAO. Over and over again, they make recommendations, and the ques-tion becomes: Whatever happens to those recommendations? Are they placed on a shelf and never to be seen again, or are they put into place? After all, the American people are spending a lot of money with regard to the re-search and the investigations con-ducted by the IG and the research con-ducted by the GAO. And so, Mr. Speaker, we are very sup-portive of this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. b1515 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5415, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXTENDING VIRGIN ISLANDS OF THE UNITED STATES CENTEN-NIAL COMMISSION ACT Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4446) to amend the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Com-mission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.005 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6202 July 16, 2018 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4446 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SEC. 1. AMENDMENT. 
The Virgin Islands of the United States Cen-tennial Commission Act (Public Law 114–224) is amended— (1) in section 7(b), by striking ‘‘January 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘January 31, 2019’’; and (2) in section 10, by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4446, introduced by the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ). H.R. 4446 would extend the Virgin Is-lands Centennial Commission by a pe-riod of 1 year. Congress established the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Commission to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the transfer of the Vir-gin Islands from Denmark to the United States. The Commission was de-layed in convening. As a result, no events have been planned or carried out, and there is no final report avail-able detailing the Commission’s rec-ommended activities. This bill extends the life of the Com-mission by 1 year to give it more time to plan events celebrating this impor-tant moment in American history. The bill also delays the deadline for sub-mitting the final report by 1 year. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on my bill, H.R. 4446, to extend the Virgin Is-lands Centennial Commission. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OWDY and Ranking Member C UM-
MINGS , House leadership, and staff for their work to bring this bill to the House floor. The Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act was signed into law in 2016 to commemo-rate the 100th anniversary of the Vir-gin Islands of the United States becom-ing an unincorporated territory of the United States and to facilitate discus-sions and events on its relations with the territory. Since its creation, the Commission has seen the appointments of Senators LISA MURKOWSKI , B ILL NELSON , and M
ARCO RUBIO, Representatives T OM M
ACARTHUR and M IALOVE, and Assist-ant Secretary for Insular Areas Doug-las Domenech. The Commission expires September 30, 2018, without the extension of such time. The Commission has been formed to plan, develop, and carry out such ac-tivities as the Commission considers fitting and proper to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Virgin Islands of the United States becoming part of the United States. The Commission also will provide advice and assistance to the Federal, State, and local govern-mental agencies, as well as civic groups, to carry out activities to com-memorate this milestone in the move-ment of the Virgin Islands in its rela-tionship with the United States. Passage of this bill would allow the Commission additional time to accom-plish its mission to study specific issues related to the Virgin Islands of the United States by extending the final report termination deadlines by a year to January 31, 2019, and Sep-tember 30, 2019, respectively. In June, the Centennial Commission met and selected a chair and interim executive director. We are currently in the process of collaborating with the National Museum of African American History and Culture on public pro-grams as well as hearings here and in the Virgin Islands. The Commission is also in the process of engaging stake-holders to become involved in devel-oping future projects to meet its goals and objectives. Last September, as we all know, the Virgin Islands faced catastrophic dam-age from two unprecedented back-to- back Category 5 hurricanes. The recov-ering American citizens residing on the islands would benefit greatly from con-tinued congressional recognition, as well as the work of the Commission not only in commemorating our past, but, more importantly, talking about our future and our continued relationship with the country. This Commission has received na-tional and international support, and an extended lifespan of the Commission would allow it to better benefit from this support and further examine the often inadequate relationship between the territory and the rest of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4446, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4446, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
WAYNE K. CURRY POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4890) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4890 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. WAYNE K. CURRY POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4890, a bill to name the post office at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, after Wayne K. Curry. Mr. Curry was born in Brooklyn in 1951, but grew up in Cheverly, Mary-land. After graduating from Western Maryland College, now McDaniel Col-lege, Curry began working for Prince George’s County while earning his law degree at night. In 1944, Wayne Curry ran and was elected to the position of county executive. Curry passed away from lung cancer on July 2, 2014, at the age of 63. He was a dedicated public servant, and we honor him today by naming a post office after him in the county in which he served. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.011 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6203 July 16, 2018 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 4890 to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Mary-land, as the Wayne K. Curry Post Of-fice Building. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) to tell us more about Mr. Curry. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my colleague from the Vir-gin Islands for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the committee for its consideration in support of H.R. 4890 as well as thank all the members of the Maryland delega-tion for their steadfast support. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4890, which designates the post office at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, in Maryland’s Fourth Con-gressional District the Wayne K. Curry Post Office in honor of our late county executive. Wayne Keith Curry was born in Brooklyn, New York, and grew up in a racially segregated neighborhood in Cheverly, Maryland. His family was among the first non-White families to integrate the community in the early 1950s. He and his older brother were the first African American students to in-tegrate Cheverly Tuxedo Elementary School and then Bladensburg High School. Wayne began his career in public service in the administration of Prince George’s County Executive Winfield Kelly, Jr., from 1975 to 1978. Through his vision, devotion, and tireless work ethic to make a better Prince George’s County, he quickly rose through the ranks of county government. He went on to serve in various roles, including community affairs assistant, administrative assistant to the coun-ty’s chief administrative officer, and senior assistant to the executive. Mr. Curry commuted nightly to Bal-timore, eventually graduating with honors from the University of Mary-land Law School, receiving his juris doctorate in 1980. From 1980 until 1983, Wayne worked as counsel for a large real estate devel-opment company in Prince George’s County, and later decided to start his own law practice in 1984. During this time, he served as general counsel for Dimensions Health Corporation, among other high-profile clients. Although he was a partner at a lucra-tive law firm, public service had a strong grasp on his heart. He served as chairman of the United Way Campaign of Prince George’s County, president of the Prince George’s County Chamber of Commerce, chairman of the School Su-perintendent’s Advisory Committee on Black Male Achievement, and chair-man of the Prince George’s County Substance Abuse Advisory Board. When the opportunity presented itself, he ran for Prince George’s Coun-ty executive in 1994. Running as the un-derdog, he ultimately prevailed. He made history when he became the first African American to serve in the coun-ty’s highest elected office. He brought a renewed vitality to the office and focused his administration on the economic empowerment of his constituents. The transformation of Prince George’s County reflected Wayne Cur-ry’s own life from a sleepy southern hollow that was rural and all White to a large African American majority and increasingly cosmopolitan. County Executive Curry presided over a period of unprecedented popu-lation growth, development, and mod-ernization of Prince George’s County and making it the national standard of African American success in local gov-ernance. Under Wayne’s leadership, Prince George’s County became the first county in our history where edu-cation and income levels rose as it transitioned from majority White to majority African American. His business-friendly approach led Prince George’s County through a se-vere financial crisis, the end of court- mandated bussing, the construction of 26 new schools and a new stadium for the Washington Redskins. He saw the county go from a deficit of $108 million to enjoying a $120 mil-lion surplus, protecting the county’s AAA bond rating. County Executive Wayne K. Curry passed away on July 2, 2014, at the age of 63 after losing his battle to lung can-cer. He is survived by his wife, Sheila Curry; his son, Julian Curry; and daughter, Taylor Curry. Wayne Curry never sought to make history, but simply to serve the com-munity and the people and to better their lives. He was always about the fu-ture and getting it right. Wayne K. Curry will live on through his historical impact on the people that I represent, and this bill will honor the vision, contribution, and leg-acy of the iconic Wayne K. Curry and will be a daily remainder in the heart of the county he cared so deeply about. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time. I urge passage of H.R. 4890, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4890, a bill to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Building.’’ I thank my colleague from Maryland, Congressman A
NTHONY  B
ROWN , for his leadership in introducing this bill, which I am proud to co-sponsor. Wayne Curry was an exceptional leader whose vision and commitment led to many of the groundbreaking developments that have helped make Prince George’s County such a vibrant and dynamic county today. He was also a trailblazer committed to opening the doors of opportunity for African Americans in business and government. Mr. Curry was a graduate of Western Mary-land College and of the University of Maryland Law School in Baltimore. He worked for many years in commercial real estate and then eventually led the Prince George’s Chamber of Commerce. Early in his career, he served as an aide to former County Executive Win-field M. Kelly. Mr. Curry was elected the County Executive of Prince George’s County in 1994—one of the first African Americans to be elected to lead a county in the nation—and was re-elect-ed in 1998. As County Executive, he was a fierce advocate for Prince George’s County and for its residents, and fought to increase funding for public schools, to ensure that eco-nomic development in the county benefited all residents, and to ensure that minority contrac-tors had a fair chance to compete for govern-ment-funded contracts. The Washington Post wrote that Mr. Curry was ‘‘A champion of black affluence’’ who ‘‘be-lieved that economic power was the last mile-stone of the civil rights struggle.’’ We are blessed to have the memory and example of Wayne Curry to help lead us as we continue to fight to reach that last mile-stone and achieve the equality of economic opportunity that is essential to making the American dream a reality for minorities across this nation. I urge all Members to support H.R. 4890 and again thank Congressman BROWN for his work on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4890. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MAJOR ROBERT ODELL OWENS POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5238) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5238 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MAJOR ROBERT ODELL OWENS POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.014 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6204 July 16, 2018 
(Ms. P LASKETT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5238, a bill to name the post of-fice at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brook-lyn, New York, after Major Robert Odell Owens. Major Owens led a life of public serv-ice, beginning as a librarian at the Brooklyn Public Library. At around the same time, Owens became a mem-ber of the Brooklyn chapter of the Con-gress of Racial Equality, where he worked to fight racism and discrimina-tion in New York City. From 1975 to 1982, Owens served as New York State senator. In 1982, Owens won election to the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, where he went on to serve 24 years as a representative to the citi-zens of New York City. In Congress, Owens fought passion-ately for many causes, including edu-cation policy. He was active in the Congressional Black Caucus Education Brain Trust, promoting reading, science, and math education. This bill would honor Congressman Owens’ service by naming a post office in Brooklyn in his name. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. b1530 Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 5238, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office. This is particularly important to me, as Congressman Owens was my Con-gressman as a child growing up, and Saint Johns Place was the street on which my mother lived when she came from the Virgin Islands to live in New York City. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ), and from that great place called Brooklyn, to tell us more about Congressman Owens. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the U.S. Virgin Islands and quasi- Brooklynite for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues’ support for H.R. 5238, the Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office designation. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of a former colleague, a groundbreaking legislator, who is cred-ited and lauded for being a forerunner of the progressive political movement in Brooklyn, New York, my prede-cessor, the Honorable Major Robert Odell Owens. Congressman Owens served in this body from 1983 to 2007, and he served in both Brooklyn’s 12th and 11th Congres-sional Districts of New York. Congress-man Owens still brings to memory for many the fond recollections of his groundbreaking legislative accomplish-ments as a senior, longstanding mem-ber of the Education and the Workforce Committee, and a member of the Con-gressional Black Caucus. Mr. Owens spent 8 years in the New York State Senate before he was elect-ed to serve in Brooklyn, New York’s 12th Congressional District, a seat pre-viously held by the Honorable Shirley Chisholm, his predecessor. Mr. Owens then went on to serve his community for over two decades. Through his committee work and work with the Congressional Black Caucus’ Education Brain Trust, Major Owens became known as the Education Con-gressman, but he was also deemed with another moniker, the Rapping Rep, due to his ability to intertwine his political perspective into rhythmic poetry. Mr. Owens will always be remem-bered for the legislative victories he achieved on the Hill, and his spectac-ular fight, particularly for the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act of 1990, for which he is credited with its passage. His accomplishments in Congress are vast, and many are stemmed from his lifelong passion for education, commu-nity development, and equality. Mr. Owens’ passion for education began during his career in librarianship where he served as the community in-formation librarian at the Brooklyn Public Library for a decade. His friends and fellow activists in the Brooklyn community note that Mr. Owens was known to place collections from the Brooklyn Public Library in local stores, restaurants, laundromats, and more because his passion lay with-in sharing knowledge and resources to those who may not have immediate ac-cess to it. Mr. Owens was one of the founders of the New York Social Responsibilities Roundtable which was an organization that is now a part of the New York Li-brary Association. Their mission is to create a central position for libraries and librarians in the battle for civil rights, social justice, peace, and ever- improved public access to education and information. Congressman Owens’ dynamic pas-sions for public education, information sharing, equality, and civil rights be-came driving forces for him to run for Congress as a former head of the Con-gress of Racial Equality. His legacy in Brooklyn led him to be-come a continued featured speaker at the White House Conference on Library and Information Services, as well as a recipient of the American Library As-sociation’s highest honor: honorary membership. Fittingly nicknamed the Librarian in Congress, Mr. Owens was dedicated to helping communities of color receive access to information resources through local public libraries. Mr. Owens was a pillar within the United States Congress as an advocate for Americans with disabilities, social justice reform, library funding, edu-cation reform, as well as development in public schools and libraries to en-sure that underserved communities did not lack access to information and edu-cation resources. As a young public servant myself, I was inspired by Mr. Owens’ work with the disabilities activists who often vis-ited his office and eventually provided testimony before Mr. Owens’ House Subcommittee on Select Education where he fought to pass the Americans with Disabilities Act, the ADA. Today, Brooklynites benefit from public library resource initiatives be-cause of his advocacy for funding. The ADA still stands as a law to prevent discrimination against Americans with disabilities, as it guarantees to create equal opportunity for the special needs community. To this day, my colleagues and I work to protect this law at all costs, thanks to Congressman Owens’ dedica-tion to ensure that this law was en-acted. I am so proud to be his suc-cessor. H.R. 5238 would designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, the Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office. Congressman Owens will always be remembered in the district that he rep-resented, and I am extremely pleased that the House will consider this bill in honor of his rich legacy and contribu-tions to our great Chamber. As I continue the distinct honor of representing the Ninth Congressional District of New York, I look forward to commemorating the life, memory, and integrity of our former House col-league, Congressman Major Robert Odell Owens, my trailblazing prede-cessor. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for yielding me the time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge passage of H.R. 5238, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5238. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.017 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6205 July 16, 2018 
STANLEY MICHELS POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2692) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2692 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. STANLEY MICHELS POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2692, a bill to name the post office at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, after Stanley E. Michels. Stanley Michels was a lawyer and politician from Washington Heights who was a New York councilman from 1978 to 2001. He was active in environ-mental protection and public health, having sponsored New York City’s first law regulating smoking in public places. Michels also sponsored one of the first city laws to prevent childhood lead poisoning, and he played a signifi-cant role in expanding the city’s recy-cling program. Stanley Michels was a dedicated public servant. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of S. 2692, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York as the Stanley Michels Post Office Building. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ), to tell us more about Stan-ley E. Michels. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman S
TACEY  P
LASKETT for yielding me time as well as Ranking Member E
LIJAH CUMMINGS  and T
REY GOWDY for their support in bringing this bill to the floor. I have a special acknowledgement and thank you to Senator K
IRSTEN  G
ILLIBRAND , who introduced the Senate version of my bill which is before us today. I rise in strong support of S. 2692, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in Manhattan as the Stanley Michels Post Office Building. Stanley Michels was a great public servant. He was a loving family man and he was from my neighborhood of Washington Heights. He served on the New York City Council from 1978 to 2001, representing Council District 6, and always did so with distinction and with integrity. As the chairman of the New York City Council’s Committee on Environ-mental Protection from 1992 through 2001, Stanley was best known for his activism on environmental issues, par-ticularly water quality, and also he was a strong advocate of tenants’ rights. He was a very strong supporter of New York City parks. They called him the King of the Parks in New York City and he injected millions of dollars into the park system across the City of New York, but, particularly, in northern Manhattan: Fort Tryon Park, Inwood Hill Park, Highbridge Park, Bennett Park, and Isham Park. All of these parks in the long, narrow neck of northern Manhattan received tremen-dous funding from Stanley Michels. In many ways, Stanley was ahead of his time. In 1987, he was a prime spon-sor of the Clean Indoor Air Act, which was New York City’s first law regu-lating smoking in public places. He was also the visionary behind the Child-hood Lead Poisoning Prevention Act of 1982, legislation that is still relevant today in New York City and New York State. He played a significant role in ex-panding the city’s recycling program and in advocating for a memorandum of understanding among the city, the State, and upstate communities to pro-tect the city’s watershed in the Cats-kill Mountains. After years of public service and a long fight against cancer, Stanley passed away in 2008, but his legacy will not be forgotten. It is my honor to see a post office named in his honor. Stanley Michels and his family poured their hearts into making New York City a better place for all of us to live in. This included: his wife, Molly Michels; his sister, Ellen Grant; his son, Jeffrey; and his two daughters, Karen and Shari Michels—who is now a New York City civil court judge—and three grandchildren. Stanley Michels left a tremendous legacy and he made a difference. Nam-ing this post office after Stanley Michels is a fitting tribute to honor his memory and all of his contributions to New York City. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have sponsored this bill, and I look forward to celebrating Stanley Michels’ legacy next month. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time. I urge passage of S. 2692, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2692. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CORPORAL JEFFERY ALLEN WILLIAMS POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4407) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the ‘‘Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building.’’ The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4407 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CORPORAL JEFFERY ALLEN WIL-LIAMS POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Cor-poral Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. b1545 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.019 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6206 July 16, 2018 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4407, introduced by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). H.R. 4407 would name the post office on Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illi-nois, in honor of the life and service of Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams. Corporal Williams was born in 1985 and graduated from Wheaton Warrenville South High School in 2003. Shortly after graduating, Williams joined the Army and trained to become a medical specialist, dedicating his ca-reer and life to help his fellow soldiers. Williams was deployed to Iraq in 2005, where he was assigned as a medic in then-Colonel H.R. McMaster’s personal security detachment. Tragically, Cor-poral Williams was killed in action in Iraq in September 2005. He is remembered by his troop as a dedicated, tough, and disciplined medic who always put others before himself. His decorations include the Purple Heart, the Bronze Star, and the Army Commendation Medal. We thank Corporal Williams for his service and sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill to honor him. I look forward to hearing more about Cor-poral Williams from the sponsor of this bill, Mr. H
ULTGREN , in a few minutes, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 4407 to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building. Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams began his military career in 2003, com-pleting his basic training at Fort Benning, Georgia, and qualifying as a 91W specialist and basic medical tech-nician. He was deployed to Iraq in Feb-ruary 2005 and was tragically killed in action on September 5 of that year while serving as a medic for the regi-mental commander’s personal security detachment. Corporal Williams’ awards include the Purple Heart, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, and the Bronze Star, as well as the Combat Medic Badge. Corporal Williams was well loved in his community and held a special re-gard for the post office, having spent many days in his youth becoming friends with the office staff. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to name the post office in Warrenville, Illinois, in memory of Corporal Wil-liams and the ultimate sacrifice he made to his community and this coun-try. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 4407, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), who is the sponsor of this bill. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague, Mr. WALKER , for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor and in memory of Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams from my district in Warrenville, Illinois. Jeff will be remembered by his fellow servicemen and women as a dedicated, tough, and disciplined medic who al-ways put others before himself and was committed to his medical mission and fellow soldiers. Upon graduation from Wheaton Warrenville South High School, Jeff began his military training in 2003 at Fort Benning, Georgia. He continued his training at Fort Sam Houston, Texas, graduating as a 91 Whiskey medical specialist and basic emergency medical technician. In January 2004, Jeff was assigned to Fort Carson, Colo-rado, with Medical Troop, Support Squadron of the Third Armored Cav-alry Regiment. Jeff deployed to Iraq in February 2005 with the ambulance platoon and was assigned as a medic for the regimental commander’s personal security detach-ment. During his tour, Jeff recognized the dire need for qualified medics and decided to reenlist in order to further serve his fellow soldiers and his coun-try. When his service would eventually end, Jeff intended to continue his col-lege education and become a physi-cian’s assistant after his return from Iraq. Tragically, while serving in Tal Afar, Iraq, Jeff was killed in action on September 5, 2005. During his all too brief but distin-guished military career, Jeff received various awards and decorations, includ-ing the Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart, Army Commendation Medal, Iraqi Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, National De-fense Service Medal, and the Army Service Ribbon. Jeff was also awarded the Combat Medic Badge. While Jeff is remembered by his Army colleagues as a dedicated and selfless soldier, he was that and much more to his family and friends at home. Those in the Warrenville community described Jeff as ‘‘the gregarious glue that connected our social networks to-gether.’’ Jeff’s sense of humor was magnetic, and his ability to connect with people and care about others was incredible. He befriended pretty much everyone in his class of 700 at Wheaton Warrenville South High School. Jeff had a special affection for new students and was their first friend, making a point to sit with them at lunch and including them in his group of friends. Everyone who knew Jeff loved him, and there were few people in the Warrenville community who did not know Jeff. Jeff and his younger brother were raised by their mother. As the older brother, Jeff took on many of the household responsibilities, which in-cluded running errands for his mother. Jeff’s frequent and favorite errand was running to the Warrenville Post Office for his mother. Over time, he came to know employees by name and they him, and he became friends with most of them. Jeff would go out of his way to brighten everyone’s day there. He would often get lost in conversation, causing him to arrive home late. His mother came to realize that if Jeff wasn’t home, he likely was at the post office, making friends and engaging with all who crossed his path. Therefore, it is entirely appropriate, in honor of Jeff’s service to our Nation, that I am introducing this legislation, H.R. 4407, to name the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the memory of Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams by supporting my legislation to name a post office facility in his hometown after this remarkable young man, so that his service and sacrifice and his impression on his community may be long remembered. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge passage of H.R. 4407, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4407. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GEORGE SAKATO POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 931) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 931 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. GEORGE SAKATO POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.023 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6207 July 16, 2018 
gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 931, introduced by the senior Sen-ator from Colorado, Senator C
ORY G
ARDNER . S. 931 would name the post office at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, in honor of Private George T. Sakato. Born in Colton, California, Sakato joined the U.S. Army in 1944. Sakato served in the Army’s 442nd Regimental Combat Team during World War II. On October 29, 1944, Sakato showed ex-traordinary heroism, charging a hill on the front line in France, winning con-trol of the site and assuming control of his platoon after his platoon leader was killed in action. In recognition of his heroism, Con-gress awarded him Nation’s highest award for military valor, the Medal of Honor. After returning home, Sakato contin-ued 27 years of his life to work at the Stockyards Station Post Office. Today and through this bill, we cele-brate Private Sakato’s life and service to his Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill honoring his life and service, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of S. 931 to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colo-rado, as the George Sakato Post Office. Born in California in 1921, George Sakato overcame discrimination to be-come an American hero. Classified as an ‘‘enemy alien’’ because of his Japa-nese heritage, Mr. Sakato was rejected by the Army Air Forces when he tried to enlist shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor. Mr. Sakato did not quit though, say-ing decades later, in 2009: ‘‘What do you mean ‘enemy alien’? I am an Amer-ican.’’ Mr. Sakato continued trying to en-list until he was finally accepted by the Army Ground Forces in 1944 and sent to fight in Europe, and we are glad that he did. There, he exemplified hard work and selflessness, serving with the 442nd Regimental Combat Team, a unit of Japanese Americans that would be-come the most highly decorated com-bat unit of its size and time serving in U.S. history. Private Sakato would contribute to that legacy, earning the Army’s second highest combat honor, the Distin-guished Service Cross, after coura-geously leading his fellow soldiers to overtake the enemy in France after his platoon leader was killed. In the year 2000, Private Sakato was awarded, as we heard, the Medal of Honor along with 21 other Asian Amer-ican World War II veterans. Private Sakato worked for the United States post office in Denver for more than two decades and passed away at the age of 94 in 2015. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of S. 931 to commemorate Private Sakato’s service and to honor the contributions he and so many other Japanese Ameri-cans have made to this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 931. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JACK H. BROWN POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2979) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2979 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JACK H. BROWN POST OFFICE BUILD-ING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, Cali-fornia, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from the Maryland (Mr. S
ARBANES ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2979, a bill to name the post of-fice at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino in honor of Jack H. Brown. Jack Brown was born in San Bernardino, California, in 1938. He served in the Navy’s Pacific Fleet dur-ing the Vietnam era. After returning home, Brown took a job at Stater Bros. Markets, a popular local grocery store. He would go on to found Stater Brothers Charities, along with the Boys and Girls Club in San Bernardino and Children’s Fund of San Bernardino County. Jack did a great deal for his commu-nity, and it is fitting that we would name now a post office in his home-town in his honor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 2979, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the Jack H. Brown Post Office Building. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ) so that he may tell us more about the honorable veteran from San Bernardino, Cali-fornia, Jack Brown. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. Many communities have larger-than- life figures, people who dedicate them-selves to the service of others and change countless lives for the better, leaders who touch so many lives that their legacies outlive them. For my community in southern California’s In-land Empire, that figure was Jack H. Brown. Jack was the executive chairman of Stater Bros. Markets, one of the Inland Empire’s largest employers. But he will be remembered for far more than his successes as a local community mem-ber than as a business leader. Jack poured himself into our commu-nity using his time and resources to make the Inland Empire a better place, especially for children. He helped es-tablish the Boys and Girls Club of San Bernardino to give the children of our community a safe place to learn, live, and grow. He served as the founding chairman for the Children’s Fund of San Bernardino County, a nonprofit organi-zation that has provided assistance to more than 1.4 million children in our region since its inception in 1986. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.026 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6208 July 16, 2018 
But Jack’s commitment to his com-munity didn’t stop there. Each time our region has been rocked by earth-quakes, wildfires, floods, or acts of ter-ror, like on December 2, 2015, we knew that Jack Brown would be there for the community and for the brave first re-sponders who ensured that loss of life didn’t continue to grow. b1600 When we lost Jack Brown in late 2016, we lost a constant presence in our community. That is why I offered this bill to designate the U.S. Post Office at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino as the Jack H. Brown Post Office Building. While I can never truly repay Jack for all that he did for our commu-nity, I am hopeful that honoring his name in this way will restore that con-stant presence and remind the Inland Empire of the contributions of this truly great man. Jack and I had a great relationship. Although he liked to tell me that I was his mayor in Redlands, Jack was sure to remind everyone that San Bernardino was his hometown. I am proud that this bill will memorialize his name at the center of the home-town that he loved so much. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this bill. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time. I urge the passage of H.R. 2979, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2979. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SPECIALIST TREVOR A. WIN’E POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4946) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 1075 North Tustin Street in Or-ange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4946 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SPECIALIST TREVOR A. WIN’E POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Spe-cialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
AR-
BANES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may conclude. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4946, a bill to name the post of-fice at 1075 North Tustin Street in Or-ange, California, in honor of U.S. Army Specialist Trevor Win’E. Trevor Win’E was born in 1981, in Or-ange, California. Specialist Win’E en-listed in the Army shortly after the 9/ 11 terrorist attacks to train as a petro-leum supply specialist. In 2003, he was set to deploy to South Korea but requested to, instead, deploy with his unit to Iraq, a request the Army granted. One year later, he was killed when his convoy encountered an IED attack in Tikrit, Iraq, causing fatal injuries. Today, we honor Specialist Trevor Win’E’s bravery and sacrifice for our Nation with a small but lasting symbol of our gratefulness and respect. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 4946, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) to tell us more about Trevor Anthony Win’E. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to rise today in support of H.R. 4946. Freedom is not free. All gave some, and many made the ultimate sacrifice for our country and for our freedom. Army Specialist Trevor Anthony Win’E, one of my constituents, made the ultimate sacrifice. I am privileged today to introduce this bill to name the United States Post Office at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, Cali-fornia, after Army Specialist Trevor Anthony Win’E. Trevor was born on September 24, 1981, the youngest of three children, to Rick and Deborah Win’E. He attended Calvary Chapel High School in Santa Ana, my hometown, graduating in the year 2000. His family and close friends recall Trevor as a compassionate and devout young man, always willing to help, always willing to lend a hand. Trevor was indeed a man of strong convictions who wanted to serve our country. Just months after the 9/11 at-tacks on our country, Trevor enlisted in the U.S. Army on May 1, 2002. After basic training, he was trained as a petroleum supply specialist. He was assigned to the Army’s 24th Quar-termaster Supply Company at Fort Lewis, Washington, where he had a key role in multiple training operations. According to Lieutenant Colonel John Pratt, commander of the 24th Quarter-master Supply Company, Trevor was dedicated to his fellow soldiers. In November 2003, Trevor’s company was scheduled to deploy to Iraq, but Trevor was assigned to move to South Korea instead. He, of course, requested he deploy and serve alongside his fel-low servicemembers in Iraq. Trevor was granted his request and continued to serve with his company, with his co-workers in Iraq. In Tikrit, Iraq, Trevor was in the lead truck of a convoy, serving as a turret gunner. Unfortunately, the con-voy was attacked by multiple impro-vised explosive devices and Trevor suf-fered severe injuries. The following day, on May 1, 2004, 2 years to the date of his enlistment, Trevor died. He was 22 years young. Trevor was proud of his military service and wanted to serve in a capac-ity critical to the operations of a fight-ing force. He answered the call of duty after our Nation was attacked. Naming the post office after Trevor is a fitting tribute to his service and sacrifice to our great country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4946. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, actu-ally, I have no further speakers. I want to thank the gentleman for his power-ful words about a life well and honor-ably lived. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 4946, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4946. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.028 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6209 July 16, 2018 
SERGEANT DIETRICH SCHMIEMAN POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5504) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5504 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SERGEANT DIETRICH SCHMIEMAN POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
AR-
BANES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5504, a bill introduced by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) to name a post office in West Richland, Washington, in honor of Marine Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman. Marine Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman grew up in Richland, Wash-ington. After graduating high school in 2009, Schmieman enlisted in the Marine Corps, eventually attending the Special Operations School. Sergeant Schmieman completed two overseas deployments. He received multiple honors during his service, in-cluding two Marine Corps Achievement Medals and a Navy Meritorious Unit Commendation. He also achieved his goal of serving as a critical skills oper-ator in the 2nd Raider Battalion. In July 2017, Sergeant Schmieman was tragically killed in a cargo plane crash over Mississippi. We thank him for his service to our Nation, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill in his honor. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to hear-ing more about this bill from Congress-man NEWHOUSE in a few minutes, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 5504, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Build-ing. A graduate of Columbia Basin Col-lege, Dietrich Schmieman joined the Marine Corps in 2009. Following a de-ployment to Okinawa, Japan, as a mili-tary parachutist and diver, Dietrich was promoted to sergeant and selected for Marine Corps Special Operations School. You heard that he tragically lost his life in a cargo plane crash in July, but before that, he would complete a sec-ond overseas deployment and attain his goal of serving as a critical skills oper-ator. Sergeant Schmieman received 14 awards and decorations during his serv-ice and continues to be deeply missed by his Marine team, who plans to climb his beloved Mount Rainier in his honor this summer. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 5504, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from North Carolina for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of legislation that will com-memorate the life and service of a young man from central Washington who died serving his country just over a year ago, on July 10, 2017. Marine Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman grew up in Richland, Wash-ington, with his parents, Eric and Susan, and his two brothers, Aaron and Hans. He attended Christ the King Catholic School, Hanford High School, and Columbia Basin College, where he met friends who would remain close to him throughout his entire life. In 2010, with a world of opportunity ahead of him, he chose to dedicate his life to service and enlist in the United States Marine Corps. It was his goal to serve within Special Operations Com-mand. Throughout his service, he received 14 awards and decorations, including several Achievement Medals, Good Conduct Medals, and the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal. He had com-pleted two overseas deployments, serv-ing our Nation during Operation En-during Freedom. He achieved his goal, honorably serv-ing as a critical skills operator in the U.S. Marine Corps 2nd Raider Battalion at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, when he was tragically killed in a KC–130 plane crash in Mississippi on July 10, 2017. My legislation would designate the U.S. Postal Service facility at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Rich-land, Washington, as the Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Build-ing. Dietrich and his fellow servicemem-bers gave the ultimate sacrifice, and I hope to honor his memory, as well as the memory of the 15 other men and women killed in the crash, with this dedication to their service. Dietrich’s strong ties to his family, friends, and hometown continue to be evident. An avid skydiver, Dietrich’s death inspired his parents, childhood friends, and fellow marines to complete a memorial skydive over central Wash-ington. He had a tattoo symbolizing his love of the Pacific Northwest and re-quested that his ashes be spread on Mount Rainier, where his Marine brothers-in-arms will hike this August in his honor. We recently observed the 1-year anni-versary of the devastating plane crash, and I know that the designation of this post office will mean a lot to Dietrich’s family and to our community, serving as a local memorial and a reminder of the sacrifice he and his fellow service-members gave to preserve the freedoms that are the cornerstone of our Nation. I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation to name this building, which will be visited often by friends and family, after a courageous young man whose life and service deserve this honor. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge the passage of H.R. 5504 in memory of Sergeant Schmieman, an American hero, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5504. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1615 CREATING ADVANCED STREAM-LINED ELECTRONIC SERVICES FOR CONSTITUENTS ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3076) to amend section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Privacy Act) to re-quire agencies to accept electronic re-lease forms, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3076 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.032 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6210 July 16, 2018 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Creating Ad-vanced Streamlined Electronic Services for Constituents Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘CASES Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) congressional offices provide crucial services to constituents by acting as a liai-son between the constituents and the respec-tive agencies; (2) this includes assisting constituents by making inquiries and working toward resolu-tions on behalf of the constituent with the respective agencies; and (3) this process should be simplified through the creation of electronic forms that may be submitted under section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Privacy Act), thus modernizing the process for constituents and improving ac-cess and efficiency of Government services and agencies in order to expedite the resolu-tion of the problem for which constituents sought help. 
SEC. 3. OMB GUIDANCE ON ELECTRONIC CON-SENT FORMS. 
(a) G UIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall issue guidance that does the following: (1) Establishes— (A) standards for each agency to develop an electronic identity proofing and authen-tication process for allowing an individual to provide a prior written electronic consent form for the disclosure of the individual’s record under section 552a(b) of title 5, United States Code, or for individual access to a record under section 552a(d) of such title; or (B) a method by which each agency can electronically identity proof and authen-ticate an individual submitting an electronic consent form through a central online por-tal. (2) Creates a template for an electronic consent form that can be properly identity proofed and authenticated in accordance with paragraph (1). (3) Requires each agency to accept the electronic consent form described in para-graph (2) that provides consent from any in-dividual properly identity proofed and au-thenticated in accordance with paragraph (1) from the individual providing consent or an entity other than the individual, including a congressional office, on behalf of the indi-vidual for the purpose of authorizing the dis-closure of the individual’s record in accord-ance with section 552a(b) or 552a(d) of title 5, United States Code. (4) Authorizes each agency to provide an online link to the consolidated online portal described under subsection (b)(1). (b) P
ORTAL ; CONSENT IDENTIFIER ; CONGRES -
SIONAL FUNCTION .— (1) C
ONSOLIDATED ONLINE PORTAL .— (A) O
PERATION OF PORTAL .—The Director (or a designee) shall operate (or designate the head of an agency to operate) a consoli-dated online portal that allows a member of the public to submit an electronic consent form in accordance with the guidance issued pursuant to subsection (a) to any agency from a single website. (B) P
RIVACY AND OTHER FEATURES .—The portal shall include features to protect the privacy of individuals using the portal and may include any additional functions the Di-rector finds will improve the implementa-tion of this section. (C) U
SE OF EXISTING WEBSITE OR PORTAL .— The Director may use any existing website or portal to satisfy the requirements of this subsection, including the portal established under section 552(m) of title 5, United States Code. (2) CONSENT IDENTIFIER .—The Director, or a designee, shall assign each consent form sub-mitted through the portal described in para-graph (1) a consent identifier, which shall be provided to the agency and the individual or entity submitting the consent form. The agency shall track the consent form with the consent identifier. (3) C
ONGRESSIONAL ASSISTANCE FUNCTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director, or a des-ignee, shall ensure the operation of a func-tion that allows a congressional office to provide a publicly available online link to the portal described in paragraph (1), which shall auto-populate information about such congressional office, including an indication of consent for such office to access a record in accordance with section 552a(b) of title 5, United States Code, in the consent form accessed through the portal. (B) N
OTIFICATION OF CONSENT IDENTIFIER  
REQUIRED .— The Director, or a designee, shall ensure the function sends the consent identifier to the congressional office when a consent form is submitted to an agency through the portal as accessed through the function. (c) A
GENCY COMPLIANCE .—Each agency shall comply with the guidance issued pursu-ant to subsection (a) not later than 1 year after the date on which such guidance is issued. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
GENCY ; INDIVIDUAL ; RECORD .—The terms ‘‘agency’’, ‘‘individual’’, and ‘‘record’’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 552a(a) of title 5, United States Code. (2) C
ONSENT IDENTIFIER .—The term ‘‘con-sent identifier’’ means a nonproprietary, unique identification number. (3) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
SEC. 4. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such re-quirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
AR-
BANES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3076, the CASES for Constituents Act, introduced by the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). One of the most important services we can provide our constituents is help in navigating the complicated bureauc-racy of Federal agencies. Whether it is a senior who needs help with a Social Security office or a veteran whose ben-efits are delayed, as Members of Con-gress, we can often help constituents reach a real person and get better re-sults from Federal agencies. However, in order for us to assist constituents while protecting their pri-vacy rights, the Privacy Act requires constituents to complete and sign a consent form before agencies can pro-vide a Member of Congress information about the case. The constituent prints the form or obtains it in person from a congressional office, signs it, and then mails, faxes, emails, or physically brings it back to the congressional of-fice. The congressional office then must send the consent form to the agency from which the constituent needs help. This process has unnecessary steps, leading to delays that frustrate our constituents, many of whom need help quickly. H.R. 3076 helps to speed up the proc-ess by allowing constituents to submit Privacy Act consent forms electroni-cally directly to the agency or a cen-tral portal. H.R. 3076 instructs the Of-fice of Management and Budget to issue guidance to Federal agencies to accept electronic consent. OMB’s guid-ance will maintain a role for congres-sional caseworkers to advocate on be-half of constituents for a swift resolu-tion. A swift resolution is especially im-portant for those constituents in the wake of natural disasters, since vic-tims often need to reach out to mul-tiple Federal entities for relief. At a time when many citizens need help from their government, allowing them to communicate more easily with the government is the very least we can do. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Representatives GARRET GRAVES and J
OEKENNEDY for introducing this bill to improve constituents’ experiences when they are seeking help. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this practical solution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, the CASES for Constituents Act, intro-duced by Representatives G
ARRET  G
RAVES and J OEKENNEDY . This bill, as you heard, would mod-ernize the way Federal agencies proc-ess Privacy Act waivers and make it easier for Members of Congress to help constituents get assistance from Fed-eral agents. We all know what this means. It helps to speed up the process of assisting your constituents, so it is a very valuable improvement. A constituent has to provide an agen-cy with written consent before a con-gressional office can obtain informa-tion from the agency on behalf of the constituent. Some agencies, as we have heard and know, have outdated policies and still require these consent forms to be mailed or faxed. Under the bill be-fore us, the Office of Management and Budget would be required to establish standards for Federal agencies to ac-cept electronic consent forms and for agencies to accept such forms. The bill also would require the OMB to operate a consolidated online portal that would allow individuals to submit electronic consent forms and to track 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.015 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6211 July 16, 2018 
the status of their form. The bill would also allow congressional offices to pro-vide online links to the portal. I appreciate very much the bipar-tisan way in which this bill was devel-oped. I want to thank the majority for their cooperation in making a number of improvements to the bill; for exam-ple, the substitute amendment would require OMB to include features to pro-tect the privacy of individuals who use the consolidated online portal required under the bill. Mr. Speaker, this is a good, bipar-tisan bill. I urge my colleagues to sup-port it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gen-tleman from North Carolina for work-ing with us on this, as well as many staff and members from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mr. Speaker, can you imagine for a minute if you had a medical emergency at your house and you had to mail a form to the ambulance service to have them come address the heart attack victim or other type of medical emer-gency that is occurring at your house? How irrational is that? Obviously, it doesn’t make sense to do something like that, to mail for something that may be an emergency. Mr. Speaker, can you imagine, even in today’s time, with the strict de-mands we have for customer service, if we actually had to truly mail order forms to different online companies to have them deliver something, to retail outlets to have them deliver some-thing, a product to our house? There would be no tolerance for that. In fact, Mr. Speaker, the government right now, the government today, our own United States Government which is here to serve our own Americans, only has a customer service rating of about 70 percent. In fact, it is less than 70 percent. Well, that might have been a high watermark for my grades in school— maybe—Mr. Speaker, but that is abso-lutely an unacceptable level. This is our government. These are our tax-payers. Why is it that private industry has been able to use technology to provide better customer service, to provide faster services? It is because they care about their customers and they care about their business and there is an in-centive for them to do so. They don’t have a monopoly, like the Federal Gov-ernment does, for many of the services that it offers, but that does not excuse the Federal Government from pro-viding better services. Mr. Speaker, I had an opportunity to work very closely with Congressman J
OEKENNEDY to help develop this legis-lation, and this is a solution to help bring the United States Government into the 21st century, or perhaps the 20th century. It simply does the same thing that private companies have fig-ured out how to do for decades now, where we can access our banks online, we can access our insurance online, where we can go online to buy gro-ceries and virtually any other good or service that we need. We can even file our own taxes with the Federal Gov-ernment. Yet the Privacy Act of 1974, as it is implemented today, requires, in order for us to provide services to our con-stituents, which may be an emergency situation, that they have to print out a form and mail it in, and that we then have to take and mail it to an agency. That is ridiculous in 2018, and it is un-acceptable. This bipartisan legislation addresses that. It allows for people to access their own government, access govern-ment services to address important things like, perhaps, accessing their VA benefits; like, perhaps, fixing a wrong the IRS has caused; like, per-haps, dislodging a permit or some other type of service the government is sup-posed to provide and has been sitting on, in some cases as we have dealt with, for years. Mr. Speaker, I want to tell you a quick story. In 2016, in August of that year, in my hometown of Baton Rouge in south Louisiana, we experienced a 1,000-year flood. People were calling us by the hundreds per day, calling and saying: I need help. I need help with FEMA, SBA, and other government services. We said: Yes, you bet. All you need to do is go to our website, print out this form, and then mail it to us. Mr. Speaker, I can’t say on the House floor some of the responses our office received whenever they were telling us about the 4 feet of water that their computers and printers and other equipment were under. It was a real aha moment. How ridiculous is it that we sit here and act like we are 80 years ago as a government? We can do better. This simply brings us to current technology, to allow constituents to reach out to our offices when we are addressing urgent issues, like passport issues for folks stuck in other coun-tries, like Department of Defense issues where our own military men and women may be having problems in other countries, where our own citizens aren’t getting the benefits that they paid for or they earned. It gives us the ability to quickly step in and address their issues, to intervene on their be-half and get these issues resolved. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, espe-cially, my friend JOEKENNEDY for working with us so closely on this bi-partisan legislation, Congresswoman M
IMI WALTERS , Congressman G ENE G
REEN , Congressmen W ILLHURD and K
EVIN MCCARTHY through the Innova-tion Initiative, Congressman M
ARK M
EADOWS , Delegate E LEANOR HOLMES  N
ORTON , Congresswoman B ARBARA  C
OMSTOCK , and many others who pro-vided input to us, helped us perfect this legislation and get it here today. I want to thank the bipartisan cospon-sors and folks who helped us on this. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, obvi-ously this bill would work a very sub-stantial improvement on our con-stituent services operations. I have no further speakers. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 3076, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3076, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget to issue guidance on electronic consent forms, and for other pur-poses.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SPC. STERLING WILLIAM WYATT POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4960) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 511 East Walnut Street in Co-lumbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4960 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SPC. STERLING WILLIAM WYATT POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Build-ing’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
AR-
BANES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.036 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6212 July 16, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4960, a bill introduced by the gentle-woman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) to name the post office at 511 East Wal-nut Street in Columbia, Missouri, in honor of Specialist Sterling William Wyatt. Sterling Wyatt was born and raised in Columbia, Missouri. Even before he graduated high school, Wyatt had shown great service and achievement. He participated in the youth group and operated the sound equipment for his church. He made the rank of Eagle Scout. He earned a black belt in tae kwon do, and he received a certifi-cation as a nurse attendant. After graduating high school in 2009, Wyatt continued his service, enlisting in the United States Army, where he was assigned to the 5th Battalion, 2nd Infantry Division, and was ultimately deployed to Afghanistan. On July 11, 2012, when on patrol in Kandahar, Afghanistan, Wyatt’s vehi-cle was attacked by an IED, and he was killed in action at age 21. Specialist Wyatt made the ultimate sacrifice in his service of his nation. In recognition of his heroism, Specialist Wyatt was awarded the Medal of Valor, the Bronze Star, and the National De-fense Service Medal, among others. We commend him for his service and honor him for his sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman H
ARTZLER for introducing the bill and look forward to hearing more about the bill from her in the next few minutes. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 4960, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building. Specialist Wyatt epitomized dedica-tion and hard work, becoming an Eagle Scout, first degree black belt in tae kwon do, and a certified nurse attend-ant before his high school graduation. He carried that spirit with him when he enlisted in the Army, joining the 20th Infantry Regiment. Specialist Wyatt deployed to Kandahar, Afghani-stan, and gave his life on July 11, 2012, when his vehicle was hit by an IED. Just 21 years old, Specialist Wyatt was awarded the Medal of Valor and a Bronze Star. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to remember the ultimate sacrifice paid by Specialist Sterling William Wyatt. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 4960, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Mis-souri (Mrs. HARTZLER ), the sponsor of this bill. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask support for H.R. 4960, which would name the downtown Co-lumbia, Missouri, post office in mem-ory of one of our Nation’s heroes, Spe-cialist Sterling William Wyatt, who proudly served in the United States Army. I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member and so many of my colleagues for your support of this legislation. Sterling was born and raised in Co-lumbia, Missouri, located in the heart of Missouri’s Fourth Congressional Dis-trict. Early on, Sterling showed his com-mitment to service by being an active participant in his youth group and in his church. Through his service and hard work, he was quite an accom-plished young man. He earned the rank of Eagle Scout, a first degree black belt in tae kwon do, and a certification as a certified nurse attendant, all be-fore graduating from high school in 2009. b1630 Soon after, he decided to continue his lifestyle of service by joining the United States Army. He was assigned to the 5th Battalion, 20th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 2nd Infantry Division at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington. Tragically, Specialist Wyatt was killed on July 11, 2012, while on patrol in Kandahar, Afghanistan. He was only 21 years old. His vehicle was attacked with an enemy improvised explosive device. His awards and decorations for his service are many, including, but not limited to, the Medal of Valor and Bronze Star. Specialist Wyatt’s dedication to serv-ing his community and country were a testament to his faith and his family, especially his loving parents, Randy and Sherry Wyatt. It is fitting that we bring this bill today for a vote before the United States House of Representatives, be-cause just a few days ago we solemnly remembered the 6-year anniversary of his passing. As representatives of the people who bravely serve our country, especially those who pay the ultimate sacrifice, we owe it to their lives and memories to never forget all that they have done for us. Although Sterling was taken from us too soon, this bill will enshrine his memory in our community for pos-terity so everyone can know this brave soldier and be reminded that freedom is not free. And maybe, when others learn about Sterling’s story and sacrifice, they, too, will put service above self and an-swer the call to serve, which is the no-blest and most honorable action any-one can take. Truly, greater love has no one than this, to lay down one’s life for one’s friends. Sterling did this for his brothers and sisters in arms, for those who yearn to be free in a des-perate land, and for all of us. We will forever be grateful. And, with the renaming of this post office in Columbia, Missouri, the Spe-cialist Sterling William Wyatt Post Of-fice Building, we will always remember and always be grateful. I ask my colleagues to support this legislation to honor Specialist Wyatt’s memory. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge the passage of H.R. 4960 in honor of Specialist Wyatt, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4960. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
HARMON KILLEBREW POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3230) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3230 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. HARMON KILLEBREW POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Harmon Kille-brew Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
AR-
BANES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.039 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6213 July 16, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3230, a bill introduced by the gen-tleman from Idaho (Mr. L
ABRADOR ), to name the post office at 915 Center Ave-nue in Payette, Idaho, in honor of Har-mon Killebrew. Harmon Clayton Killebrew was born in Payette, Idaho, in 1936. He began his career playing major league baseball in 1954. He played over 22 seasons with multiple teams, and when he retired in 1975, he had the fifth most home runs in major league history. Killebrew was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1984. In 1976, Killebrew cofounded the Danny Thompson Memo-rial, an annual golf tournament that raises money for cancer research. Sadly, on March 17, 2011, at the age of 74, Killebrew passed away. He left an incredible legacy, one we continue to honor with this bill. I thank the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. L
ABRADOR ) for introducing this bill and look forward to hearing more from him about Killebrew in a few min-utes. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 3230, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the Harmon Killebrew Post Office Building. A member of the Washington Sen-ators, Minnesota Twins, and Kansas City Royals, Harmon Killebrew ex-celled in major league baseball for 22 years. During that time, he notched an impressive 2,086 hits, played in 13 All- Star games, and tallied nine seasons with over 100 RBIs. In fact, I can remember as a kid root-ing for the Orioles that we didn’t want Harmon Killebrew coming up to the plate. Harmon retired in 1975 in fifth place for career home runs. He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1984. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor Harmon Killebrew’s accom-plishments to the great American pas-time. I urge the passage of H.R. 3230, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. L
ABRADOR ), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. LABRADOR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3230, a bill that honors Idaho’s greatest athlete and one of our great humanitarians. H.R. 3230 names the post office in Payette, Idaho, after Harmon Kille-brew, a Hall of Fame baseball player who later built an incredible legacy of charitable work. Idahoans take great pride in Harmon Killebrew’s success, and rightfully so. Killebrew’s career began in 1954 when Herman Welker, the U.S. Senator from Idaho, tipped off the owner of the Washington Senators, Clark Griffith, about the 17-year-old slugger. Griffith sent a scout, who almost didn’t get to see Killebrew play. After a night of rain, groundkeepers burned gasoline to make the field playable. Killebrew did his part by hitting a ball 435 feet into a Payette beet field. Immediately signed as a $12,000 bonus baby, Killebrew debuted a few weeks later. During his 22-year career with the Washington Senators, Minnesota Twins, and Kansas City Royals, he hit 573 home runs, more than all but four major league players at the time of his retirement. He was the American league’s most valuable player in 1969, hitting 49 home runs and driving in 140 runs. He played in 13 All-Star games and was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1984. Killebrew built his strength lifting 10-gallon milk cans on Idaho dairies and leveraged his work ethic into leg-endary status. For fans across Amer-ica, Killebrew was beloved for remain-ing the down-to-Earth farm kid who signed a major league contract before turning 18. Twins teammate, Rich Reese, called him ‘‘one of the classiest people I’ve ever met in my life. . . . he treated people with respect, even with the stat-ure that he had.’’ Asked what he liked to do for fun, Killebrew once said, ‘‘Well, I like to wash dishes, I guess.’’ In the off season, he worked feeding cows, selling men’s clothing, and reading gas meters. After retirement from baseball, he sold insurance, ran a car dealership, and worked as a broadcaster. In 1976, Killebrew helped found the Danny Thompson Memorial Golf Tour-nament in Sun Valley, Idaho, now called the Killebrew-Thompson Memo-rial. The event benefits cancer re-search. The Harmon Killebrew Foundation, founded in 1998, with his wife, Nita, has built more than a dozen Miracle League fields designed for kids with disabilities, including one named for him in Payette. The baseball and foot-ball fields at Payette High School are also named for Killebrew. Killebrew died of cancer in 2011 at age 74 after entering into hospice care, a treatment he had advocated for for years. At his memorial service, his wife read a tribute from a fan: ‘‘Harmon is an extraordinary, beautiful, loving, compassionate human being, who also happens to be a legendary baseball player.’’ In the days after his death, his high school team, the Payette Pirates, made an improbable run for a State cham-pionship. Entering the district tour-nament with a losing record, the Pi-rates won four straight to reach the State title game. The team wore HK patches on their sleeves. ‘‘Harmon’s been with us the entire time,’’ said one player. The Pirates finally lost to a 25– 1 Fruitland team, taking home the sec-ond-place trophy. ‘‘He is still touching people,’’ said Nita Killebrew, who worked with my office on the bill and lives in Meridian. Killebrew’s legacy of generosity lives on, and it is appropriate to honor his legacy with the legislation we are con-sidering today. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 3230. Through this bill, we will recognize one of Idaho’s great-est stars, and we will advance the leg-acy of one of America’s most chari-table athletes. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge the passage of H.R. 3230 to name the post office in Payette, Idaho, for Harmon Killebrew, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3230. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETERANS PROVIDING HEALTHCARE TRANSITION IM-PROVEMENT ACT Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 899) to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that the requirements that new Federal employees who are veterans with service-connected dis-abilities are provided leave for pur-poses of undergoing medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain employees of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 899 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Providing Healthcare Transition Improve-ment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DISABLED VETERAN LEAVE FOR HEALTH- CARE PROFESSIONALS IN VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6329(d)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) the term ‘employee’ has the meaning given such term in section 2105, and in-cludes— ‘‘(A) an officer or employee of the United States Postal Service or the Postal Regu-latory Commission; and ‘‘(B) notwithstanding subsection (a) of sec-tion 7421 of title 38, an individual occupying a position listed in subsection (b) of such sec-tion;’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.042 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6214 July 16, 2018 
(b) A PPLICABILITY .—With respect to a posi-tion listed in section 7421(b) of title 38, United States Code, the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any individual appointed to such a position on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
AR-
BANES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 899, the Veterans Providing Healthcare Transition Improvement Act intro-duced by the junior Senator from Ha-waii. S. 899 is the Senate version of H.R. 2648 introduced by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ). In 2015, Congress enacted the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act. The Wounded Warriors Fed-eral Leave Act provides 104 hours of paid sick leave to newly employed vet-erans with a service-connected dis-ability rating of 30 percent or more. The sick leave is used to attend med-ical treatment related to the service- connected disability and must be used within 12 months of beginning employ-ment. The law, however, did not explic-itly apply to veterans hired into cer-tain medical occupations at the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. When the VA has applied the provi-sions of the act to these occupations, this bill would ensure new veterans hired in these positions continue to re-ceive paid sick leave to treat their service-connected disability. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ) for sponsoring the House version of this bill and for his dedication to car-ing for our Nation’s veterans. I would also like to thank Chairman D
AVID ROE and his staff at the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs for working with us to bring this bill to the floor. I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, June 19, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning H.R. 2648, the ‘‘Veterans Transi-tion Improvement Act,’’ and its Senate com-panion, S. 899. There are provisions in the legislation that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this legislation, I am willing to waive this committee’s right to sequential referral. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bills, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bills which fall within its jurisdiction. I also re-quest that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any con-ference committee which is named to con-sider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 2648 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, DAVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 20, 2018. Hon. D
AVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 23, 2018, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported H.R. 2648, the Vet-erans Transition Improvement Act with an amendment, by voice vote. The bill was re-ferred primarily to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs with an additional referral to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. Based on our previous con-sultation, we intend to request S. 899—the Senate companion to H.R. 2648—be scheduled for floor consideration. To expedite floor consideration, I ask that you forego further consideration of H.R. 2648. This in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In ad-dition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on H.R. 2648, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of S. 899, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . 
Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Representatives S
TIVERS and T AKANO for their sponsor-ship of this much needed bipartisan bill, which would expand, as you heard, coverage of Representative S
TEPHEN  L
YNCH ’s Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act to newly hired healthcare veterans at the Veterans Health Ad-ministration. Approximately one-third of VA’s new hires are veterans. It is no surprise that veterans who leave military serv-ice want to continue to serve this country and the American people. We are grateful that these brave men and women, many of whom are wounded themselves, choose to devote their ci-vilian careers to taking care of their fellow wounded warriors. The bill would provide newly hired doctors, nurses, physician assistants, dentists, optometrists, and chiroprac-tors at the VHA who have service-con-nected disabilities with 104 hours of sick leave during their first year of em-ployment to take care of their medical conditions. This is a very good bill that I urge my colleagues to support, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ), the champion of this bill and the sponsor of its House com-panion. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 899, the Veterans Providing Healthcare Transition Im-provement Act. I thank the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
AKANO ), for helping me, being the lead Democrat on this. This is bipartisan and bicameral legislation. Senator H
IRONO is the sponsor in the Senate. We are the sponsors in the House. But, Mr. Speaker, it is great to have a veteran in the chair today. Mr. Speaker, as a brigadier general in the Ohio Army National Guard, I know firsthand the incredible sacrifices that our veterans have made in the service of our country. We owe it to them to provide them time when they come home to deal with the things they need to work on, their medical and other conditions. In 2015, the Wounded Warriors Fed-eral Leave Act was signed into law, which was great. It gave sick leave to people that are newly hired Federal employees, rather than waiting on that leave to accrue, if they had a disability rating, a service-connected disability rating of 30 percent of more. Unfortu-nately, that bill did not extend those benefits to title 38 employees. b1645 Those are VA employees, like physi-cians, physician assistants, registered nurses, chiropractors, podiatrists, op-tometrists, and dentists. They are healthcare providers themselves. It is no small number of employees. In fact, as we sit here, there are over 14,000 va-cancies in title 38 jobs. That means up to 14,000 people can benefit from this bill. Again, it is bipartisan. It is a simple change that allows these title 38 vet-eran employees to get leave to deal with their wounded warrior conditions rather than waiting for that leave to accrue over time. It is a bipartisan bill. I thank Mr. T
AKANO for that. A lot of veteran organizations have supported it: the National Association of VA Physicians and Dentists, the Nurses Organization of Veterans Af-fairs, the American Legion, the VFW, Paralyzed Veterans of America, Dis-abled American Veterans, Association of the United States Navy, American Federation of Government Employees, National Federation of Federal Em-ployees, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, AMVETS, and the Federal Managers Association. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.011 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6215 July 16, 2018 
I thank the House Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform Committee, the gen-tleman from North Carolina, the gen-tleman from Maryland, and the chair-man from South Carolina for their hard work on this. I also want to thank the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) for their expertise as they worked through this bill. I thank the sponsors of the Senate legislation, and I thank Representative T
AKANO for joining me in this important effort. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense, bipartisan legislation. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ), one of the sponsors of this very, very important bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 899, the Veterans Providing Healthcare Transition Improvement Act, which extends paid sick leave ben-efits for veteran employees with serv-ice-connected disabilities in their first year of work at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. As the lead Democrat on this bill, I thank my colleague Representative S
TEVE STIVERS from Ohio for his bipar-tisan leadership on this issue. And let me hasten to add, I do enjoy the work that we do together as founders and co- chairs of the bipartisan Congressional Maker Caucus, bringing to the atten-tion of the Congress advanced manu-facturing technologies. But back to the issue at hand. Mr. Speaker, I also thank Senator M
AZIE HIRONO for taking the lead on this important issue in the Senate. Veterans who choose to provide their medical skills and expertise to serve other veterans at the Department of Veterans Affairs should not have to take a leave of absence to receive the care that they need. By improving the Wounded Warrior Federal Leave Act to extend benefits to wounded warriors working at the VA, we will help vet-erans who need to take time off to get their own medical care. This will also help in hiring and re-cruiting what are known as title 38 em-ployees at the VA. This group of em-ployees includes physicians, physician assistants, registered nurses, chiro-practors, podiatrists, optometrists, and dentists. According to 2018 data from the Vet-erans Health Administration, there are over 14,000 title 38 vacancies nation-wide. We must make it a priority to fill these vacancies to ensure that the VA is well staffed and capable of providing veterans with the services that they need. Extending benefits to title 38 em-ployees at the VA can help with the re-cruitment and hiring of veterans who want to continue helping other vet-erans. Veterans working at the VA already make incredible sacrifices to help their fellow veterans. Their paychecks should not be one of them. This is why I urge my colleagues to stand with our veterans and support this legislation. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of S. 899, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The ques-tion is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 899, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘An Act to amend title 5, United States Code, to ensure that the requirements that new Federal employ-ees who are veterans with service-con-nected disabilities are provided leave for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain employees of the Veterans Health Administration.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ROUTE 66 CENTENNIAL COMMISSION ACT Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 66) to establish the Route 66 Centennial Commission, to direct the Secretary of Transpor-tation to prepare a plan on the preser-vation needs of Route 66, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 66 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Route 66 Cen-tennial Commission Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Route 66 was the Nation’s first all-paved highway under the U.S. Highway System con-necting the Midwest to California and has played a major role in the history of the United States. (2) Route 66 was the symbol of opportunity to hundreds of thousands of people seeking escape from the Dust Bowl in the 1930s, serving as a ‘‘road to opportunity’’ in the West and pro-viding employment during the Great Depression, as thousands were put to work on road crews to pave the road. (3) Route 66 was invaluable in transporting troops, equipment, and supplies across the coun-try to the West, where the government estab-lished multiple industries and armed force bases during World War II. Upon the conclusion of the war in 1945, Route 66 was a key route taken by thousands of troops as they returned home. (4) Route 66 symbolized the Nation’s positive outlook during the postwar economic recovery in the 1950s and 1960s, serving as an icon of free-spirited independence and linking people across the United States. During this period, the tourist industry along Route 66 grew tremen-dously, giving rise to countless tourist courts, motels, service stations, garages, and diners. (5) Since June 27, 1985, when Route 66 was de-commissioned as a Federal highway, the popu-larity and mythical stature of Route 66 has grown domestically and internationally, as the road has experienced a rebirth of interest and support. (6) The year 2026 will be the centennial anni-versary of Route 66, and a commission should be established to study and recommend to Congress activities that are fitting and proper to celebrate that anniversary in a manner that appro-priately honors America’s Mother Road. SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT. 
There is established a commission to be known as the Route 66 Centennial Commission (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
SEC. 4. DUTIES. 
The Commission shall have the following du-ties: (1) To study activities that may be carried out by the Federal Government to determine wheth-er the activities are fitting and proper to honor Route 66 on the occasion of its centennial anni-versary, including any of the activities described under section 8(b)(2)(B). (2) To recommend to Congress the activities the Commission considers most fitting and prop-er to honor Route 66 on such occasion, to be carried out by the Department of Transpor-tation and any other entity or entities within the Federal Government that the Commission considers most appropriate to carry out such ac-tivities. (3) To plan and host, in cooperation with such partners, a conference on the U.S. Num-bered Highway System, and assist in the activi-ties of such a conference. 
SEC. 5. MEMBERSHIP. 
(a) N UMBER AND APPOINTMENT .—The Commis-sion shall be composed of 19 members appointed as follows: (1) Three members, each of whom shall be a qualified citizen described in subsection (b), ap-pointed by the President. (2) Two members, each of whom shall be a qualified citizen described in subsection (b), ap-pointed by the President on the recommendation of the Secretary of Transportation. (3) One member, who shall be a qualified cit-izen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Governor of Illinois. (4) One member, who shall be a qualified cit-izen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Governor of Missouri. (5) One member, who shall be a qualified cit-izen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Governor of Kansas. (6) One member, who shall be a qualified cit-izen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Governor of Oklahoma. (7) One member, who shall be a qualified cit-izen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Governor of Texas. (8) One member, who shall be a qualified cit-izen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Governor of New Mexico. (9) One member, who shall be a qualified cit-izen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Governor of Arizona. (10) One member, who shall be a qualified cit-izen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Governor of California. (11) Three members, each of whom shall be a qualified citizen described in subsection (b), ap-pointed by the President on the recommendation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.047 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6216 July 16, 2018 
of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (12) Three members, each of whom shall be a qualified citizen described in subsection (b), ap-pointed by the President on the recommendation of the majority leader of the Senate, in con-sultation with the minority leader of the Senate. (b) Q
UALIFIED CITIZEN .—A qualified citizen described in this subsection is a private citizen of the United States with— (1) a demonstrated dedication to educating others about the importance of historical figures and events; and (2) substantial knowledge and appreciation of Route 66. (c) T
IME OF APPOINTMENT .—Each initial ap-pointment of a member of the Commission shall be made before the expiration of the 120-day pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) C
ONTINUATION OF MEMBERSHIP .—If a member of the Commission was appointed to the Commission as a Member of Congress, and ceases to be a Member of Congress, that member may continue to serve on the Commission for not longer than the 30-day period beginning on the date that member ceases to be a Member of Con-gress. (e) T
ERMS .—Each member shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. (f) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy in the Commission shall not affect the powers of the Commission but shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. (g) B
ASIC PAY.—Members shall serve on the Commission without pay. (h) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—Each member shall re-ceive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (i) Q
UORUM .—Seven members of the Commis-sion shall constitute a quorum but a lesser num-ber may hold hearings. (j) C
HAIR.—The President, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, shall des-ignate one member of the Commission as Chair. (k) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet at the call of the Chair. 
SEC. 6. DIRECTOR AND STAFF. 
(a) D IRECTOR .—The Commission may appoint and fix the pay of a Director and such addi-tional personnel as the Commission considers to be appropriate. (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN CIVILSERVICE  L
AWS.— (1) D
IRECTOR .—The Director of the Commis-sion may be appointed without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, gov-erning appointments in the competitive service, and may be paid without regard to the provi-sions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chap-ter 53 of that title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates. (2) S
TAFF.—The staff of the Commission shall be appointed subject to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service, and shall be paid in ac-cordance with the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates. 
SEC. 7. POWERS. 
(a) H EARINGS AND SESSIONS .—The Commission may, for the purpose of carrying out this Act, hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers to be appropriate. (b) P
OWERS OF MEMBERS AND AGENTS .—Any member or agent of the Commission may, if au-thorized by the Commission, take any action that the Commission is authorized to take by this Act. (c) O
BTAINING OFFICIAL DATA.—The Commis-sion may secure directly from any department or agency of the United States information nec-essary to enable the Commission to carry out this Act. Upon request of the Chair of the Com-mission, the head of that department or agency shall furnish that information to the Commis-sion. (d) MAILS.—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other departments and agencies of the United States. (e) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT SERVICES .— Upon the request of the Commission, the Admin-istrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis, the admin-istrative support services necessary for the Com-mission to carry out its responsibilities under this Act. 
SEC. 8. REPORTS. 
(a) I NTERIM REPORTS .—The Commission may submit to Congress such interim reports as the Commission considers to be appropriate. (b) C
OMPREHENSIVE REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commis-sion shall submit to the President and Congress a report incorporating specific recommendations for the commemoration of the centennial of Route 66 and related events. (2) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—The report under paragraph (1)— (A) shall include recommendations for the al-location of financial and administrative respon-sibility among the public and private authorities and organizations recommended for participa-tion by the Commission; and (B) may recommend activities such as— (i) the production, publication, and distribu-tion of books, pamphlets, films, electronic publi-cations, and other educational materials focus-ing on the history and impact of Route 66 on the United States and the world; (ii) bibliographical and documentary projects, publications, and electronic resources; (iii) conferences, convocations, lectures, semi-nars, and other programs; (iv) the development of programs by and for li-braries, museums, parks, and historic sites, in-cluding national traveling exhibitions; (v) ceremonies and celebrations commemo-rating specific events; (vi) the production, distribution, and perform-ance of artistic works, and of programs and ac-tivities, focusing on the national and inter-national significance of Route 66; and (vii) the issuance of commemorative coins, medals, certificates of recognition, and postage stamps. (c) F
INAL REPORT .—The Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a final re-port not later than 90 days before the termi-nation of the Commission provided in section 10. 
SEC. 9. PLAN ON PRESERVATION NEEDS OF ROUTE 66. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation, in consultation with the Governors re-ferred to in section 5(a), shall prepare a plan on the preservation needs of Route 66. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate, and the President a report containing the plan prepared under subsection (a). 
SEC. 10. TERMINATION. 
The Commission shall terminate not later than June 30, 2027. 
SEC. 11. CLARIFICATION REGARDING FUNDING. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such require-ments may be carried out using amounts other-wise authorized or made available for the De-partment of Transportation, except for amounts authorized from the Highway Trust Fund. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 66, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 66, the Route 66 Centennial Commission Act. I thank my colleague, Representative G
RACE NAPOLITANO , for sponsoring this legislation with me, and I also thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Mem-ber D
EFAZIO for helping shepherd this bill to the floor, along with Highways and Transit Subcommittee chairman, Mr. G
RAVES . I am proud to have Route 66 run through the middle of my district, and I believe it is important that we cele-brate the history of Route 66. In 1926, Route 66 became our Nation’s first all-paved highway under the U.S. highway system, connecting Chicago, Illinois, to Santa Monica, California. Early on, the road was used by hun-dreds of thousands of Americans seek-ing to escape the Dust Bowl and pro-vided critical employment opportuni-ties for road crews paving the road dur-ing the Great Depression. During World War II, the highway transported troops, equipment, and supplies to military bases across our country and was used after the war by thousands of troops returning home to their families. By the 1950s, Route 66 began to see a rise in tourism and became the true symbol of American freedom and inde-pendence that we all know today. In April of last year, I went on an ex-tended tour of Illinois’ stretch of the highway with my colleague Represent-ative D
ARIN LAHOOD and also many State and local leaders. I had the op-portunity to see the economic impact that the Mother Road brings to Illi-nois. It supports many jobs and key economic activity in small towns, and it helps to generate important revenue to support those small rural commu-nities. For example, travelers along Route 66 in Illinois can see a giant pink ele-phant statue and other larger-than-life sculptures at the Pink Elephant An-tique Mall in Livingston, Illinois. Mr. Speaker, as a matter of fact, my family and I were coming back to my hometown of Taylorville yesterday, and we stopped and had a great lunch at the Twistee Treat, which is attached to the Pink Elephant Antique Mall. So 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.022 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6217 July 16, 2018 
if you ever want to go there, they have great burgers. I happened to have a pork tenderloin sandwich that I prob-ably shouldn’t have eaten, but it was really, really good, and topped it off, of course, with Twistee Treat’s famous ice cream. You can also, if you are traveling Route 66, stop and see a movie at the Wildey Theater in Edwardsville, Illi-nois. That originally opened in 1909. Or stop for an all-day breakfast at Jungle Jim’s Cafe, a quintessential roadside diner in Springfield, Illinois. Those are just a few of the thousands of local businesses along Route 66 whose livelihoods depend upon the his-toric highway. You don’t even have to be in a car to ride along Route 66. The Illinois Route 66 Trail is a system of off-road paths for bikes, hikers, or anyone else look-ing to see the Mother Road in a dif-ferent way. The centennial of this great highway will be an international celebration, and the State of Illinois will be ready to welcome travelers from around the world who want to experience the his-tory and magic of this scenic byway. This bill, Mr. Speaker, will create a 19-member commission to recommend activities to honor the 100th anniver-sary of the Mother Road in the year 2026. It also directs the U.S. Department of Transportation to develop a plan to ensure the first all-paved U.S. highway connecting the Midwest to my col-league’s, Mrs. N
APOLITANO ’s, district in California will be preserved for many years to come. In doing this, the Sec-retary of Transportation will work with the Governors of the eight States that this historic highway passes through to develop a comprehensive preservation plan. H.R. 66 is endorsed by the National Trust for Historic Preservation; the Route 66 Road Ahead Partnership; the National Historic Route 66 Federation; Auto Club Enterprises, also known as AAA; and the Route 66 Alliance. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  their letters of support of the bill. 
NATIONAL TRUST FOR  H
ISTORIC PRESERVATION , July 16, 2018. D
EAR MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES : We appreciate this oppor-tunity to present the National Trust for His-toric Preservation’s perspective on H.R. 66, the Route 66 Centennial Commission Act, which is scheduled for House floor consider-ation today. The National Trust enthusiasti-cally endorses this legislation and looks for-ward to its enactment this year. 
INTERESTS OF THE NATIONAL TRUST FOR  
HISTORIC PRESERVATION  The National Trust for Historic Preserva-tion is a privately-funded charitable, edu-cational, and nonprofit organization char-tered by Congress in 1949 to ‘‘facilitate pub-lic participation in historic preservation’’ and to further the purposes of federal his-toric preservation laws. The intent of Con-gress was for the National Trust ‘‘to mobi-lize and coordinate public interest, partici-pation, and resources in the preservation and interpretation of sites and buildings.’’ With headquarters in Washington, D.C., nine field offices, 27 historic sites, more than one mil-lion members and supporters, and a national network of partners in states, territories, and the District of Columbia, the National Trust works to save America’s historic places and advocates for historic preserva-tion as a fundamental value in programs and policies at all levels of government. H.R. 66, ROUTE 66 CENTENNIAL COMMISSION ACT  We appreciate Representative Rodney Davis’ leadership on this legislation to cre-ate a Route 66 Centennial Commission that recognizes and honors Route 66 on its centen-nial anniversary. Historic Route 66 stretches approximately 2,400 miles from Chicago, IL to Los Angeles, CA, passing through eight states and more than 300 communities. This vital transportation corridor between the Midwest and southern California has endured as a symbol of freedom and mobility while epitomizing a new optimism that pervaded the nation’s economic recovery following World War II. Route 66 was found by the National Park Service (NPS) to be nationally significant in its 1995 Route 66 Special Resource Study, which determined that Route 66 met the eli-gibility requirements for a National Historic Trail. Numerous buildings along Route 66 are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP), and a 2012 Multiple Property Documentation Form (MPDF) establishing the road’s national significance was recently approved by the Keeper of the National Reg-ister. Route 66 has been designated a Na-tional Scenic Byway in four states, including one segment that has been designated an All- American Road—the highest designation of-fered by the Federal Highway Administra-tion (FHWA). Route 66 is internationally recognized as representing America’s love of the auto-mobile and open road. As a Dustbowl migra-tion route, a World War II strategic military route, and a vacation travel route, it has been celebrated in music, literature, tele-vision, movies, and popular lore. The Na-tional Trust has been supportive of Route 66 preservation efforts for many years, includ-ing it in our signature National Treasures program, participating in symposiums, pro-viding strategic assistance, and including Route 66 on the 2018 list of America’s 11 Most Endangered Historic Places. When Congress passed the Route 66 Cor-ridor Preservation Program in 1999, a pro-gram administered by the National Park Service (NPS), Route 66 was described as a symbol of the American people’s heritage of travel and their legacy of seeking a better life. We applaud Representative Rodney Davis and the over 40 cosponsors of H.R. 66 for their commitment to recognizing the na-tional significance of Route 66. Thank you again for the opportunity to present the National Trust’s perspectives on this legislation, and we look forward to working with Congress to ensure H.R. 66 is enacted into law this year. Sincerely, P
AMBOWMAN , Director of Public Lands Policy. 
THERT. 66 R OADAHEAD PARTNERSHIP , March 7, 2018. C
ONGRESSMAN DAVIS: The Rt. 66 Road Ahead Partnership supports H.R. 66, which will establish a Rt. 66 100th Anniversary Commission at the Federal level. This legis-lation will help ensure activities that are fit-ting and proper to celebrate this milestone are planned and carried out in a way that ap-propriately honors America’s Mother Road. 2026 marks the 100th anniversary of the es-tablishment of the U.S. Numbered Highway System and Route 66. The road was our na-tion’s first all-paved highway connecting the Midwest, starting in Illinois, and ending in California. Since the early decades of the 20th Century, Route 66 has reflected and been an integral part of American history. Hundreds of thousands of people used Route 66 to escape the Dust Bowl of the 1930s, and many found employment along its path. The road also transported troops, equipment, and other military supplies across the country during WWII, and was used by thousands of troops as they returned home. In the 1950s and 1960s, Route 66 saw the rise of American tourism and became home to countless tourist attractions, mo-tels, diners, and other businesses along its path. Today, Route 66 remains an iconic symbol of American freedom and of the U.S. as a mobile society. H.R. 66 will create a commission to rec-ommend activities for the commemoration of the 100th anniversary of Route 66. The bill also requires USDOT to develop a plan on the preservation needs of the road, and di-rects USDOT to host a conference on the U.S. Numbered Highway System. The Rt. 66 Road Ahead Partnership be-lieves in the preservation, promotion, and development of Route 66, and is committed to helping ensure the road’s 100th Anniver-sary is planned and celebrated in a manner that recognizes its historic significance. For this reason, we strongly support H.R. 66. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. T HOMAS , Chairman. 
NATIONAL HISTORIC  R
OUTE 66 F EDERATION , Lake Arrowhead, CA, February 10, 2018. T
HEROUTE 66 R OAD AHEAD PARTNERSHIP : This is to let you know, the National His-toric Route 66 Federation supports H.R. 66, which will establish a Route 66 100th Anni-versary Commission at the Federal level. This legislation will help ensure activities that are fitting and proper to celebrate this milestone are planned and carried out in a way that appropriately honors America’s Mother Road. 2026 marks the 100th anniversary of the es-tablishment of the U.S. Numbered Highway System and Route 66. The road was our na-tion’s first all-paved highway connecting the Midwest, starting in Illinois, and ending in California. Since the early decades of the 20th Century, Route 66 has reflected and been an integral part of American history. Hundreds of thousands of people used Route 66 to escape the Dust Bowl of the 1930s, and many found employment along its corridor. The road also transported troops, equipment, and other military supplies across the country during the Second World War, and was traveled by thousands of troops as they returned home. In the 1950s and 1960s, Route 66 saw the rise of American tourism and became home to countless tourist attractions, motels, diners and other businesses along its path. Today, Route 66 remains an iconic symbol of Amer-ican freedom and of the U.S. as a mobile so-ciety. H.R. 66 will create a commission to rec-ommend activities for the commemoration of the 100th anniversary of Route 66. The bill also requires USDOT to develop a plan on the preservation needs of the road, and di-rects USDOT to host a conference on the U.S. Numbered Highway System. For 24 years, The National Historic Route 66 Federation has been dedicated to the pres-ervation and promotion of Route 66, and is committed to helping ensure the road’s 100th Anniversary is planned and celebrated in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.049 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6218 July 16, 2018 
manner that recognizes its historic signifi-cance. For this reason, we strongly support H.R. 66. Sincerely, D
AVID KNUDSON , Executive Director. 
AUTOMOBILE CLUB OF  S
OUTHERN CALIFORNIA , Los Angeles, CA, January 17, 2017. Subject: H.R. 66—Route 66 Centennial Com-mission Act. H
ON. RODNEY DAVIS, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. T
HEHONORABLE CONGRESSMAN DAVIS: Auto Club Enterprises (AAA) applauds your lead-ership for introducing H.R. 66, which would form a commission tasked with celebrating Route 66’s centennial and direct that a pres-ervation plan for the Route be prepared. Auto Club Enterprises represents the inter-ests of our AAA members and motorists in five of the eight states represented in this proposal (California, New Mexico, Texas, Missouri and southern Illinois). Further-more, the largest motor club within ACE, the Automobile Club of Southern California (ACSC), played a central role in the survey and signposting of the original highway that became Route 66: the National Old Trails Road, created in 1914–1915. ACSC published the first maps of the route and its signs guid-ed travelers for the first decade of the road’s existence [both illustrations attached]. We are keenly aware of the strong histor-ical connection between Route 66 and major trends in our nation’s history and travel and the history of the Southwest. Route 66 was one of our nation’s first all- paved highways connecting the Midwest to California, and has played a major role in the history of the United States. It offered opportunity to hundreds of thousands of peo-ple seeking escape from the Dust Bowl in the 1930s, and its construction created jobs for thousands during the Great Depression. Route 66 represented America’s great opti-mism and enthusiasm during the postwar economic recovery. In this era, the tourism industry along Route 66 grew tremendously; giving rise to countless tourist courts, mo-tels, service stations, garages, and diners. Because of its resonance within American history and culture, Route 66 has been the subject of memorable productions in all media, from popular music to television to movies. For all these reasons—its historical and cultural significance and its connection with our own history, Auto Club Enterprises sup-ports the passage of H.R. 66. We look forward to working with you and other stakeholders in support of passing H.R. 66 and to our continued partnership after its passage to successfully implement its provi-sions. Sincerely, H
AMID BAHADORI , Manager, Transportation Policy and Programs. 
THEROUTE 66 A LLIANCE , Tulsa, OK, February 8, 2018. Re H.R. 66. T
HEROUTE 66 R OAD AHEAD PARTNERSHIP : On behalf of the Route 66 Alliance, I am pleased to provide this letter of support for H.R. 66, which will establish a Route 66 100th Anniversary Commission at the Federal level. This legislation will help ensure ac-tivities that are fitting and proper to cele-brate this milestone are planned and carried out in a manner that appropriately honors America’s Mother Road. 2026 marks the 100th anniversary of the es-tablishment of the U.S. Numbered Highway System and Route 66. The road was our na-tion’s first all-paved highway connecting the Midwest, beginning in Illinois, and ending in California. Since the early decades of the 20th Century, Route 66 has reflected and been an integral part of American history. And Tulsa celebrates this legacy since the Father of Route 66, Cyrus Avery, led the effort to have Route 66 pass through Oklahoma, spe-cifically Tulsa, where East meets West! Hundreds of thousands of people used Route 66 to escape the Dust Bowl of the 1930s, and many found employment along its path. The road also transported troops, equipment, and other military supplies across the country during the Second World War, and was used by thousands of troops as they returned home. In the 1950s and 1960s, Route 66 saw the rise of American tourism and became home to countless tourist at-tractions, motels, diners, and other busi-nesses along its path. Today, Route 66 re-mains an iconic symbol of American freedom and of the U.S. as a mobile society. H.R. 66 will create a commission to rec-ommend activities for the commemoration of the 100th Anniversary of Route 66. The bill also requires USDOT to develop a plan on the preservation needs of the road, and di-rects USDOT to host a conference on the U.S. Numbered Highway System. The Route 66 Alliance is dedicated to the preservation and promotion of Route 66, and is committed to helping ensure the road’s 100th Anniversary is planned and celebrated in a manner that recognizes its historic sig-nificance. For this reason, we strongly sup-port H.R. 66. Best regards, KENBUSBY , Executive Director & CEO. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, throughout its history, Route 66 has become more than just a way to get from point A to point B. It has evolved into a symbol of American independence and prosperity. I am proud to help continue the legacy of Route 66, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 66. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H.R. 66, the Route 66 Centen-nial Commission Act. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congressman R
ODNEY DAVIS, for intro-ducing this legislation with me; and I thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Chair-man G
RAVES and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO and Ranking Member N ORTON  for their support in moving this bill along through the committee. Route 66, as was pointed out, runs east to west through my district as Foothill Boulevard and Huntington Drive in the cities of La Verne, San Dimas, Azusa, Duarte, and Monrovia. Our local restaurants, shops, and busi-nesses, like so many others dotting the interstate from the heartland to the West Coast, provide rest breaks for travelers, allowing them to sample the local flavors of our communities that are proud to be connected by the iconic road. Other cities are doing this as well. The city of Duarte celebrates every year in September with a parade of classic cars, equestrian groups, and marching bands. Along the highway, there are signs still there from long ago showing Route 66 lives there. The theme of the Los Angeles County Fair this year, which is a very popular fair, is Route 66, with memorabilia and Route 66 movie-themed nights. States and local governments across the country are reinvesting in Route 66 as an icon of American history and cul-ture. The Federal Government should be involved in this effort as well. H.R. 66 creates a national commis-sion to recommend activities to com-memorate the 100th anniversary of Route 66 in 2026. The bill will also direct the Depart-ment of Transportation, as was pointed out, to develop a plan on the preserva-tion needs of this iconic Route 66. The Department is required to consult with eight States through which Route 66 travels, which include California, Ari-zona, New Mexico, Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri, and Illinois. Mr. Speaker, Route 66 is a significant part of America’s past, but it also con-tinues to provide transportation, eco-nomic, and community benefits to our society today. We must continue to im-prove this historic road so that many more generations can, in the words of Chuck Berry, get their kicks on Route 66. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support Route 66, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1700 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank my colleague Mrs. NAPOLITANO , and also my colleague Mr. L
AHOOD, for going on the Route 66 tour and passing legisla-tion through the Natural Resources Committee when he was a member of that committee to ensure that this Mother Road gets the recognition that it deserves when it turns 100 years old. I will tell you, you talk about eco-nomic impacts, this road has a tremen-dous impact in rural America and cen-tral Illinois. When I pulled into the Pink Elephant Antique Mall yesterday, it was tough to find a parking spot on a Sunday in Livingston, Illinois, when that town has 850 people who reside there. This is a big deal. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. I yield to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. My commu-nities, as of now, are very excited about this bill and the celebration of the 100th birthday. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OD-
NEYDAVIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 66, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.019 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6219 July 16, 2018 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INNOVATIVE STORMWATER INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3906) to establish centers of excellence for innovative stormwater control infrastructure, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3906 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Innovative Stormwater Infrastructure Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. STORMWATER INFRASTRUCTURE FUND-ING TASK FORCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall establish a stormwater infrastruc-ture funding task force composed of representa-tives of Federal, State, and local governments and private (including nonprofit) entities to conduct a study on, and develop recommenda-tions to improve, the availability of public and private sources of funding for the construction, rehabilitation, and operation and maintenance of stormwater infrastructure to meet the require-ments of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the task force shall— (1) identify existing Federal, State, and local public sources and private sources of funding for stormwater infrastructure; and (2) consider— (A) how funding for stormwater infrastructure from such sources has been made available, and utilized, in each State to address stormwater in-frastructure needs identified pursuant to section 516(b)(1) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1375(b)(1)); (B) how the source of funding affects the af-fordability of the infrastructure (as determined based on the considerations used to assess the financial capability of municipalities under the integrated planning guidelines described in the Integrated Municipal Stormwater and Waste-water Planning Approach Framework, issued by the Environmental Protection Agency on June 5, 2012, and dated May, 2012), including consider-ation of the costs associated with financing the infrastructure; and (C) whether such sources of funding are suffi-cient to support capital expenditures and long- term operation and maintenance costs necessary to meet the stormwater infrastructure needs of municipalities. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit to Congress a report that de-scribes the results of the study conducted, and the recommendations developed, under sub-section (a). (d) S
TATE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 502 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) and the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. N
APOLI -
TANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous on H.R. 3906, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, B
ILL S
HUSTER ; the ranking member, Con-gressman D
EFAZIO; and my good friend the ranking member of the sub-committee, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , for their work in progressing this bipartisan leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, as we know, with the additional development that is occur-ring in this country, with the addi-tional water and stormwater systems that are being built, heavy rains end up transiting or transferring pollutants, heavy metals, trash, bacteria, and many other things into our water sys-tem. Mr. Speaker, I represent south Lou-isiana. The watershed that I represent drains from Montana to two Canadian provinces to New York. It is one of the largest watersheds in the world. Of course, all of that stormwater runoff ends up coming down right through my home State and contributes to one of the largest dead zones in the Nation— in fact, the largest dead zone in the Na-tion—which is not very compatible with us having some of the top com-mercial and recreational fishing and one of the largest or most productive estuaries in the United States. So I want to thank Mr. H
ECKfor in-troducing this legislation, for working with Congressman K
ATKO in putting this together in a bipartisan manner. What this legislation does is it recog-nizes that stormwater runoff does actu-ally transfer, or does contribute to pol-lutants, in our waterways, and it recog-nizes that this is a problem. But it also recognizes that it is a problem that needs to be solved by local, by State, and by Federal agencies, by Federal of-ficials. So this legislation creates a new task force to look at innovative financing, to look at new funding streams, to look at how we can do a better job inte-grating the various funding streams to actually achieve this objective that we all share on a bipartisan basis to help reduce the amount of pollutants and trash and other things that get into our waterways. This is an important step forward. Mr. Speaker, in a previous life, I managed a large infrastructure pro-gram where we built tens of billions of dollars of infrastructure. One of the first things I realized is how important it was for us to look at all the funding streams that are available, and the possible funding streams that are available, pulling those together to make sure that they are being used in a complementary manner, not man-aged in silos, and certainly not man-aged in a contradictory or in a con-flicting manner. The gentleman’s legislation helps to address that. It helps look at the rev-enue streams that are available today, whether they are Federal, whether they are State, whether they are local funds, or perhaps even private or not- for-profit, looking at the different reg-ulatory structures that are out there, looking at opportunities for us to achieve this bipartisan goal of reducing pollutants, of helping reduce trash, of helping reduce the dead zone and other adverse outcomes as a result of stormwater runoff from heavy rains. Again, I want to point out that this is bipartisan legislation, that this passed the Transportation and Infra-structure Committee unanimously, that my good friend from California Mrs. NAPOLITANO worked with us on changes in the committee. I thank, again, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK) and Mr. K ATKO for working together on something that is an im-portant issue, for coming up with a bi-partisan solution, and looking forward to ensuring that this passes the House and passes the Senate as well to where we can get it to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume, because I rise in support of H.R. 3906, the Innovative Stormwater Infra-structure Act of 2018. This bipartisan bill, as was pointed out, was introduced by our colleague from Washington, Congressman H
ECK, aimed at addressing one of the ongoing concerns facing our communities, an unfunded mandate—very unfunded: how to address and pay for controlling ongoing sources of stormwater that empty into our local water bodies. According to EPA, runoff from ur-banized areas is a leading source of water quality impairments on local water bodies. In urban and suburban areas, buildings and pavement cover much of the land and prevent rain and snowmelt from soaking into the ground. Instead, these developed areas rely on storm drains to carry large amounts of water runoff from roofs and paved areas to nearby waterways, and with it, as was pointed out again, high levels of pollution, such as oil, dirt, chemicals, and lawn fertilizers released directly into local streams and rivers. Congress needs to do more to help communities come into compliance with the goals of the Clean Water Act, the unfunded mandate. We need to en-courage the development of new tech-nologies and practices for addressing stormwater runoff. We need to encour-age the implementation of cost-effec-tive, low-impact development and na-ture-based infrastructure alternatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.052 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6220 July 16, 2018 
Finally, we need to provide addi-tional Federal assistance to commu-nities to help address their local water quality challenges. Many of the com-munities are small and could not afford them. It will bankrupt them if they have to follow the letter of the law. Mr. Speaker, while H.R. 3906, as in-troduced, would have addressed some of these challenges, the bill was modified by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. This modification removed the authorization of a new EPA stormwater grant program and re-placed it with a new study on how ex-isting sources of Federal, State, local, and private funds are being used to ad-dress local stormwater challenges. As amended, H.R. 3906 would direct the EPA administration to partner with Federal, State, and local agencies and stakeholders in the creation of a new stormwater infrastructure funding task force. This new task force will look at funding and affordability issues related to the construction, rehabilita-tion, operation and maintenance of the stormwater infrastructure necessary to meet the goals of the Clean Water Act. The task force will be required to in-ventory the available public and pri-vate sources of funding for stormwater infrastructure and to assess how the use of these sources of funding might affect the affordability of the infra-structure to a municipality, which sometimes is floundering. While there may be several financing options available to communities to address local stormwater challenges, the actual cost of these options to a community may vary greatly. For example, it is far cheaper for a community to obtain a Federal grant for water infrastructure than a loan, but it may also be more affordable for a community to borrow from the Clean Water State Revolving Fund than to borrow the same amount from the pri-vate market. So the question is not simply about whether funding is avail-able to the community, but is that funding also affordable to the commu-nity. I expect that the results of the task force will show how the Federal Gov-ernment needs to be an active player in financing affordable stormwater infra-structure. Perhaps this information will guide future Congresses to take a greater role in financing our water in-frastructure challenges. Mr. Speaker, while I am disappointed that this legislation does not provide additional Federal resources so des-perately needed to address our local water infrastructure challenges, the bill is a very good first step in further refining the scope of the stormwater challenges facing our Nation. I am pleased to support the bill, and I heartily urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, pretty sim-ply put, this bill is about addressing the single largest source of water pol-lution in America, which is stormwater runoff. It is a nationwide issue from D.C., to Los Angeles, to Milwaukee, to Lou-isiana. But it is also one that is acute-ly felt in my home State of Wash-ington, because there, it really does rain a lot. When that rain falls, the rain runs off the roofs. The rain runs down the streets. The rain runs into the storm drainage system. Along the way, it picks up all sorts of nasty, toxic stuff that has been alluded to ear-lier, stuff like fertilizers, metals, oils, and pesticides. That stuff, all that bad stuff, runs into our lakes and our rivers and, ultimately, in my region of the country, into Puget Sound, which is the largest estuary, by water volume, in the United States. It has been estimated by scientists that stormwater accounts for up to 80 percent of all water pollution. Gone are the days of the easy-fix solutions of point-source pollution, where we could just pass a law saying: You can’t do that anymore. Figure it out. This is a lot more difficult. It is a lot more decentralized. It is a lot more pervasive. Frankly, it is no less harm-ful. And it hurts not just our environ-ment. Let’s be clear, this hurts our businesses as well, especially those that depend on clean water. In our State, we have a robust shell-fish industry that employs thousands of people. Stormwater can kill a salm-on in a matter of hours. We actually have time-lapse films from underwater showing this, and it is not very much time that has elapsed. This isn’t some-thing where they ingest the metal, and then months or years later they die. You can literally watch them die as the stormwater hits the water. And they are fundamental. Salmon are fundamental to the economy and the culture of the Pacific Northwest and especially to the Native people, who have depended on them since time immemorial. Salmon support, in fact, in our re-gion of the country, a $30 billion a year economy. Salmon are also the prey of choice of our beloved southern resident orcas, which we are precariously close to los-ing altogether. Frankly, we can’t save the orcas if we don’t save the salmon, and we can’t save the salmon if we don’t save Puget Sound, and we can’t save Puget Sound if we don’t deal with stormwater runoff. Every region has its own story. The gentleman from Louisiana told his most eloquently, and I thank him, about how stormwater is punishing our waterways and, along with it, our way of life and our economy. That is why State and local govern-ments are implementing green stormwater infrastructure, like rain gardens and permeable pavement, and are building new gray stormwater in-frastructure to reduce combined sewer outflows. But that is not enough. It is not enough by a long shot. b1715 State and local governments are stretched thin, and that is why we need the Federal Government to step up and do its partnership role in this. Back in my State, we estimate that the stormwater problem could be solved with $19 billion in investment between now and 2036; and, frankly, al-most all of that is in the Puget Sound region, 98 percent. That is a lot of money and that is why H.R. 3906 is an important first step to help the experts and the stake-holders come together and come up with innovative ways not to be duplica-tive and to think outside the box. Mr. Speaker, I conclude by thanking Chairman S
HUSTER ; Ranking Member D
EFAZIO; along with Subcommittee Chairman G
RAVES ; Ranking Member N
APOLITANO ; my colleague and my friend from New York, Congressman K
ATKO ; and their staffs for their work on this bill. I appreciate their help to bring greater attention to the problem of stormwater runoff. But let’s be clear: We have to do more; we have to do a lot more. I look forward to continuing to work with the committee to increase the Federal Government’s partnership role in tack-ling this urgent threat, which, again, is the number one cause of water pollu-tion in America. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, just one last word, I think this is a very important bill. We have been deal-ing with the stormwater issue for at least 7 years in my area, and because it is an unfunded mandate, the cities are crying out for help. I think the two cases set forth by my colleagues point out the need for Federal help. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, Congressman H
ECKre-cently brought up the shellfish indus-try. Just this week, the Louisiana Oys-ter Task Force is coming to town. We are going to be meeting with them, talking to them about this and a num-ber of other priority issues because their industry has been impacted by water quality and many other chal-lenges. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say that this legislation helps to make sure that all of the various levels of government, together with our nongovernment part-ners in the private sector and the not- for-profit organizations that are out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.053 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6221 July 16, 2018 
there, that we are all working to-gether; that we are ensuring that the regulatory structure that is out there is actually complementary to this ef-fort to help ensure clean water not just now, but for generations to come; that we are using better technology; that we are using better mechanisms, such as vegetative plantings and buffers and other things, to ensure that we are not polluting our waters but that we are cleaning them; that we have safe drinking water; that we have safe, pro-ductive ecosystems for generations to come. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank Congressman H
ECK, Congressman K
ATKO , my friend Congresswoman N
APOLITANO , and many others who were involved in this legislation. This is going to help us to ensure that the various funding streams that are out there, that we are using them in a com-plementary manner, not in a stovepipe manner. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 3906, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3906, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to establish a stormwater infrastructure funding task force, and for other purposes.’’ A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
J. MARVIN JONES FEDERAL BUILDING AND MARY LOU ROB-INSON UNITED STATES COURT-HOUSE Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5772) to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5772 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION. 
The J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse located at 205 SE 5th Ave., Ama-rillo, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse referred to in sec-tion 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Court-house’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5772. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5772 would des-ignate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse. Judge Robinson was a legal pioneer, paving the way for women in what was once a male-dominated profession. In 1973, Judge Robinson was ap-pointed justice of the Seventh Court of Appeals in Amarillo, Texas, making her the first female appellate judge in Texas. Four years later, she was ap-pointed to chief justice of the same court. Five years later, President Car-ter appointed Robinson to a Federal judgeship as the second woman to serve as a United States district judge in Texas. For over 60 years, Judge Robinson was a pioneer, a scholar, and, above all, a judge of fairness and integrity. I sup-port naming this Federal building and courthouse after her. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I join the chairman in supporting H.R. 5772, which designates the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse. The new designation is a well-de-served honor for Judge Mary Lou Rob-inson. You have heard some description of her outstanding career. Let me add a few more points. She has served as a judge in Ama-rillo, Texas, for more than 63 years, with 35 years on the Federal judiciary. When she took senior status as a Fed-eral judge in 2016, she became the long-est serving Federal judge in both the Northern District of Texas and the en-tire Fifth Circuit. Judge Robinson received numerous awards throughout her career for both her legal and her public service to the community. She was named one of the 100 Legal Legends by Texas Lawyer, the 2016 Jurist of the Year by the Texas Chapters of American Board of Trial Advocates, and the 1973 Texas Woman of the Year by the Texas Federation of Business and Professional Women, among other awards. Her colleagues reported that she had a reputation for running an orderly and efficient courtroom, and she treated celebrity trials the same way she treat-ed mundane 2-day civil cases. Judge Robinson certainly served with distinction during her time on the Fed-eral bench. She was deeply respected by the Amarillo legal community, and I am pleased to support this legislation which aptly names the facility in her honor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Penn-sylvania yielding and the support of the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentlewoman from Nevada for this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I introduced this legis-lation with a near unanimous request of the legal community and the broad-er leadership in the Texas Panhandle. Since 1980, the Federal building and courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, has been known as the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building. Judge Jones led a re-markable life. He served in this House from 1917 to 1940, including as chair of the Committee on Agriculture. He was then appointed to the court of claims, took a leave of absence to serve in the Roosevelt administration during World War II, and went back to the court of claims, where he was the chief judge there from 1947 until his retirement in 1964. As I said, it was a remarkable life, but there is another remarkable life that has made a lasting impact on the cause of justice in the Northern Dis-trict of Texas, and it has also been an inspirational life. Judge Mary Lou Robinson has served as a judge, as Members have heard, for more than 60 years, more than 35 years of which has been as a Federal district judge in the Northern District of Texas. She is a pioneer: She attended and graduated law school at the University of Texas at a time when very few women applied or were admitted to the law school at all. When she went into private practice in Amarillo, she was one of two female attorneys practicing there. In 1955, Judge Robinson became the first woman in Amarillo history to serve as a judge higher than the justice of the peace level and was the first Pot-ter County court at law judge. Up until that time in Texas, women could not serve on juries. She was elected State district court judge in 1960. As you have heard, in 1973, she be-came an associate justice of the Sev-enth State Court of Appeals, making 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.055 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6222 July 16, 2018 
her the first female appellate judge in the entire State of Texas. She later be-came the chief justice of that court. In 1979, Judge Robinson was nomi-nated and confirmed to the Federal bench, again being only the second woman to serve as a U.S. district judge in Texas. Then, day in and day out, for nearly 40 years, Judge Robinson presided over Federal and criminal cases with fair-ness and with high expectations fitting the American legal system. She took senior judge status in 2016. As Members have heard, she has been honored repeatedly, such as the Sandra Day O’Connor Award for Professional Excellence from the Texas Center for Legal Ethics and the Texas Lawyer magazine’s one of 100 Legal Legends in the State. But I will say, Mr. Speaker, that Judge Mary Lou Robinson’s influence extends even further than the trail-blazing and remarkable longevity that her legal career would indicate. Throughout it all, Judge Robinson has upheld the highest standards of legal ethics and professionalism, being a role model not only for those in the legal system, but for men and women throughout the region. She is fair, but she is tough. And here I can speak from a bit of personal expe-rience that no lawyer wanted to go un-prepared into her courtroom. With her razor-sharp intellect and knowledge of the law, she was always well prepared and probably knew more about the law of the case than the lawyers arguing it. No one ever doubted that all sides of the case would get a fair hearing. At the same time, those who know her off the bench know her to have a great sense of humor, compassion, and a warm human touch. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5772 would add Judge Mary Lou Robinson’s name to the Federal building and courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, so that it would be known as the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse. Marvin Jones served in all three branches of our Federal Government. Judge Robinson has served in the judi-cial branch of the State and Federal Government for more than 60 years. This designation honors each of them in a way that is fitting to each of them. Adding Judge Robinson’s name to that of Marvin Jones will not only honor the careers of two remarkable individuals, it will help inspire all of us to reach toward their high standards of integrity, professionalism, and service to our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I again thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania for yielding. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I say again that we are most impressed by the two people whose names are on this Federal building, and I urge my colleagues to support the designation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5772. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JOHN HERVEY WHEELER UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3460) to designate the United States courthouse located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Carolina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3460 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JOHN HERVEY WHEELER UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The United States court-house located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Carolina, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’ during the period in which the facility is used as a Federal courthouse. (b) R
EFERENCES .—During the period in which the facility referred to in subsection (a) is used as a Federal courthouse, any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the United States courthouse referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. b1730 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on H.R. 3460, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3460 would designate the United States courthouse located in Durham, North Carolina, as the John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse. Mr. Wheeler played a pivotal role in the civil rights movement. John Wheeler was a respected civil rights leader in Durham, North Carolina, suc-cessfully litigating school segregation cases in the 1940s. In 1961, President Kennedy appointed Mr. Wheeler to the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission where he worked alongside Vice Presi-dent Johnson in drafting civil rights legislation. Mr. Wheeler also served as president of the Mechanics & Farmers Bank where he was able to continue his work on civil rights issues, making possible the purchase of homes, the acquisition of Federal loans, and a relaxation of ra-cial barriers in North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I think it is fitting to name the courthouse in Durham after him. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of H.R. 3460. This is the bill, as you heard, that would name the United States Federal courthouse located in down-town Durham, North Carolina, as the John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse. Mr. Wheeler was a prominent com-munity leader. He was a bank president and he was a civil rights lawyer who helped transform the city of Durham over his long and impressive career. Clearly, it is appropriate to name this courthouse after him. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ) who brought us this legislation and can speak more person-ally about the qualities of Mr. Wheeler. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) for her friendship, leadership, and for yielding me the time this afternoon. I also thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) as well. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 3460, that seeks to name the United States courthouse lo-cated at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Carolina, as the John Hervey Wheeler United States Court-house. This bill, Mr. Speaker, has the sup-port from my friends in the North Carolina congressional delegation and the entire Durham community. It was favorably reported out of the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee several days ago. John Hervey Wheeler, Mr. Speaker, was a prominent African American bank president, civil rights lawyer, po-litical activist, civic leader, educator, statesman, and philanthropist. He was a family friend as well. Mr. Wheeler was born on the campus of Kittrell College in Vance County, North Carolina, on New Year’s Day in 1908, as the second child to the former Margaret Hervey and John Leonidas Wheeler. After the Wheeler family relocated to Atlanta, Georgia, John Wheeler at-tended high school at Morehouse Acad-emy from 1921 to 1925, and then matric-ulated to Morehouse College from 1925 to 1929, where he graduated summa cum laude in June of 1929. After graduation, Mr. Wheeler moved to Durham where he began his career 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.057 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6223 July 16, 2018 
with the Mechanics & Farmers Bank as a bank teller. He advanced through the company’s ranks and in 1944, became executive vice president. Eight years later, Mr. Wheeler would become bank president. At the age of 44, he was the youngest African American bank presi-dent in the country. As president, Mr. Wheeler saw the bank grow from operating branches in two cities, Durham and Raleigh, to also having a branch in Charlotte. Dur-ing his tenure the bank’s assets grew from $5 million to $41 million. John Wheeler, Mr. Speaker, was in-strumental in making loans to hun-dreds of families in North Carolina, en-abling them to purchase their homes. He made loans to churches and busi-nesses, loans they otherwise would not have been able to obtain because of dis-criminatory lending practices. John Wheeler was eager to become a lawyer. He enrolled in law school at the North Carolina College for Negroes, now North Carolina Central Univer-sity, where in 1947 he was among the first law school graduates. John Wheeler became a thoughtful activist through his involvement known as the Durham Committee on Negro Affairs, a community-based civil and political organization founded in Durham in 1935. Mr. Wheeler began serving as chairman in 1957, a position he held until 1978. The organization continues today as the Durham Com-mittee on the Affairs of Black People. During my entire time in Durham, Mr. Speaker, as a student at North Carolina Central University, John Wheeler was a titan of a community leader, well respected, and effective. On many occasions, he personally coun-seled me by providing advice that I re-call to this day. It was through the Durham Com-mittee on Negro Affairs that Attorney Wheeler and Attorney M. Hugh Thomp-son and Attorney Oliver Hill of Rich-mond, Virginia, challenged several North Carolina school boards by alleg-ing they were failing to provide equal funding to African American schools. It was a constitutional challenge. In the case of Blue v. Durham Public School District filed on May 18, 1949, Wheeler, Thompson, and Hill were suc-cessful in proving that the Durham Public School District was violating the 14th Amendment of the United States Constitution. The court entered its order and I have a copy with me today, Mr. Speak-er. I will simply read one sentence: 
The net result of what has been done leaves Negro school children at many dis-advantages which must be overcome. 
The court ordered equal funding for the schools on January 26, 1951, in the very building we are naming today. Incidentally, Mr. Speaker, the State courthouse in Richmond, Virginia, is named for his cocounsel, Oliver Hill. In my home county of Wilson, also in 1949, Black residents employed Attorney Wheeler to represent them in a similar lawsuit because the Wilson County School Board refused to build any pub-lic schools in the rural portions of the county for African American children. Mr. Wheeler won that case as well, and because of the litigation, two con-solidated schools were constructed. Thousands of African American chil-dren in Wilson County benefited by ob-taining a high school education. Mr. Wheeler ultimately filed several school desegregation lawsuits before the end of the decade. In 1956, he and several other Durham attorneys, in-cluding future CORE chairman, Floyd B. McKissick, Sr., won the U.S. Su-preme Court case of Frasier v. Board of Trustees of the University of North Carolina, which led to the first three African American undergraduates to gain admission to our State’s flagship institution. In 1961, President Kennedy appointed John Wheeler to the President’s Com-mittee on Equal Employment Oppor-tunity. In 1963, Mr. Wheeler became an incorporator of the North Carolina Fund, an ambitious antipoverty agency established by then-Governor Terry Sanford to help eradicate poverty. Mr. Wheeler joined the organization’s board, and his bank became the reposi-tory for its accounts. In 1964, then-Governor Terry Sanford named John Wheeler as a delegate to the Democratic Party’s national con-vention in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Mr. Wheeler was the first African American in North Carolina to be a convention delegate. That same year, Mr. Wheeler became the first African American President of the Southern Regional Council, a civil rights organization founded in 1944 and based in Atlanta, Georgia. In 1967, John Wheeler received an honorary doc-torate from Morehouse College for his tireless leadership as a member of the school’s board of trustees. He had pre-viously received honorary doctorates from Shaw University in Raleigh, Johnson C. Smith University in Char-lotte, and Tuskegee University in Tuskegee, Alabama. In 1970, Mr. Wheeler was awarded an honorary doctorate from Duke Univer-sity, and that same year received the Frank Porter Graham civil liberties award for his defense of freedom for all North Carolinians. In 1971, North Carolina Central Uni-versity, my alma mater, also honored him with an honorary doctorate de-gree. On January 4, 1976, Morehouse College formally dedicated the John H. Wheeler Hall as the school’s social sciences and business administration building. On December 25, Christmas Day, in 1935, Mr. Wheeler married the former Selena Lucille Warren, the daughter of Julia McCauley and Dr. Stanford L. Warren, a cofounder and one-time president of the Mechanics & Farmers Bank. They had two children, Julia Taylor and Warren Hervey Wheeler. Mr. Wheeler passed away 40 years ago on July 6, 1978, at the age of 70. Mr. Speaker, in closing, John Hervey Wheeler gave so much of himself to his community, State, and country. He ac-complished more in his time on Earth than some could hope to accomplish in two lifetimes. It is for these reasons that I respect-fully urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 3460, to direct that the United States courthouse be named in his honor. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , for shar-ing with us that amazing life story. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3460, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2734) to designate the Federal build-ing and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Court-house’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2734 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILD-ING AND UNITED STATES COURT-HOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘George P. Kazen Fed-eral Building and United States Court-house’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on S. 2734. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.061 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6224 July 16, 2018 
There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 2734 would designate the Federal building and the United States courthouse located in Laredo, Texas, as the George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Court-house. Judge Kazen was appointed to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas by Presi-dent Carter in 1979. He served as chief judge from 1996 to 2003, and assumed senior status in 2009. In March of this year, he retired from the bench. Prior to his appointment as a Federal judge, Judge Kazen was in private prac-tice for 14 years. Earlier in his career, he served in the United States Air Force as a captain and judge advocate. In addition, Judge Kazen has been an adjunct professor of law at St. Mary’s University School of Law and served as judge on the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Court. Given Judge Kazen’s service, I think it is more than fit to name this Federal building and courthouse after him. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of S. 2734 which designates the Federal building and United States courthouse located in Laredo, Texas, as the George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse. I would like to commend Congress-man C
UELLAR , our colleague from Texas, who introduced the House com-panion to this bill, H.R. 5280, that also has bipartisan support. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), to share with us the impressive story of Judge Kazen’s legal and public career. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I first of all want to thank the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) for the great leadership that she has provided in the committee and in the House also. I also want to thank my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) for his leadership and for the great service that he has provided the country here in the U.S. Congress. This particular bill means a lot to my district. I also want to thank, be-fore I forget, the members of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for unanimous support of this particular bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2734, a bill which would designate the Federal courthouse located in my dis-trict at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the George P. Kazen Building and United States Courthouse. b1745 Judge Kazen was born in Laredo, Texas, on February 29—a leap year—in 1940. He received his law degree with honors from the University of Texas School of Law in 1961. Shortly after graduation, he served a term as a brief attorney for the Texas Supreme Court and entered the United States Air Force as a JAG officer, where he was awarded the Air Force Commendation Medal also. Judge Kazen would return back to the city of Laredo in 1965, where he practiced law until he was appointed by President Jimmy Carter to become a United States district judge in 1979 for the Southern District of Texas. During his many years of service in the courtroom, he was known as an honest, humble, and dedicated indi-vidual. He was also among the most re-spected judges in the State and in the country, and consistently ruled with class and fairness, all while still mak-ing time to serve numerous civic orga-nizations throughout south Texas. Judge Kazen recently retired after al-most 40 years of service on the bench. I am pleased to have this opportunity to honor him and say that this is an outstanding individual and a very noble individual. Dedicating this Fed-eral building and courthouse would serve as a reminder to all of us of this great man of character who served his community and his country for so many years. Also, I want to convey my legislative intent for this bill that the central jury assembly room on the first floor of this courthouse be known as the Marcel C. Notzon II Jury Room. Judge Notzon was born on August 24, 1935, in Laredo. His love for the law and justice spanned a legal career over 39 years, with almost a quarter century on the bench as the United States mag-istrate judge for the Southern District of Texas. Judge Kazen, the man whom this building will be named after, would call Judge Notzon the ‘‘heart of the courthouse.’’ Judge Notzon, who just recently passed away, will be most remembered as a portrait of a beloved and compas-sionate public servant and for a full life he served in accordance with the rule of law. In particular, I want to thank Sen-ator J OHN CORNYN and Senator C RUZ for helping to bring this bill to the floor in the Senate and successfully passing the Senate, and all my Texas colleagues, all 36 Members from Texas in the House, for also supporting this piece of legislation that would honor George P. Kazen throughout this earned gesture. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the House to show their support for this bill to name the Federal court-house located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse. I want to thank Ms. T
ITUS and Mr. B
ARLETTA for their work and their sup-port, and their staff also, and the com-mittee. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank our colleague Mr. C
UELLAR for helping ex-plain why it is even more important for us to name this building for Judge Kazen. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2734. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROMOTING FLOOD RISK MITIGATION ACT Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R 5846) to require the Comptroller General of the United States to con-duct a study regarding the buyout practices of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5846 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting Flood Risk Mitigation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. GAO STUDY REGARDING BUYOUT PRAC-TICES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency; (2) the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-gress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives; (3) the terms ‘‘buyout practice’’ and ‘‘buyout program’’ mean a practice or program, as appli-cable, under which the Administrator provides assistance to State and local governments so that those entities may acquire flood-damaged properties committed to open space use in per-petuity in accordance with section 404(b)(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c(b)(2)); (4) the term ‘‘eligible property owner’’ means a policyholder under the National Flood Insur-ance Program with a household income that is not more than 120 percent of the mean house-hold income for the community in which the pri-mary residence of the policyholder is located; (5) the term ‘‘National Flood Insurance Pro-gram’’ means the program established under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.); (6) the term ‘‘repetitive loss structure’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1370(a) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4121(a)); and (7) the term ‘‘severe repetitive loss structure’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1366(h) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104c(h)). (b) S
TUDY REQUIRED .—The Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall conduct a study to assess— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.064 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6225 July 16, 2018 
(1) the efficacy of buyout practices, as in ef-fect on the date on which the study is con-ducted; and (2) ways to streamline the buyout practices described in paragraph (1) in order to provide more timely assistance to a larger number of State and local governments. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS AND ANALYSIS .—The study conducted under subsection (b) shall con-sider and analyze the following: (1) To the extent possible, current (as of the date on which the study is conducted) and fu-ture trends with respect to repetitive loss struc-tures and severe repetitive loss structures that are insured under the National Flood Insurance Program, including, with respect to both inland and coastal areas— (A) changes in flood risk, flood frequency, and flood magnitude since the inception of the National Flood Insurance Program; and (B) projections for changes in flood risk, flood frequency, and flood magnitude by 2025, 2050, and 2075. (2) To the extent possible, buyout practices (as of the date on which the study is conducted), including— (A) the availability of funding sources for buyout programs through various grant pro-grams; (B) the total number of properties acquired though buyout programs; (C) the average length of time for a State or local government to acquire a flood-damaged property under a buyout program, with that pe-riod beginning on the date on which the State or local government, as applicable, begins par-ticipating in the buyout program; (D) an estimate of the number of flood-dam-aged properties that could be acquired from will-ing property owners under buyout programs with the full cooperation of State and local gov-ernments; (E) the socioeconomic status of recipients of buyouts under buyout programs; and (F) examples of successful buyout programs, including best practices employed. (3) Administrative, financial, or temporal con-straints that may impede the timely acquisition of properties under a buyout program, includ-ing— (A) a lack of communication or cooperation between the Administrator and the State and local governments that purchase properties under a buyout program; (B) pressures to redevelop a property after ac-quiring a property through a buyout program; and (C) a lack of adequate funding. (4) Potential options, methods, and strategies to address the constraints identified under para-graph (3), including evaluating the feasibility of— (A) a pilot program under which— (i) an eligible property owner may agree, be-fore a flood event occurs, to have the primary single-family residence of the eligible property owner purchased after the residence has been substantially damaged by a flood; (ii) the Administrator may provide— (I) financial assistance to State and local gov-ernments that are willing to participate in the program to purchase and acquire the properties of owners that have incurred substantial dam-age from a flood event; and (II) a premium credit as an incentive to eligi-ble property owners to agree to participate in the program; (iii) properties that are acquired— (I) shall be maintained as open space in ac-cordance with section 404(b)(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c(b)(2)); and (II) may be used for non-structural mitigation, conservation, and recreational purposes; and (iv) not fewer than 5 and not more than 10 State and local governments shall participate; and (B) the role that nonprofit organizations could play in making buyouts more readily available or more efficient, similar to the role that those organizations play in the acquisition of properties for conservation purposes. (5) The ecological, financial, and flood risk re-duction benefits that buyout practices, as in ef-fect on the date on which the study is con-ducted, provide, which shall— (A) take into account the differences between inland and coastal areas; and (B) include— (i) examples in which ecosystem restoration and other nature-based approaches have en-hanced the reduction of flood risk; and (ii) recommendations for best practices. (6) To the extent possible, an assessment of how the Administrator may use buyout pro-grams to reduce future flood disaster recovery costs that are attributable to future projections of flood risk as a result of sea level rise, popu-lation changes, subsidence, and other factors. (7) A cost-benefit analysis of mitigation and buy-out projects and programs, including an as-sessment of opportunities and challenges for leveraging different Federal resources and fund-ing to maximize the value of Federal investment in disaster mitigation. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and the Administrator a report that sets forth the analysis, conclusions, and recommendations re-sulting from the study conducted under sub-section (b). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall detail the feasibility of the Administrator establishing, and the processes re-quired for the Administrator to establish, an al-ternative buyout program, such as the pilot pro-gram described in subsection (c)(4)(A). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 5846, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5846, as amended, the Promoting Flood Risk Mitigation Act, requires the Government Account-ability Office to conduct a study and issue a report to Congress regarding the flood buyout practices of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency. The removal of homes and buildings that have been repeatedly flooded to avoid future disaster damages and losses is a critical mitigation tech-nique. These mitigation measures not only save lives but also reduce disaster costs by minimizing the risk of future dam-age from disasters. Studies have shown that for every $1 invested in mitiga-tion, there is a potential savings of $4 to $8, because of damages avoided. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5846, the Promoting Flood Risk Mitiga-tion Act, as amended. This bill was brought to us by my colleague from Oregon (Mr. BLU-
MENAUER ). The bill requires the Government Ac-countability Office to conduct a study of the efficacy of buyouts of flood- prone property acquired by the Federal Emergency Management Agency and examine ways to streamline funding to provide more timely assistance to a larger number of State and local gov-ernments. One only needs to look at last year’s hurricane season to see the devastating impacts of these intense storms that were caused by climate change and what they did to our communities. Un-fortunately for many residents, the damage and destruction caused by Hur-ricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria were not occurring for the first time but for a second or third time. These homes have been flooded and then had to be repaired with Federal assistance. In order to stop this endless repairing and rebuilding of homes in floodplain areas, we must find ways to encourage more homeowners to agree to having their homes bought out, as well as ways to encourage State and local gov-ernments to purchase more of these properties. The bill before you requires the GAO to assess the feasibility of a pilot pro-gram that, in exchange for a credit on their flood insurance premiums, prop-erty owners would be able to agree, be-fore a flood occurs, to have their resi-dence bought out if their residence is later substantially damaged by flood. The study would also examine the role that nonprofit organizations could play in making buyouts more readily avail-able and more efficient. We must stop the cycle of destroy, rebuild, destroy, rebuild. This study is a good first step to assess the benefits of buyouts and the feasibility of poten-tial solutions. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO), who is the rank-ing member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, to further discuss this. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member and the gentle-woman from Nevada from the com-mittee of jurisdiction on this issue. During the markup of the National Flood Insurance Program, a number of us suggested that perhaps there is a way to help this bankrupt program save substantial funds. Right now, the program is $20 billion in debt, and we have a temporary extension from the March omnibus that expires in July. The issue is that 2 percent of the properties in America have accounted for 24 percent of the spending by the National Flood Insurance Program. More than 30,000 of them have flooded five times each and been rebuilt by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.029 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6226 July 16, 2018 
bankrupt Federal Flood Insurance Pro-gram. Some have flooded more than 30 times. This is insanity, that we would keep rebuilding in these flood-prone areas, rebuilding, rebuilding, rebuilding, and piling up debt and raising the insur-ance premiums for everybody else on the program who presents way less risk. So we decided that a way to go would be to provide a significant incentive to these people, and the incentive would be that they would have an agreed- upon contract with FEMA to purchase their property at preflood market value, and they would also get a dis-count on their Federal flood insurance. So they get the discount on the insur-ance and have entered into an agree-ment to sell the property to FEMA at the full market price. FEMA would re-move the structures, and it would be turned into open space that would con-tinue to flood repeatedly, but we wouldn’t have to pay anything to re-build it. We proposed that. The House Repub-licans said, oh, they thought it would be too expensive. We don’t know if it would be too expensive. It is 2 percent and 24 percent of the costs. I don’t think it is going to be more expensive. I think it is going to save a heck of a lot of money. So this bill would have the GAO, the Government Accountability Office, study this proposal and set up a pilot program to see if, indeed, it would fa-cilitate cost savings and avoid the re-peated rebuilding of flood-prone struc-tures and have willing takers on the other side. The other real incentive is that, if someone has finally tired of it the fifth time their house was flooded and they want out, that process now takes 2 to 5 years and involves a whole lot of nego-tiations over value, preflood value, and all that sort of thing. Here you get an agreed-upon preflood value; you get a discount on your flood insurance; and you just walk away. FEMA will take care of the rest, the removal of the rub-ble and turning that into open space. So I think this would be one thing we need to do to help the Federal Flood Insurance Program, which is critical. Thirty-four thousand people in my State have it. I have had Federal insur-ance; I don’t have it anymore. But this is a critical program for many, many people who are only very, very occa-sionally going to be flooded, but they can’t get a mortgage unless they have flood insurance. Mr. Speaker, I recommend this bill strongly to my colleagues. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his work on this bill. I thank the gentlewoman from Nevada for her work on this bill. It is a bipar-tisan bill because it makes common-sense. So whether it is D
EFAZIO or B LU-
MENAUER or D UFFY —go down the list of different people who have worked on it—they have worked on something that makes eminent commonsense, and I want to thank them for their efforts. The saying is: If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. But the corollary to that is: If it is broken, fix it. What we have just heard are any number of different conversations about the degree to which the buyout program is not just a little bit broken but a whole lot broken. First off, just at an individual level, it captures people in a hamster wheel that they can never get out of. If you look at the average buyout time, it is about 5 years. In that 5-year time pe-riod, people are stuck there waiting and waiting and waiting as their house, in many cases, refloods. I have been to Shadowmoss in the West Ashley section of Charleston. I re-member going in there after a flood. Those people who had a second story had carried stuff up to the second story. Those who didn’t were just deal-ing with the flooding as it occurred on the first floor. But they had been re-peatedly flooded. So at an individual level, this makes sense for the remedy that it offers an individual, so they are not stuck in a house that is repeatedly flooding, as they are trapped in dealing with that. It makes sense based on what Mother Nature is telling us. My colleague from Nevada mentioned this notion of climate change. I don’t know exactly what is going on, but I know that in Charleston, South Caro-lina, if you compare the 1950s with the present day, there is 10 times more flooding in what they call king tides, and it has become regular. Something is going on out there that says this buyout program needs to be adjusted, and it needs to be adjusted now. The final point I would make is that this makes, as has been registered thus far, a whole lot of sense for the tax-payer, because if you look at the num-bers, again, 30,000 homes in America have been flooded five or more times with substantial consequence to the taxpayer. We are talking about $5.5 bil-lion being spent by the taxpayer in re-building and repairing. Destroy and re-pair is the term my colleague from Ne-vada used. The destroy-and-repair, de-stroy-and-repair cycle is destructive for the taxpayer. It is for that reason that everybody from the State floodplain managers to the National Association of Realtors to the Nature Conservancy has supported this measure. I cannot endorse it enough, and I thank the gentleman for his work on it. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge passage of this legislation and all the bills that we have brought before you today from this sub-committee. I want to thank our chairman, Mr. BARLETTA , for working with us across the aisle on these bipartisan bills. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1800 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5846, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5846, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REINSTATING AND EXTENDING DEADLINE FOR CONSTRUCTION OF HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT INVOLVING GIBSON DAM Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 490) to reinstate and extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gibson Dam. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 490 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REINSTATEMENT AND EXTENSION OF TIME FOR FEDERAL ENERGY REGU-LATORY COMMISSION PROJECT IN-VOLVING GIBSON DAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12478–003, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of, and the procedures of the Commission under, that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence construction of the project for not more than 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the period required for the commencement of construction of the project described in subsection (a) has ex-pired prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the li-cense effective as of that date of expiration. (2) E
XTENSION .—If the Commission rein-states the license under paragraph (1), the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of that expi-ration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD  on the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.067 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6227 July 16, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, S. 490, author-izes the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, upon request, to extend by 6 years the time period dur-ing which construction must com-mence on a hydroelectric project in-volving the Gibson Dam, which is lo-cated on the Sun River in Montana. Additionally, FERC may reinstate the construction license if it is expired. This bill passed the Senate by unani-mous consent back on June 28, and I would urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation so that we can send it to the President’s desk. I would also note that when the Sen-ate passed this bill, they also passed five other House bills extending con-struction licenses for hydro projects in North Carolina, New York, Virginia, and West Virginia. These now have be-come law. So this is the last one. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 490. This bipartisan legislation, spon-sored by Senators S
TEVE DAINES , JON T
ESTER , and J IMRISCH, would reinstate and extend the deadline for the con-struction of a hydroelectric project on the Gibson Dam in Augusta, Montana. Congressman G
IANFORTE of Montana introduced companion legislation last year. The Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission licensed the project in 2014, but the developer was unable to commence construction before the statutory dead-lines passed. S. 490 is substantially similar to leg-islation that, during the previous Con-gress, was reported unanimously by the Energy and Commerce Committee and passed the House with 410 votes. I know of no objections to the bill on this side of the aisle, and I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in support of S. 490. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mon-tana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). I would note that he was the sponsor of the House companion bill. This is a Senate bill that we are taking up, but, obviously, he has great interest in it. I would note that we passed it with strong bipartisan support through the Energy Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, the Bureau of Reclamation built the origi-nal Gibson Dam on the Sun River be-tween 1926 and 1929. The dam has served to capture spring snowmelt for irrigation and to prevent flooding in the region. This bill would extend the FERC license to build a 15-megawatt turbine at the base of the existing Gib-son Dam. The ability to produce clean energy off Gibson Dam will benefit the county and the State by creating a new source of revenue. Furthermore, the construc-tion of the powerhouse will bring jobs to Montana. Finally, the turbine will be built in such a way that helps the environment and enhances fish and wildlife opportunities. By granting an extension of this permit, we are giving a community in Montana a chance to create jobs and a benefit to the envi-ronment. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to correct the record. We were going to take this up and pass it like that, but the Senate acted first, which is why we are taking up the Senate bill. It does have bipar-tisan support. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 490. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
OVER-THE-COUNTER MONOGRAPH SAFETY, INNOVATION, AND RE-FORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5333) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to certain nonprescription drugs that are marketed without an approved new drug application, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5333 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Over-the- Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act of 2018’’. TITLE I—OTC DRUG REVIEW 
SEC. 101. REGULATION OF CERTAIN NON-PRESCRIPTION DRUGS THAT ARE MARKETED WITHOUT AN APPROVED NEW DRUG APPLICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by in-serting after section 505F of such Act (21 U.S.C. 355g) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 505G. REGULATION OF CERTAIN NON-PRESCRIPTION DRUGS THAT ARE MARKETED WITHOUT AN APPROVED NEW DRUG APPLICATION. 
‘‘(a) N ONPRESCRIPTION DRUGS MARKETED  W
ITHOUT AN APPROVED APPLICATION .—Non-prescription drugs marketed without an ap-proved new drug application under section 505, as of the date of the enactment of the Over-the- Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act of 2018, shall be treated in accord-ance with this subsection. ‘‘(1) DRUGS SUBJECT TO A FINAL MONOGRAPH ; 
CATEGORY I DRUGS SUBJECT TO A TENTATIVE  
FINAL MONOGRAPH .—A drug is deemed to be gen-erally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1), not a new drug under section 201(p), and not subject to section 503(b)(1), if— ‘‘(A) the drug is— ‘‘(i) in conformity with the requirements for nonprescription use of a final monograph issued under part 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regu-lations (except as provided in paragraph (2)), the general requirements for nonprescription drugs, and requirements under subsections (b), (c), and (k); and ‘‘(ii) except as permitted by an order issued under subsection (b) or, in the case of a minor change in the drug, in conformity with an order issued under subsection (c), in a dosage form that, immediately prior to the date of the enact-ment of this section, has been used to a material extent and for a material time within the mean-ing of section 201(p)(2); or ‘‘(B) the drug is— ‘‘(i) classified in category I for safety and ef-fectiveness under a tentative final monograph that is the most recently applicable proposal or determination issued under part 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(ii) in conformity with the proposed require-ments for nonprescription use of such tentative final monograph, any applicable subsequent de-termination by the Secretary, the general re-quirements for nonprescription drugs, and re-quirements under subsections (b), (c), and (k); and ‘‘(iii) except as permitted by an order issued under subsection (b) or, in the case of a minor change in the drug, in conformity with an order issued under subsection (c), in a dosage form that, immediately prior to the date of the enact-ment of this section, has been used to a material extent and for a material time within the mean-ing of section 201(p)(2). ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF SUNSCREEN DRUGS .—With respect to sunscreen drugs subject to this sec-tion, the applicable requirements shall be the re-quirements specified in part 352 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as published on May 21, 1999, beginning on page 27687 of volume 64 of the Federal Register, except that the applicable requirements governing effectiveness and label-ing shall be those specified in section 201.327 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, subject to the requirements of subsections (b), (c), and (k). ‘‘(3) C
ATEGORY III DRUGS SUBJECT TO A TEN -
TATIVE FINAL MONOGRAPH ; CATEGORY I DRUGS  
SUBJECT TO PROPOSED MONOGRAPH OR ADVANCE  
NOTICE OF PROPOSED RULEMAKING .—A drug that is not described in paragraphs (1), (2), or (4) is not required to be the subject of an application approved under section 505, and is not subject to section 503(b)(1), if— ‘‘(A) the drug is— ‘‘(i) classified in category III for safety or ef-fectiveness in the preamble of a proposed rule establishing a tentative final monograph that is the most recently applicable proposal or deter-mination for such drug issued under part 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(ii) in conformity with— ‘‘(I) the conditions of use, including indica-tion and dosage strength, if any, described for such category III drug in such preamble or in an applicable subsequent proposed rule; ‘‘(II) the proposed requirements for drugs clas-sified in such tentative final monograph in cat-egory I in the most recently proposed rule estab-lishing requirements related to such tentative final monograph and in any final rule estab-lishing requirements that are applicable to the drug; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.071 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6228 July 16, 2018 
‘‘(III) the general requirements for non-prescription drugs and requirements under sub-sections (b) or (k); and ‘‘(iii) in a dosage form that, immediately prior to the date of the enactment of this section, was not required to have satisfied the requirements of section 330.14 of title 21, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (as in effect at that time), in order for such drug to be lawfully marketed without an application approved under section 505; or ‘‘(B) the drug is— ‘‘(i) classified in category I for safety and ef-fectiveness under a proposed monograph or ad-vance notice of proposed rulemaking that is the most recently applicable proposal or determina-tion for such drug issued under part 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(ii) in conformity with the requirements for nonprescription use of such proposed mono-graph or advance notice of proposed rule-making, any applicable subsequent determina-tion by the Secretary, the general requirements for nonprescription drugs, and requirements under subsections (b) or (k); and ‘‘(iii) in a dosage form that, immediately prior to the date of the enactment of this section, has been used to a material extent and for a mate-rial time within the meaning of section 201(p)(2). ‘‘(4) C
ATEGORY II DRUGS DEEMED NEW  
DRUGS .—A drug that is classified in category II for safety or effectiveness under a tentative final monograph or that is subject to a deter-mination to be not safe or effective in a pro-posed rule that is the most recently applicable proposal issued under part 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, shall be deemed to be a new drug within the meaning of section 201(p), misbranded under section 502(ee), and subject to the requirement for an approved new drug ap-plication under section 505 beginning on the day that is 180 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this section, unless, before such day, the Secretary determines that it is in the interest of public health to extend the period during which the drug may be marketed without such an approved new drug application. ‘‘(5) D
RUGS NOT GRASE DEEMED NEW DRUGS .— A drug that the Secretary has determined not to be generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1) under a final determination issued under part 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, shall be deemed to be a new drug within the meaning of section 201(p), misbranded under section 502(ee), and subject to the requirement for an approved new drug application under section 505. ‘‘(6) O
THER DRUGS DEEMED NEW DRUGS .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (m), a drug is deemed to be a new drug within the meaning of section 201(p) and misbranded under section 502(ee) if the drug— ‘‘(A) is not subject to section 503(b)(1); and ‘‘(B) is not described in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), or (5), or subsection (b)(1)(B). ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE ORDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary may, on the initiative of the Secretary or at the request of one or more requestors, issue administrative orders determining whether there are conditions under which specific drugs, classes of such drugs, or combinations of such drugs are deter-mined to be— ‘‘(i) not subject to section 503(b)(1); and ‘‘(ii) generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1). ‘‘(B) E
FFECT .—A drug or combination of drugs shall be deemed to not require approval under section 505 if such drug or combination of drugs— ‘‘(i) is determined by the Secretary to meet the conditions specified in clauses (i) and (ii) of sub-paragraph (A); ‘‘(ii) is marketed in conformity with an admin-istrative order under this subsection; ‘‘(iii) meets the general requirements for non-prescription drugs; and ‘‘(iv) meets the requirements under subsections (c) and (k). ‘‘(C) STANDARD .—The Secretary shall find that a drug is not generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1) if— ‘‘(i) the evidence shows that the drug is not generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1); or ‘‘(ii) the evidence is inadequate to show that the drug is generally recognized as safe and ef-fective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1). ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE ORDERS INITIATED BY  
THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In issuing an administra-tive order under paragraph (1) upon the Sec-retary’s initiative, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) make reasonable efforts to notify infor-mally, not later than 2 business days before the issuance of the proposed order, the sponsors of drugs who have a listing in effect under section 510(j) for the drugs or combination of drugs that will be subject to the administrative order; ‘‘(ii) after any such reasonable efforts of noti-fication— ‘‘(I) issue a proposed administrative order by publishing it on the website of the Food and Drug Administration and include in such order the reasons for the issuance of such order; and ‘‘(II) publish a notice of availability of such proposed order in the Federal Register; ‘‘(iii) except as provided in subparagraph (B), provide for a public comment period with respect to such proposed order of not less than 45 cal-endar days; and ‘‘(iv) if, after completion of the proceedings specified in clauses (i) through (iii), the Sec-retary determines that it is appropriate to issue a final administrative order— ‘‘(I) issue the final administrative order, to-gether with a detailed statement of reasons, which order shall not take effect until the time for requesting judicial review under paragraph (3)(D)(ii) has expired; ‘‘(II) publish a notice of such final adminis-trative order in the Federal Register; ‘‘(III) afford requestors of drugs that will be subject to such order the opportunity for formal dispute resolution up to the level of the Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Re-search, which initially must be requested within 45 calendar days of the issuance of the order, and, for subsequent levels of appeal, within 30 calendar days of the prior decision; and ‘‘(IV) except with respect to drugs described in paragraph (3)(B), upon completion of the formal dispute resolution procedure, inform the persons which sought such dispute resolution of their right to request a hearing. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—When issuing an adminis-trative order under paragraph (1) on the Sec-retary’s initiative proposing to determine that a drug described in subsection (a)(3) is not gen-erally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1), the Secretary shall follow the procedures in subparagraph (A), except that— ‘‘(i) the proposed order shall include notice of— ‘‘(I) the general categories of data the Sec-retary has determined necessary to establish that the drug is generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1); and ‘‘(II) the format for submissions by interested persons; ‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall provide for a public comment period of no less than 180 calendar days with respect to such proposed order, except when the Secretary determines, for good cause, that a shorter period is in the interests of public health; and ‘‘(iii) any person who submits data in such comment period shall include a certification that the person has submitted all evidence cre-ated, obtained, or received by that person that is both within the categories of data identified in the proposed order and relevant to a deter-mination as to whether the drug is generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1). ‘‘(3) HEARINGS ; JUDICIAL REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Only a person who partici-pated in each stage of formal dispute resolution under subclause (III) of paragraph (2)(A)(iv) of an administrative order with respect to a drug may request a hearing concerning a final ad-ministrative order issued under such paragraph with respect to such drug. Such person must submit a request for a hearing, which shall be based solely on information in the administra-tive record, to the Secretary not later than 30 calendar days after receiving notice of the final decision of the formal dispute resolution proce-dure. ‘‘(B) N
O HEARING REQUIRED WITH RESPECT TO  
ORDERS RELATING TO CERTAIN DRUGS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not be required to provide notice and an opportunity for a hearing pursuant to paragraph (2)(A)(iv) if the final administrative order involved relates to a drug— ‘‘(I) that is described in subsection (a)(3)(A); and ‘‘(II) with respect to which no human or non- human data studies relevant to the safety or ef-fectiveness of such drug have been submitted to the administrative record since the issuance of the most recent tentative final monograph relat-ing to such drug. ‘‘(ii) H
UMAN DATA STUDIES AND NON -HUMAN  
DATA DEFINED .—In this subparagraph: ‘‘(I) The term ‘human data studies’ means clinical trials of safety or effectiveness (includ-ing actual use studies), pharmacokinetics stud-ies, or bioavailability studies. ‘‘(II) The term ‘non-human data’ means data from testing other than with human subjects which provides information concerning safety or effectiveness. ‘‘(C) H
EARING PROCEDURES .— ‘‘(i) D
ENIAL OF REQUEST FOR HEARING .—If the Secretary determines that information submitted in a request for a hearing under subparagraph (A) with respect to a final administrative order issued under paragraph (2)(A)(iv), does not identify the existence of a genuine and substan-tial question of material fact, the Secretary may deny such request. In making such a determina-tion, the Secretary may consider only informa-tion and data that are based on relevant and re-liable scientific principles and methodologies. ‘‘(ii) S
INGLE HEARING FOR MULTIPLE RELATED  
REQUESTS .—If more than one request for a hear-ing is submitted with respect to the same admin-istrative order under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary may direct that a single hearing be con-ducted in which all persons whose hearing re-quests were granted may participate. ‘‘(iii) P
RESIDING OFFICER .—The presiding offi-cer of a hearing requested under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(I) be designated by the Secretary; ‘‘(II) not be an employee of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research; and ‘‘(III) not have been previously involved in the development of the administrative order in-volved or proceedings relating to that adminis-trative order. ‘‘(iv) R
IGHTS OF PARTIES TO HEARING .—The parties to a hearing requested under subpara-graph (A) shall have the right to present testi-mony, including testimony of expert witnesses, and to cross-examine witnesses presented by other parties. Where appropriate, the presiding officer may require that cross-examination by parties representing substantially the same in-terests be consolidated to promote efficiency and avoid duplication. ‘‘(v) F
INAL DECISION .— ‘‘(I) At the conclusion of a hearing requested under subparagraph (A), the presiding officer of the hearing shall issue a decision containing findings of fact and conclusions of law. The de-cision of the presiding officer shall be final. ‘‘(II) The final decision may not take effect until the period under subparagraph (D)(ii) for submitting a request for judicial review of such decision expires. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.035 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6229 July 16, 2018 
‘‘(D) J UDICIAL REVIEW OF FINAL ADMINISTRA -
TIVE ORDER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The procedures described in section 505(h) shall apply with respect to judi-cial review of final administrative orders issued under this subsection in the same manner and to the same extent as such section applies to an order described in such section except that the judicial review shall be taken by filing in an ap-propriate district court of the United States in lieu of the appellate courts specified in such sec-tion. ‘‘(ii) P
ERIOD TO SUBMIT A REQUEST FOR JUDI -
CIAL REVIEW .—A person eligible to request a hearing under this paragraph and seeking judi-cial review of a final administrative order issued under this subsection shall file such request for judicial review not later than 60 calendar days after the latest of— ‘‘(I) the date on which notice of such order is published; ‘‘(II) the date on which a hearing with respect to such order is denied under subparagraph (B) or (C)(i); ‘‘(III) the date on which a final decision is made following a hearing under subparagraph (C)(v); or ‘‘(IV) if no hearing is requested, the date on which the time for requesting a hearing expires. ‘‘(4) E
XPEDITED PROCEDURE WITH RESPECT TO  
ADMINISTRATIVE ORDERS INITIATED BY THE SEC -
RETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
MMINENT HAZARD TO THE PUBLIC  
HEALTH .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a determina-tion by the Secretary that a drug, class of drugs, or combination of drugs subject to this section poses an imminent hazard to the public health, the Secretary, after first making reasonable ef-forts to notify, not later than 48 hours before issuance of such order under this subparagraph, sponsors who have a listing in effect under sec-tion 510(j) for such drug or combination of drugs— ‘‘(I) may issue an interim final administrative order for such drug, class of drugs, or combina-tion of drugs under paragraph (1), together with a detailed statement of the reasons for such order; ‘‘(II) shall publish in the Federal Register a notice of availability of any such order; and ‘‘(III) shall provide for a public comment pe-riod of at least 45 calendar days with respect to such interim final order. ‘‘(ii) N
ONDELEGATION .—The Secretary may not delegate the authority to issue an interim final administrative order under this subparagraph. ‘‘(B) S
AFETY LABELING CHANGES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a determina-tion by the Secretary that a change in the label-ing of a drug, class of drugs, or combination of drugs subject to this section is reasonably ex-pected to mitigate a significant or unreasonable risk of a serious adverse event associated with use of the drug, the Secretary may— ‘‘(I) make reasonable efforts to notify infor-mally, not later than 48 hours before the issuance of the interim final order, the sponsors of drugs who have a listing in effect under sec-tion 510(j) for such drug or combination of drugs; ‘‘(II) after reasonable efforts of notification, issue an interim final administrative order in accordance with paragraph (1) to require such change, together with a detailed statement of the reasons for such order; ‘‘(III) publish in the Federal Register a notice of availability of such order; and ‘‘(IV) provide for a public comment period of at least 45 calendar days with respect to such interim final order. ‘‘(ii) C
ONTENT OF ORDER .—An interim final order issued under this subparagraph with re-spect to the labeling of a drug may provide for new warnings and other information required for safe use of the drug. ‘‘(C) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—An order under sub-paragraph (A) or (B) shall take effect on a date specified by the Secretary. ‘‘(D) FINAL ORDER .—After the completion of the proceedings in subparagraph (A) or (B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) issue a final order in accordance with paragraph (1); ‘‘(ii) publish a notice of availability of such final administrative order in the Federal Reg-ister; and ‘‘(iii) afford sponsors of such drugs that will be subject to such an order the opportunity for formal dispute resolution up to the level of the Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, which must initially be within 45 cal-endar days of the issuance of the order, and for subsequent levels of appeal, within 30 calendar days of the prior decision. ‘‘(E) H
EARINGS .—A sponsor of a drug subject to a final order issued under subparagraph (D) and that participated in each stage of formal dispute resolution under clause (iii) of such sub-paragraph may request a hearing on such order. The provisions of subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (3), other than paragraph (3)(C)(v)(II), shall apply with respect to a hear-ing on such order in the same manner and to the same extent as such provisions apply with respect to a hearing on an administrative order issued under paragraph (2)(A)(iv). ‘‘(F) T
IMING .— ‘‘(i) F
INAL ORDER AND HEARING .—The Sec- retary shall— ‘‘(I) not later than 6 months after the date on which the comment period closes under subpara-graph (A) or (B), issue a final order in accord-ance with paragraph (1); and ‘‘(II) not later than 12 months after the date on which such final order is issued, complete any hearing under subparagraph (E). ‘‘(ii) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION REQUEST .—The Sec- retary shall specify in an interim final order issued under subparagraph (A) or (B) such shorter periods for requesting dispute resolution under subparagraph (D)(iii) as are necessary to meet the requirements of this subparagraph. ‘‘(G) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—A final order issued pursuant to subparagraph (F) shall be subject to judicial review in accordance with paragraph (3)(D). ‘‘(5) A
DMINISTRATIVE ORDER INITIATED AT THE  
REQUEST OF A REQUESTOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In issuing an administra-tive order under paragraph (1) at the request of a requestor with respect to certain drugs, classes of drugs, or combinations of drugs— ‘‘(i) the Secretary shall, after receiving a re-quest under this subparagraph, determine whether the request is sufficiently complete and formatted to permit a substantive review; ‘‘(ii) if the Secretary determines that the re-quest is sufficiently complete and formatted to permit a substantive review, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(I) file the request; and ‘‘(II) initiate proceedings with respect to issuing an administrative order in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3); and ‘‘(iii) except as provided in paragraph (6), if the Secretary determines that a request does not meet the requirements for filing or is not suffi-ciently complete and formatted to permit a sub-stantive review, the requestor may demand that the request be filed over protest, and the Sec-retary shall initiate proceedings to review the request in accordance with paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(B) R
EQUEST TO INITIATE PROCEEDINGS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A requestor seeking an ad-ministrative order under paragraph (1) with re-spect to certain drugs, classes of drugs, or com-binations of drugs, shall submit to the Secretary a request to initiate proceedings for such order in the form and manner as specified by the Sec-retary. Such requestor may submit a request under this subparagraph for the issuance of an administrative order— ‘‘(I) determining whether a drug is generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1), exempt from sec-tion 503(b)(1), and not required to be the subject of an approved application under section 505; or ‘‘(II) determining whether a change to a con-dition of use of a drug is generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1), exempt from section 503(b)(1), and not required to be the subject of an approved appli-cation under section 505, if, absent such a changed condition of use, such drug is— ‘‘(aa) generally recognized as safe and effec-tive within the meaning of section 201(p)(1) in accordance with subsection (a)(1), (a)(2), or an order under this subsection; or ‘‘(bb) subject to subsection (a)(3), but only if such requestor initiates such request in conjunc-tion with a request for the Secretary to deter-mine whether such drug is generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of sec-tion 201(p)(1), which is filed by the Secretary under subparagraph (A)(ii). ‘‘(ii) EXCEPTION .—The Secretary is not re-quired to complete review of a request for a change described in clause (i)(II) if the Sec-retary determines that there is an inadequate basis to find the drug is generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1) under paragraph (1) and issues a final order announcing that determination. ‘‘(iii) W
ITHDRAWAL .—The requestor may with-draw a request under this paragraph, according to the procedures set forth pursuant to sub-section (d)(2)(B). Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, if such request is with-drawn, the Secretary may cease proceedings under this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) E
XCLUSIVITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A final administrative order issued in response to a request under this sec-tion shall have the effect of authorizing solely the order requestor (or the licensees, assignees, or successors in interest of such requestor with respect to the subject of such order), for a period of 18 months following the effective date of such final order, to market drugs— ‘‘(I) incorporating changes described in clause (ii); ‘‘(II) beginning on the date the requestor (or any such licensees, assignees, or successors in interest) may lawfully market such drugs pursu-ant to the order; and ‘‘(III) subject to the limitations under clause (iv). ‘‘(ii) C
HANGES DESCRIBED .—A change de-scribed in this clause is a change subject to an order specified in clause (i), which— ‘‘(I) provides for a drug to contain an active ingredient (including any ester or salt of the ac-tive ingredient) not previously incorporated in a drug described in clause (iii); or ‘‘(II) provides for a change in the conditions of use of a drug, for which new human data studies conducted or sponsored by the requestor (or for which the requestor has an exclusive right of reference) were essential to the issuance of such order. ‘‘(iii) D
RUGS DESCRIBED .—The drugs described in this clause are drugs— ‘‘(I) specified in subsection (a)(1), (a)(2), or (a)(3); ‘‘(II) subject to a final order issued under this section; ‘‘(III) subject to a final sunscreen order (as defined in section 586(2)(A)); or ‘‘(IV) described in subsection (m)(1), other than drugs subject to an active enforcement ac-tion under chapter III of this Act. ‘‘(iv) L
IMITATIONS ON EXCLUSIVITY .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Only one period of exclu-sivity shall be granted, under each order de-scribed in clause (i), with respect to changes (to the drug subject to such order) which are ei-ther— ‘‘(aa) changes described in clause (ii)(I), relat-ing to active ingredients; or ‘‘(bb) changes described in clause (ii)(II), re-lating to conditions of use. ‘‘(II) N
O EXCLUSIVITY ALLOWED .—No exclu- sivity shall apply to changes to a drug which are— ‘‘(aa) the subject of a Tier 2 OTC monograph order request (as defined in section 744N); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.035 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6230 July 16, 2018 
‘‘(bb) safety-related changes, as defined by the Secretary, or any other changes the Sec-retary considers necessary to assure safe use; or ‘‘(cc) changes related to methods of testing safety or efficacy. ‘‘(v) N
EW HUMAN DATA STUDIES DEFINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘new human data studies’ means clinical trials of safety or effec-tiveness (including actual use studies), phar-macokinetics studies, or bioavailability studies, the results of which— ‘‘(I) have not been relied on by the Secretary to support— ‘‘(aa) a proposed or final determination that a drug described in subclauses (I), (II), or (III) of clause (iii) is generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1); or ‘‘(bb) approval of a drug that was approved under section 505; and ‘‘(II) do not duplicate the results of another study that was relied on by the Secretary to support— ‘‘(aa) a proposed or final determination that a drug described in subclauses (I), (II), or (III) of clause (iii) is generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1); or ‘‘(bb) approval of a drug that was approved under section 505. ‘‘(vi) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—A final order subject to clause (i) shall take effect on the date when the order requestor (or the licensees, assignees, or successors in interest of such requestor with respect to such order) submits updated drug list-ing information under subsection (e) with re-spect to the change which is permitted under such order. ‘‘(vii) GAO 
STUDY .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of the Over-the- Counter Monograph, Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act of 2018, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a study to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate addressing the effectiveness and overall impact of exclusivity under this section, includ-ing its impact on consumer access. Such study shall include— ‘‘(I) the number of nonprescription drug prod-ucts that were granted exclusivity and the indi-cation for which the nonprescription drug prod-ucts were determined to be generally recognized as safe and effective; ‘‘(II) whether the exclusivity for such drug products was granted for— ‘‘(aa) a new active ingredient (including any ester or salt of the active ingredient); or ‘‘(bb) changes in the conditions of use of a drug, for which new human data studies con-ducted or sponsored by the requestor were essen-tial; ‘‘(III) whether, and to what extent, the exclu-sivity impacted the requestor’s or sponsor’s deci-sion to develop the drug product; ‘‘(IV) an analysis of the implementation of the exclusivity provision in this subparagraph, in-cluding— ‘‘(aa) the resources used by the Food and Drug Administration; ‘‘(bb) the impact of such provision on innova-tion, as well as research and development in the nonprescription drug market; ‘‘(cc) the impact of such provision on competi-tion in the nonprescription drug market; ‘‘(dd) the impact of such provision on con-sumer access to nonprescription drug products; ‘‘(ee) the impact of such provision on the prices of nonprescription drug products; and ‘‘(ff) whether the administrative orders initi-ated by requestors under this section have been sufficient to encourage the development of non-prescription drug products that would likely not be otherwise developed, or developed in as time-ly a manner; and ‘‘(V) whether the administrative orders initi-ated by requestors under this section have been sufficient incentive to encourage innovation in the nonprescription drug market. ‘‘(6) INFORMATION REGARDING SAFE NON -
PRESCRIPTION MARKETING AND USE AS CONDITION  
FOR FILING A GENERALLY RECOGNIZED AS SAFE  
AND EFFECTIVE REQUEST .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In response to a request under this section that a drug described in sub-paragraph (B) be generally recognized as safe and effective, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) may file such request, if the request in-cludes information specified under subpara-graph (C) with respect to safe nonprescription marketing and use of such drug; or ‘‘(ii) if the request fails to include information specified under subparagraph (C), shall refuse to file such request and require that non-prescription marketing of the drug be pursuant to a new drug application as described in sub-paragraph (D). ‘‘(B) D
RUG DESCRIBED .—A drug described in this subparagraph is a nonprescription drug which contains an active ingredient not pre-viously incorporated in a drug— ‘‘(i) specified in subsection (a)(1), (a)(2), or (a)(3); ‘‘(ii) subject to a final order under this sec-tion; or ‘‘(iii) subject to a final sunscreen order (as de-fined in section 586(2)(A)). ‘‘(C) I
NFORMATION DEMONSTRATING PRIMA  
FACIE SAFE NONPRESCRIPTION MARKETING AND  
USE.—Information specified in this subpara-graph, with respect to a request described in subparagraph (A)(i), is— ‘‘(i) information sufficient for a prima facie demonstration that the drug subject to such re-quest has a verifiable history of being marketed and safely used by consumers in the United States as a nonprescription drug under com-parable conditions of use; ‘‘(ii) if the drug has not been previously mar-keted in the United States as a nonprescription drug, information sufficient for a prima facie demonstration that the drug was marketed and safely used under comparable conditions of mar-keting and use in a country listed in section 802(b)(1)(A) or designated by the Secretary in accordance with section 802(b)(1)(B)— ‘‘(I) for such period of time as needed to pro-vide reasonable assurances concerning the safe nonprescription use of the drug; and ‘‘(II) during such time was subject to suffi-cient monitoring by a regulatory body consid-ered acceptable by the Secretary for such moni-toring purposes, including for adverse events as-sociated with nonprescription use of the drug; or ‘‘(iii) if the Secretary determines that informa-tion described in clauses (i) or (ii) is not needed to provide a prima facie demonstration that the drug can be safely marketed and used as a non-prescription drug, such other information the Secretary determines is sufficient for such pur-poses. ‘‘(D) M
ARKETING PURSUANT TO NEW DRUG AP -
PLICATION .—In the case of a request described in subparagraph (A)(ii), the drug subject to such request may be re-submitted for filing only if— ‘‘(i) the drug is marketed as a nonprescription drug, under conditions of use comparable to the conditions specified in the request, for such pe-riod of time as the Secretary determines appro-priate (not to exceed five consecutive years) pur-suant to an application approved under section 505; and ‘‘(ii) during such time period, one million re-tail packages of the drug, or an equivalent quantity as determined by the Secretary, were distributed for retail sale, as determined in such manner as the Secretary finds appropriate. ‘‘(E) R
ULE OF APPLICATION .—Except in the case of a request involving a drug described in section 586(9), as in effect on January 1, 2017, if the Secretary refuses to file a request under this paragraph, the requestor may not file such re-quest over protest under paragraph (5)(A)(iii). ‘‘(7) P
ACKAGING .—An administrative order issued under paragraph (2), (4)(A), or (5) may include requirements for the packaging of a drug to encourage use in accordance with label-ing. Such requirements may include unit dose packaging, requirements for products intended for use by children, requirements to reduce risk of harm from unsupervised ingestion, and other appropriate requirements. This paragraph does not authorize the Food and Drug Administra-tion to require standards or testing procedures as described in part 1700 of title 16, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. ‘‘(8) FINAL AND TENTATIVE FINAL MONOGRAPHS  
FOR CATEGORY I DRUGS DEEMED FINAL ADMINIS -
TRATIVE ORDERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A final monograph or ten-tative final monograph described in subpara-graph (B) shall be deemed to be a final adminis-trative order under this subsection and may be amended, revoked, or otherwise modified in ac-cordance with the procedures of this subsection. ‘‘(B) M
ONOGRAPHS DESCRIBED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), a final monograph or ten-tative final monograph is described in this sub-paragraph if it— ‘‘(i) establishes conditions of use for a drug described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a); and ‘‘(ii) represents the most recently promulgated version of such conditions, including as modi-fied, in whole or in part, by any proposed or final rule. ‘‘(C) D
EEMED ORDERS INCLUDE HARMONIZING  
TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—The deemed estab-lishment of a final administrative order under subparagraph (A) shall be construed to include any technical amendments to such order as the Secretary determines necessary to ensure that such order is appropriately harmonized, in terms of terminology or cross-references, with the applicable provisions of this Act (and regu-lations thereunder) and any other orders issued under this section. ‘‘(c) P
ROCEDURE FOR MINOR CHANGES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Minor changes in the dos-age form of a drug that is described in para-graph (1) or (2) of subsection (a) or the subject of an order issued under subsection (b) may be made by a requestor without the issuance of an order under subsection (b) if— ‘‘(A) the requestor maintains such information as is necessary to demonstrate that the change— ‘‘(i) will not affect the safety or effectiveness of the drug; and ‘‘(ii) will not materially affect the extent of absorption or other exposure to the active ingre-dient in comparison to a suitable reference prod-uct; and ‘‘(B) the change is in conformity with the re-quirements of an applicable administrative order issued by the Secretary under paragraph (3). ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) A
CCESS TO RECORDS .—A sponsor shall submit records requested by the Secretary relat-ing to such a minor change under section 704(a)(4), within 15 business days of receiving such a request, or such longer period as the Sec-retary may provide. ‘‘(B) I
NSUFFICIENT INFORMATION .—If the Sec-retary determines that the information con-tained in such records is not sufficient to dem-onstrate that the change does not affect the safety or effectiveness of the drug or materially affect the extent of absorption or other exposure to the active ingredient, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) may so inform the sponsor of the drug in writing; and ‘‘(ii) provide the sponsor of the drug with a reasonable opportunity to provide additional in-formation. ‘‘(C) F
AILURE TO SUBMIT SUFFICIENT INFORMA -
TION.—If the sponsor fails to provide such addi-tional information within the prescribed time, or if the Secretary determines that such additional information does not demonstrate that the change does not affect the safety or effective-ness of the drug or materially affect the extent of absorption or other exposure to the active in-gredient, the drug as modified is a new drug 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.035 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6231 July 16, 2018 
within the meaning of section 201(p) and shall be deemed to be misbranded under section 502(ee). ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINING WHETHER A CHANGE WILL  
AFFECT SAFETY OR EFFECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue one or more administrative orders specifying re-quirements for determining whether a minor change made by a sponsor pursuant to this sub-section will affect the safety or effectiveness of a drug or materially affect the extent of absorp-tion or other exposure to an active ingredient in the drug in comparison to a suitable reference product, together with guidance for applying those orders to specific dosage forms. ‘‘(B) S
TANDARD PRACTICES .—The orders and guidance issued by the Secretary under sub-paragraph (A) shall take into account relevant public standards and standard practices for evaluating the quality of drugs, and may take into account the special needs of populations, including children. ‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION SUB-
MITTED TO THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), any information, including reports of testing conducted on the drug or drugs involved, that is submitted by a requestor in connection with pro-ceedings on an order under this section (includ-ing any minor change under subsection (c)) and is a trade secret or confidential information sub-ject to section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code, or section 1905 of title 18, United States Code, shall not be disclosed to the public unless the requestor consents to that disclosure. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) make any information submitted by a re-questor in support of a request under subsection (b)(5)(A) available to the public not later than the date on which the proposed order is issued; and ‘‘(ii) make any information submitted by any other person with respect to an order requested (or initiated by the Secretary) under subsection (b), available to the public upon such submis-sion. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS ON PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .— Information described in subparagraph (A) shall not be made public if— ‘‘(i) the information pertains to pharma-ceutical quality information, unless such infor-mation is necessary to establish standards under which a drug is generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1); ‘‘(ii) the information is submitted in a re-questor-initiated request, but the requestor withdraws such request, in accordance with withdrawal procedures established by the Sec-retary, before the Secretary issues the proposed order; ‘‘(iii) the Secretary requests and obtains the information under subsection (c) and such in-formation is not submitted in relation to an order under subsection (b); or ‘‘(iv) the information is of the type contained in raw datasets. ‘‘(e) U
PDATES TO DRUG LISTING INFORMA -
TION.—A sponsor who makes a change to a drug subject to this section shall submit updated drug listing information for the drug in accordance with section 510(j) within 30 calendar days of the date when the drug is first commercially marketed, except that a sponsor who was the order requestor with respect to an order subject to subsection (b)(5)(C) (or a licensee, assignee, or successor in interest of such requestor) shall submit updated drug listing information on or before the date when the drug is first commer-cially marketed. ‘‘(f) A
PPROVALS UNDER SECTION 505.—The provisions of this section shall not be construed to preclude a person from seeking or maintain-ing the approval of a drug under sections 505(b)(1), 505(b)(2), and 505(j). A determination under this section that a drug is not subject to section 503(b)(1), is generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1), and is not a new drug under section 201(p) shall constitute a finding that the drug is safe and effective that may be relied upon for purposes of an application under section 505(b)(2), so that the applicant shall be required to submit for purposes of such application only information needed to support any modification of the drug that is not covered by such deter-mination under this section. ‘‘(g) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF ADMINISTRATIVE  O
RDERS .—The Secretary shall establish, main-tain, update (as determined necessary by the Secretary but no less frequently than annually), and make publicly available, with respect to or-ders issued under this section— ‘‘(1) a repository of each final order and in-terim final order in effect, including the com-plete text of the order; and ‘‘(2) a listing of all orders proposed and under development under subsection (b)(2), includ-ing— ‘‘(A) a brief description of each such order; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary’s expectations, if resources permit, for issuance of proposed orders over a three-year period. ‘‘(h) D
EVELOPMENT ADVICE TO SPONSORS OR  R
EQUESTORS .—The Secretary shall establish procedures under which sponsors or requestors may meet with appropriate officials of the Food and Drug Administration to obtain advice on the studies and other information necessary to support submissions under this section and other matters relevant to the regulation of non-prescription drugs and the development of new nonprescription drugs under this section. ‘‘(i) P
ARTICIPATION OF MULTIPLE SPONSORS OR  R
EQUESTORS .—The Secretary shall establish procedures to facilitate efficient participation by multiple sponsors or requestors in proceedings under this section, including provision for joint meetings with multiple sponsors or requestors or with organizations nominated by sponsors or re-questors to represent their interests in a pro-ceeding. ‘‘(j) E
LECTRONIC FORMAT .—All submissions under this section shall be in electronic format. ‘‘(k) E
FFECT ON EXISTING REGULATIONS GOV-
ERNING NONPRESCRIPTION DRUGS.— ‘‘(1) R
EGULATIONS OF GENERAL APPLICABILITY  
TO NONPRESCRIPTION DRUGS .—Except as pro-vided in this subsection, nothing in this section supersedes regulations establishing general re-quirements for nonprescription drugs, including regulations of general applicability contained in parts 201, 250, and 330 of title 21, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or any successor regulations. The Secretary shall establish or modify such regulations by means of rulemaking in accord-ance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS ESTABLISHING REQUIRE -
MENTS FOR SPECIFIC NONPRESCRIPTION DRUGS .— ‘‘(A) The provisions of section 310.545 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this section, shall be deemed to be a final order under subsection (b). ‘‘(B) Regulations in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this section, estab-lishing requirements for specific nonprescription drugs marketed pursuant to this section (includ-ing such requirements in parts 201 and 250 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations), shall be deemed to be final orders under subsection (b), only as they apply to drugs— ‘‘(i) subject to paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4) of subsection (a); or ‘‘(ii) otherwise subject to an order under this section. ‘‘(3) W
ITHDRAWAL OF REGULATIONS .—The Sec- retary shall withdraw regulations establishing final monographs and the procedures governing the over-the-counter drug review under part 330 and other relevant parts of title 21, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this section), or make technical changes to such regulations to ensure conformity with appropriate terminology and cross references. Notwithstanding sub-chapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, any such withdrawal or technical changes shall be made without public notice and comment and shall be effective upon publication through notice in the Federal Register (or upon such date as specified in such notice). ‘‘(l) GUIDANCE .—The Secretary shall issue guidance that specifies— ‘‘(1) the procedures and principles for formal meetings between the Secretary and sponsors or requestors for drugs subject to this section; ‘‘(2) the format and content of data submis-sions to the Secretary under this section; ‘‘(3) the format of electronic submissions to the Secretary under this section; ‘‘(4) consolidated proceedings and the proce-dures for such proceedings where appropriate; and ‘‘(5) for minor changes in drugs, recommenda-tions on how to comply with the requirements in orders issued under subsection (c)(3). ‘‘(m) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—This section shall not affect the treatment or status of a nonprescription drug— ‘‘(A) that is marketed without an application approved under section 505 as of the date of the enactment of this section; ‘‘(B) that is not subject to an order issued under this section; and ‘‘(C) to which paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), or (5) of subsection (a) do not apply. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF PRODUCTS PREVIOUSLY  
FOUND TO BE SUBJECT TO TIME AND EXTENT RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) Notwithstanding subsection (a), a drug described in subparagraph (B) may only be law-fully marketed, without an application ap-proved under section 505, pursuant to an order issued under this section. ‘‘(B) A drug described in this subparagraph is a drug which, prior to the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary had determined in a proposed or final rule to be ineligible for re-view under the OTC drug review (as such phrase ‘OTC drug review’ was used in section 330.14 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this section). ‘‘(3) P
RESERVATION OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be con-strued to preclude or limit the applicability of any other provision of this Act. ‘‘(B) Nothing in subsection (a) shall be con-strued to prohibit the Secretary from issuing an order under this section finding a drug to be not generally recognized as safe and effective within the meaning of section 201(p)(1), as the Sec-retary determines appropriate. ‘‘(n) I
NVESTIGATIONAL NEWDRUGS.—A drug is not subject to this section if an exemption for in-vestigational use under section 505(i) is in effect for such drug. ‘‘(o) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF PAPERWORK REDUC -
TION ACT.—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply to collections of informa-tion made under this section. ‘‘(p) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF NOTICE AND COM-
MENT RULEMAKING AND OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The requirements of subsection (b) shall apply with respect to orders issued under this section instead of the requirements of sub-chapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(q) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘nonprescription drug’ refers to a drug not subject to the requirements of section 503(b)(1). ‘‘(2) The term ‘sponsor’ refers to any person marketing, manufacturing, or processing a drug that— ‘‘(A) is listed pursuant to section 510(j); and ‘‘(B) is or will be subject to an administrative order of the Food and Drug Administration. ‘‘(3) The term ‘requestor’ refers to any person or group of persons marketing, manufacturing, processing, or developing a drug.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.035 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6232 July 16, 2018 
SEC. 102. MISBRANDING. 
Section 502 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 352) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(ee) If it is a nonprescription drug that is subject to section 505G, is not the subject of an application approved under section 505, and does not comply with the requirements under section 505G. ‘‘(ff) If it is a drug and it was manufactured, prepared, propagated, compounded, or processed in a facility for which fees have not been paid as required by section 744O.’’. 
SEC. 103. DRUGS EXCLUDED FROM THE OVER- THE-COUNTER DRUG REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act (or the amendments made by this Act) shall apply to any nonprescription drug which was excluded by the Food and Drug Administration from the Over-the-Counter Drug Review in accordance with the statement set out at page 9466 of vol-ume 37 of the Federal Register, published on May 11, 1972. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preclude or limit the applicability of any other provision of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.). 
SEC. 104. TREATMENT OF SUNSCREEN INNOVA-TION ACT. 
(a) R EVIEW OF NONPRESCRIPTION SUNSCREEN  A
CTIVE INGREDIENTS .— (1) A
PPLICABILITY OF SECTION 505G FOR PEND -
ING SUBMISSIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A sponsor of a nonprescrip-tion sunscreen active ingredient or combination of nonprescription sunscreen active ingredients that, as of the date of enactment of this Act, is subject to a proposed sunscreen order under sec-tion 586C of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–3) may elect, by means of giving written notification to the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services within 180 calendar days of the enactment of this Act, to transition into the review of such ingredient or combination of ingredients pursuant to the proc-ess set out in section 505G of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 101 of this Act. (B) E
LECTION EXERCISED .—Upon receipt by the Secretary of Health and Human Services of a timely notification under subparagraph (A)— (i) the proposed sunscreen order involved is deemed to be a request for an order under sub-section (b) of section 505G of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 101 of this Act; and (ii) such order is deemed to have been accept-ed for filing under subsection (b)(6)(A)(i) of such section 505G. (C) E
LECTION NOT EXERCISED .—A sponsor of a nonprescription sunscreen active ingredient or combination of nonprescription sunscreen active ingredients described in subparagraph (A) that does not elect for such ingredient or combina-tion of ingredients to be reviewed under section 505G of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 101 of this Act, shall continue to have such ingredient or combination of ingredients reviewed in accordance with sec-tion 586C of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–3) and may not sub-sequently elect to transition into the review of such ingredient or combination of ingredients pursuant to the process set out in section 505G of such Act, as added by section 101 of this Act. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘‘sponsor’’, ‘‘nonprescription’’, ‘‘sunscreen ac-tive ingredient’’, and ‘‘proposed sunscreen order’’ have the meanings given to those terms in section 586 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff). (b) A
MENDMENTS TO SUNSCREEN PROVISIONS .— (1) F
INAL SUNSCREEN ORDERS .—Paragraph (3) of section 586C(e) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–3(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) RELATIONSHIP TO ORDERS UNDER SECTION  
505G.—A final sunscreen order shall be deemed to be a final order under section 505G.’’. (2) M
EETINGS .—Paragraph (7) of section 586C(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–3(b)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘A sponsor may request’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A sponsor may request’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ONFIDENTIAL MEETINGS .—A sponsor may request one or more confidential meetings with respect to a proposed sunscreen order, in-cluding a letter deemed to be a proposed sun-screen order under paragraph (3), to discuss matters involving confidential commercial infor-mation or trade secrets. The Secretary shall con-vene a confidential meeting with such sponsor in a reasonable time period. If a sponsor re-quests more than one confidential meeting for the same proposed sunscreen order, the Sec-retary may refuse to grant an additional con-fidential meeting request if the Secretary deter-mines that such additional confidential meeting is not reasonably necessary for the sponsor to advance its proposed sunscreen order, or if the request for a confidential meeting fails to in-clude sufficient information upon which to base a substantive discussion. The Secretary shall publish a post-meeting summary of each con-fidential meeting under this subparagraph that does not disclose confidential commercial infor-mation or trade secrets.’’. (3) S
UNSET PROVISION .—Subchapter I of chap-ter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 586H. SUNSET. 
‘‘This subchapter shall cease to be effective at the end of fiscal year 2022.’’. (4) T
REATMENT OF FINAL SUNSCREEN ORDER .— The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by striking section 586E of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–5). (c) T
REATMENT OF NON-SUNSCREEN TIME AND  E
XTENT APPLICATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any application described in section 586F of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–6) that was sub-mitted to the Secretary of Health and Human Services pursuant to section 330.14 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as such provisions were in effect immediately prior to the date of enactment date of this Act, shall be extin-guished as of such date of enactment, subject to paragraph (2). (2) O
RDER REQUEST .—Nothing in paragraph (1) precludes the submission of an order request under section 505G(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 101 of this Act, with respect to a drug that was the subject of an application extinguished under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 105. ANNUAL UPDATE TO CONGRESS ON AP-PROPRIATE PEDIATRIC INDICATION FOR CERTAIN OTC COUGH AND COLD DRUGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, beginning not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, annually submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a letter describing the progress of the Food and Drug Administration— (1) in evaluating the cough and cold mono-graph described in subsection (b) with respect to children under age 6; and (2) as appropriate, revising such cough and cold monograph to address such children through the order process under section 505G(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 101 of this Act. (b) C
OUGH AND COLD MONOGRAPH DE-
SCRIBED .—The cough and cold monograph de-scribed in this subsection consists of the condi-tions under which nonprescription drugs con-taining antitussive, expectorant, nasal decon-gestant, or antihistamine active ingredients (or combinations thereof) are generally recognized as safe and effective, as specified in part 341 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (as in ef-fect immediately prior to the date of enactment of this Act), and included in an order deemed to be established under section 505G(b) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 101 of this Act. (c) DURATION OF AUTHORITY .—The require-ment under subsection (a) shall terminate as of the date of a letter submitted by the Secretary of Health and Human Services pursuant to such subsection in which the Secretary indicates that the Food and Drug Administration has com-pleted its evaluation and revised, in a final order, as applicable, the cough and cold mono-graph as described in subsection (a)(2). TITLE II—USER FEES 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE; FINDING. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Over-the-Counter Monograph User Fee Act of 2018’’. (b) F
INDING .—The Congress finds that the fees authorized by the amendments made in this title will be dedicated to OTC monograph drug ac-tivities, as set forth in the goals identified for purposes of part 10 of subchapter C of chapter VII of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, in the letters from the Secretary of Health and Human Services to the Chairman of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, as set forth in the Congressional Record. 
SEC. 202. FEES RELATING TO OVER-THE- COUNTER DRUGS. 
Subchapter C of chapter VII of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379f et seq.) is amended by inserting after part 9 the following: ‘‘PART 10—FEES RELATING TO OVER-THE- COUNTER DRUGS 
‘‘SEC. 744N. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) The term ‘affiliate’ means a business enti-ty that has a relationship with a second busi-ness entity if, directly or indirectly— ‘‘(A) one business entity controls, or has the power to control, the other business entity; or ‘‘(B) a third party controls, or has power to control, both of the business entities. ‘‘(2) The term ‘contract manufacturing orga-nization facility’ means an OTC monograph drug facility where neither the owner of such manufacturing facility nor any affiliate of such owner or facility sells the OTC monograph drug produced at such facility directly to whole-salers, retailers, or consumers in the United States. ‘‘(3) The term ‘costs of resources allocated for OTC monograph drug activities’ means the ex-penses in connection with OTC monograph drug activities for— ‘‘(A) officers and employees of the Food and Drug Administration, contractors of the Food and Drug Administration, advisory committees, and costs related to such officers, employees, and committees and costs related to contracts with such contractors; ‘‘(B) management of information, and the ac-quisition, maintenance, and repair of computer resources; ‘‘(C) leasing, maintenance, renovation, and repair of facilities and acquisition, mainte-nance, and repair of fixtures, furniture, sci-entific equipment, and other necessary materials and supplies; and ‘‘(D) collecting fees under section 744O and accounting for resources allocated for OTC monograph drug activities. ‘‘(4) The term ‘FDA establishment identifier’ is the unique number automatically generated by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.035 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6233 July 16, 2018 
Food and Drug Administration’s Field Accom-plishments and Compliance Tracking System (FACTS) (or any successor system). ‘‘(5) The term ‘OTC monograph drug’ means a nonprescription drug without an approved new drug application which is governed by the pro-visions of section 505G. ‘‘(6) The term ‘OTC monograph drug activi-ties’ means activities of the Secretary associated with OTC monograph drugs and inspection of facilities associated with such products, includ-ing the following activities: ‘‘(A) The activities necessary for review and evaluation of OTC monographs and OTC mono-graph order requests, including— ‘‘(i) orders proposing or finalizing applicable conditions of use for OTC monograph drugs; ‘‘(ii) orders affecting status regarding general recognition of safety and effectiveness of an OTC monograph ingredient or combination of ingredients under specified conditions of use; ‘‘(iii) all OTC monograph drug development and review activities, including intraagency col-laboration; ‘‘(iv) regulation and policy development ac-tivities related to OTC monograph drugs; ‘‘(v) development of product standards for products subject to review and evaluation; ‘‘(vi) meetings referred to in section 505G(i); ‘‘(vii) review of labeling prior to issuance of orders related to OTC monograph drugs or con-ditions of use; and ‘‘(viii) regulatory science activities related to OTC monograph drugs. ‘‘(B) Inspections related to OTC monograph drugs. ‘‘(C) Monitoring of clinical and other research conducted in connection with OTC monograph drugs. ‘‘(D) Safety activities with respect to OTC monograph drugs, including— ‘‘(i) collecting, developing, and reviewing safety information on OTC monograph drugs, including adverse event reports; ‘‘(ii) developing and using improved adverse event data-collection systems, including infor-mation technology systems; and ‘‘(iii) developing and using improved analyt-ical tools to assess potential safety risks, includ-ing access to external databases. ‘‘(E) Other activities necessary for implemen-tation of section 505G. ‘‘(7) The term ‘OTC monograph order request’ means a request for an order submitted under section 505G(b)(5). ‘‘(8) The term ‘Tier 1 OTC monograph order request’ means any OTC monograph order re-quest not determined to be a Tier 2 OTC mono-graph order request. ‘‘(9)(A) The term ‘Tier 2 OTC monograph order request’ means, subject to subparagraph (B), an OTC monograph order request for— ‘‘(i) the reordering of existing information in the drug facts label of an OTC monograph drug; ‘‘(ii) the addition of information to the other information section of the drug facts label of an OTC monograph drug, as limited by section 201.66(c)(7) of title 21, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor regulations); ‘‘(iii) modification to the directions for use section of the drug facts label of an OTC mono-graph drug, if such changes conform to changes made pursuant to section 505G(c)(3)(A); ‘‘(iv) the standardization of the concentration or dose of a specific finalized ingredient within a particular finalized monograph; ‘‘(v) a change to ingredient nomenclature to align with nomenclature of a standards-setting organization; or ‘‘(vi) addition of an interchangeable term in accordance with section 330.1 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regula-tions). ‘‘(B) The Secretary may, based on program implementation experience or other factors found appropriate by the Secretary, charac-terize any OTC monograph order request as a Tier 2 OTC monograph order request (including recharacterizing a request from Tier 1 to Tier 2) and publish such determination in a proposed order issued pursuant to section 505G. ‘‘(10)(A) The term ‘OTC monograph drug fa-cility’ means a foreign or domestic business or other entity that— ‘‘(i) is— ‘‘(I) under one management, either direct or indirect; and ‘‘(II) at one geographic location or address en-gaged in manufacturing or processing the fin-ished dosage form of an OTC monograph drug; ‘‘(ii) includes a finished dosage form manufac-turer facility in a contractual relationship with the sponsor of one or more OTC monograph drugs to manufacture or process such drugs; and ‘‘(iii) does not include a business or other en-tity whose only manufacturing or processing ac-tivities are one or more of the following: produc-tion of clinical research supplies, or testing. ‘‘(B) For purposes of subparagraph (A)(i)(II), separate buildings or locations within close proximity are considered to be at one geographic location or address if the activities conducted in such buildings or locations are— ‘‘(i) closely related to the same business enter-prise; ‘‘(ii) under the supervision of the same local management; and ‘‘(iii) under a single FDA establishment iden-tifier and capable of being inspected by the Food and Drug Administration during a single inspection. ‘‘(C) If a business or other entity would meet criteria specified in subparagraph (A), but for being under multiple management, the business or other entity is deemed to constitute multiple facilities, one per management entity, for pur-poses of this paragraph. ‘‘(11) The term ‘OTC monograph drug meet-ing’ means any meeting regarding the content of a proposed OTC monograph order request. ‘‘(12) The term ‘person’ includes an affiliate of a person. ‘‘(13) The terms ‘requestor’ and ‘sponsor’ have the meanings given such terms in section 505G. 
‘‘SEC. 744O. AUTHORITY TO ASSESS AND USE OTC MONOGRAPH FEES. 
‘‘(a) T YPES OF FEES.—Beginning with fiscal year 2019, the Secretary shall assess and collect fees in accordance with this section as follows: ‘‘(1) F
ACILITY FEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each person that owns a facility identified as an OTC monograph drug facility on December 31 of the fiscal year or at any time during the preceding 12-month period shall be assessed an annual fee for each such facility as determined under subsection (c). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) A fee shall not be assessed under subpara-graph (A) if the identified OTC monograph drug facility has ceased all activities related to OTC monograph drugs prior to the date specified in subparagraph (D)(ii) and has updated its reg-istration to reflect such change under the re-quirements for drug establishment registration set forth in section 510. ‘‘(ii) The amount of the fee for a contract manufacturing organization facility shall be equal to 
2⁄3the amount of the fee for an OTC monograph drug facility that is not a contract manufacturing organization facility. ‘‘(C) A
MOUNT .—The amount of fees estab-lished under subparagraph (A) shall be estab-lished under subsection (c). ‘‘(D) D
UE DATE .— ‘‘(i) F
OR FIRST PROGRAM YEAR .—For fiscal year 2019, the facility fees required under sub-paragraph (A) shall be due 45 calendar days after publication of the Federal Register notice provided for under subsection (c)(4)(A). ‘‘(ii) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—For each fis-cal year after fiscal year 2019, the facility fees required under subparagraph (A) shall be due on the later of— ‘‘(I) the first business day of June of such year; or ‘‘(II) the first business day after the enact-ment of an appropriations Act providing for the collection and obligation of fees under this sec-tion for such year. ‘‘(2) OTC MONOGRAPH ORDER REQUEST FEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each person that submits an OTC monograph order request shall be sub-ject to a fee for an OTC monograph order re-quest. The amount of such fee shall be— ‘‘(i) for a Tier 1 OTC monograph order re-quest, $500,000, adjusted for inflation for the fis-cal year (as determined under subsection (c)(1)(B)); and ‘‘(ii) for a Tier 2 OTC monograph order re-quest, $100,000 adjusted for inflation for the fis-cal year (as determined under subsection (c)(1)(B)). ‘‘(B) D
UE DATE .—The OTC monograph order request fees required under subparagraph (A) shall be due on the date of submission of the OTC monograph order request. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN SAFETY  
CHANGES .—A person who is named as the re-questor in an OTC monograph order shall not be subject to a fee under subparagraph (A) if the Secretary finds that the OTC monograph order request seeks to change the drug facts labeling of an OTC monograph drug in a way that would add to or strengthen— ‘‘(i) a contraindication, warning, or pre-caution; ‘‘(ii) a statement about risk associated with misuse or abuse; or ‘‘(iii) an instruction about dosage and admin-istration that is intended to increase the safe use of the OTC monograph drug. ‘‘(D) R
EFUND OF FEE IF ORDER REQUEST IS RE -
CATEGORIZED AS A TIER 2 OTC MONOGRAPH ORDER  
REQUEST .—If the Secretary determines that an OTC monograph request initially characterized as Tier 1 shall be re-characterized as a Tier 2 OTC monograph order request, and the re-questor has paid a Tier 1 fee in accordance with subparagraph (A)(i), the Secretary shall refund the requestor the difference between the Tier 1 and Tier 2 fees determined under subparagraphs (A)(i) and (A)(ii), respectively. ‘‘(E) R
EFUND OF FEE IF ORDER REQUEST RE -
FUSED FOR FILING OR WITHDRAWN BEFORE FIL -
ING.—The Secretary shall refund 75 percent of the fee paid under subparagraph (B) for any order request which is refused for filing or was withdrawn before being accepted or refused for filing. ‘‘(F) F
EES FOR ORDER REQUESTS PREVIOUSLY  
REFUSED FOR FILING OR WITHDRAWN BEFORE FIL -
ING.—An OTC monograph order request that was submitted but was refused for filing, or was withdrawn before being accepted or refused for filing, shall be subject to the full fee under sub-paragraph (A) upon being resubmitted or filed over protest. ‘‘(G) R
EFUND OF FEE IF ORDER REQUEST WITH -
DRAWN .—If an order request is withdrawn after the order request was filed, the Secretary may refund the fee or a portion of the fee if no sub-stantial work was performed on the order re-quest after the application was filed. The Sec-retary shall have the sole discretion to refund a fee or a portion of the fee under this subpara-graph. A determination by the Secretary con-cerning a refund under this subparagraph shall not be reviewable. ‘‘(3) R
EFUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Other than refunds pro-vided in subparagraphs (D) through (G) of paragraph (2), the Secretary shall not refund any fee paid under paragraph (1) except as pro-vided in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) D
ISPUTES CONCERNING FEES .—To qualify for the return of a fee claimed to have been paid in error under paragraph (1) or (2), a person shall submit to the Secretary a written request justifying such return within 180 calendar days after such fee was paid. ‘‘(4) N
OTICE .—Within the timeframe specified in subsection (c), the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register the amount of the fees under paragraph (1) for such fiscal year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.035 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6234 July 16, 2018 
‘‘(b) F EEREVENUE AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 .—For fiscal year 2019, fees under subsection (a)(1) shall be established to generate a total facility fee revenue amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) the annual base revenue for fiscal year 2019 (as determined under paragraph (3); ‘‘(B) the dollar amount equal to the operating reserve adjustment for the fiscal year, if appli-cable (as determined under subsection (c)(2)); and ‘‘(C) additional direct cost adjustments (as de-termined under subsection (c)(3)). ‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—For each of the fiscal years 2020 through 2023, fees under subsection (a)(1) shall be established to generate a total facility fee revenue amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) the annual base revenue for the fiscal year (as determined under paragraph (3)); ‘‘(B) the dollar amount equal to the inflation adjustment for the fiscal year (as determined under subsection (c)(1)); ‘‘(C) the dollar amount equal to the operating reserve adjustment for the fiscal year, if appli-cable (as determined under subsection (c)(2)); ‘‘(D) additional direct cost adjustments (as de-termined under subsection (c)(3)); and ‘‘(E) additional dollar amounts for each fiscal year as follows: ‘‘(i) $7,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(ii) $6,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(iii) $7,000,000 for fiscal year 2022. ‘‘(iv) $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2023. ‘‘(3) A
NNUAL BASE REVENUE .—For purposes of paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A), the dollar amount of the annual base revenue for a fiscal year shall be— ‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2019, $8,000,000; and ‘‘(B) for fiscal years 2020 through 2023, the dollar amount of the total revenue amount es-tablished under this subsection for the previous fiscal year, not including any adjustments made under subsection (c)(2) or (c)(3). ‘‘(c) A
DJUSTMENTS ; ANNUAL FEESETTING .— ‘‘(1) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection (b)(2)(B), the dollar amount of the inflation ad-justment to the annual base revenue for fiscal year 2020 and each subsequent fiscal year shall be equal to the product of— ‘‘(i) such annual base revenue for the fiscal year under subsection (b)(2); and ‘‘(ii) the inflation adjustment percentage under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) OTC 
MONOGRAPH ORDER REQUEST FEES .— For purposes of subsection (a)(2), the dollar amount of the inflation adjustment to the fee for OTC monograph order requests for fiscal year 2020 and each subsequent fiscal year shall be equal to the product of— ‘‘(i) the applicable fee under subsection (a)(2) for the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) the inflation adjustment percentage under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT PERCENTAGE .— The inflation adjustment percentage under this subparagraph for a fiscal year is equal to— ‘‘(i) for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021, the average annual percent change that occurred in the Consumer Price Index for urban consumers (Washington-Baltimore, DC–MD–VA–WV; Not Seasonally Adjusted; All items; Annual Index) for the first 3 years of the preceding 4 years of available data; and ‘‘(ii) for each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023, the sum of— ‘‘(I) the average annual percent change in the cost, per full-time equivalent position of the Food and Drug Administration, of all personnel compensation and benefits paid with respect to such positions for the first 3 years of the pre-ceding 4 fiscal years, multiplied by the propor-tion of personnel compensation and benefits costs to total costs of OTC monograph drug ac-tivities for the first 3 years of the preceding 4 fiscal years; and ‘‘(II) the average annual percent change that occurred in the Consumer Price Index for urban consumers (Washington-Baltimore, DC–MD– VA–WV; Not Seasonally Adjusted; All items; Annual Index) for the first 3 years of the pre-ceding 4 years of available data multiplied by the proportion of all costs other than personnel compensation and benefits costs to total costs of OTC monograph drug activities for the first 3 years of the preceding 4 fiscal years. ‘‘(2) OPERATING RESERVE ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For fiscal year 2019 and subsequent fiscal years, for purposes of sub-sections (b)(1)(B) and (b)(2)(C), the Secretary may, in addition to adjustments under para-graph (1), further increase the fee revenue and fees if such an adjustment is necessary to pro-vide operating reserves of carryover user fees for OTC monograph drug activities for not more than the number of weeks specified in subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) N
UMBER OF WEEKS .—The number of weeks specified in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) 3 weeks for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(ii) 7 weeks for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(iii) 10 weeks for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(iv) 10 weeks for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(v) 10 weeks for fiscal year 2023. ‘‘(C) D
ECREASE .—If the Secretary has carry-over balances for such process in excess of 10 weeks of the operating reserves referred to in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall decrease the fee revenue and fees referred to in such sub-paragraph to provide for not more than 10 weeks of such operating reserves. ‘‘(D) R
ATIONALE FOR ADJUSTMENT .—If an ad- justment under this paragraph is made, the ra-tionale for the amount of the increase or de-crease (as applicable) in fee revenue and fees shall be contained in the annual Federal Reg-ister notice under paragraph (4) establishing fee revenue and fees for the fiscal year involved. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL DIRECT COST ADJUSTMENT .— The Secretary shall, in addition to adjustments under paragraphs (1) and (2), further increase the fee revenue and fees for purposes of sub-section (b)(2)(D) by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) $14,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(B) $7,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(C) $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(D) $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(E) $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2023. ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL FEE SETTING .— ‘‘(A) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 .—The Secretary shall, not later than January 31, 2019— ‘‘(i) establish OTC monograph drug facility fees for fiscal year 2019 under subsection (a), based on the revenue amount for such year under subsection (b) and the adjustments pro-vided under this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) publish fee revenue, facility fees, and OTC monograph order requests in the Federal Register. ‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—The Sec- retary shall, not later than January 31 of each fiscal year that begins after September 30, 2019, establish for each such fiscal year, based on the revenue amounts under subsection (b) and the adjustments provided under this subsection— ‘‘(i) OTC monograph drug facility fees under subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(ii) OTC monograph order request fees under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(iii) publish such fee revenue amounts, facil-ity fees, and OTC monograph order request fees in the Federal Register. ‘‘(d) I
DENTIFICATION OF FACILITIES .—Each person that owns an OTC monograph drug fa-cility shall submit to the Secretary the informa-tion required under this subsection each year. Such information shall, for each fiscal year— ‘‘(1) be submitted as part of the requirements for drug establishment registration set forth in section 510; and ‘‘(2) include for each such facility, at a min-imum, identification of the facility’s business operation as that of an OTC monograph drug facility. ‘‘(e) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TOPAYFEES.— ‘‘(1) OTC 
MONOGRAPH DRUG FACILITY FEE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Failure to pay the fee under subsection (a)(1) within 20 calendar days of the due date as specified in subparagraph (D) of such subsection shall result in the following: ‘‘(i) The Secretary shall place the facility on a publicly available arrears list. ‘‘(ii) All OTC monograph drugs manufactured in such a facility or containing an ingredient manufactured in such a facility shall be deemed misbranded under section 502(a). ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION OF PENALTIES .—The pen- alties under this paragraph shall apply until the fee established by subsection (a)(1) is paid. ‘‘(2) O
RDER REQUESTS .—An OTC monograph order request submitted by a person subject to fees under subsection (a) shall be considered in-complete and shall not be accepted for filing by the Secretary until all fees owed by such person under this section have been paid. ‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—A person subject to fees under this section shall be considered ineligible for OTC monograph drug meetings until all such fees owed by such person have been paid. ‘‘(f) C
REDITING AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Fees authorized under sub-section (a) shall be collected and available for obligation only to the extent and in the amount provided in advance in appropriations Acts. Such fees are authorized to remain available until expended. Such sums as may be necessary may be transferred from the Food and Drug Ad-ministration salaries and expenses appropria-tion account without fiscal year limitation to such appropriation account for salaries and ex-penses with such fiscal year limitation. The sums transferred shall be available solely for OTC monograph drug activities. ‘‘(2) C
OLLECTIONS AND APPROPRIATION ACTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (C), the fees authorized by this section shall be collected and available in each fiscal year in an amount not to exceed the amount specified in appropriation Acts, or otherwise made available for obligation, for such fiscal year. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF FEES AND LIMITATION .—The fees authorized by this section shall be available to defray increases in the costs of the resources al-located for OTC monograph drug activities (in-cluding increases in such costs for an additional number of full-time equivalent positions in the Department of Health and Human Services to be engaged in such activities), only if the Secretary allocates for such purpose an amount for such fiscal year (excluding amounts from fees col-lected under this section) no less than $12,000,000, multiplied by the adjustment factor applicable to the fiscal year involved under sub-section (c)(1). ‘‘(C) C
OMPLIANCE .—The Secretary shall be considered to have met the requirements of sub-paragraph (B) in any fiscal year if the costs funded by appropriations and allocated for OTC monograph drug activities are not more than 15 percent below the level specified in such sub-paragraph. ‘‘(D) P
ROVISION FOR EARLY PAYMENTS IN SUB -
SEQUENT YEARS .—Payment of fees authorized under this section for a fiscal year (after fiscal year 2019), prior to the due date for such fees, may be accepted by the Secretary in accordance with authority provided in advance in a prior year appropriations Act. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023, there is authorized to be appropriated for fees under this section an amount equal to the total amount of fees assessed for such fiscal year under this section. ‘‘(g) C
OLLECTION OF UNPAID FEES.—In any case where the Secretary does not receive pay-ment of a fee assessed under subsection (a) within 30 calendar days after it is due, such fee shall be treated as a claim of the United States Government subject to subchapter II of chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(h) C
ONSTRUCTION .—This section may not be construed to require that the number of full-time equivalent positions in the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.035 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6235 July 16, 2018 
Health and Human Services, for officers, em-ployers, and advisory committees not engaged in OTC monograph drug activities, be reduced to offset the number of officers, employees, and ad-visory committees so engaged. 
‘‘SEC. 744P. REAUTHORIZATION; REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) P ERFORMANCE REPORT .—Beginning with fiscal year 2019, and not later than 120 calendar days after the end of each fiscal year thereafter for which fees are collected under this part, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report concerning the progress of the Food and Drug Administration in achieving the goals identified in the letters described in section 201(b) of the Over-the-Counter Monograph Safe-ty, Innovation, and Reform Act of 2018 during such fiscal year and the future plans of the Food and Drug Administration for meeting such goals. ‘‘(b) F
ISCAL REPORT .—Not later than 120 cal-endar days after the end of fiscal year 2019 and each subsequent fiscal year for which fees are collected under this part, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report on the implementation of the authority for such fees during such fiscal year and the use, by the Food and Drug Administration, of the fees col-lected for such fiscal year. ‘‘(c) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make the reports required under sub-sections (a) and (b) available to the public on the Internet website of the Food and Drug Ad-ministration. ‘‘(d) R
EAUTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing rec-ommendations to present to the Congress with respect to the goals described in subsection (a), and plans for meeting the goals, for OTC mono-graph drug activities for the first 5 fiscal years after fiscal year 2023, and for the reauthoriza-tion of this part for such fiscal years, the Sec-retary shall consult with— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; ‘‘(C) scientific and academic experts; ‘‘(D) health care professionals; ‘‘(E) representatives of patient and consumer advocacy groups; and ‘‘(F) the regulated industry. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC REVIEW OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— After negotiations with the regulated industry, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) present the recommendations developed under paragraph (1) to the congressional com-mittees specified in such paragraph; ‘‘(B) publish such recommendations in the Federal Register; ‘‘(C) provide for a period of 30 calendar days for the public to provide written comments on such recommendations; ‘‘(D) hold a meeting at which the public may present its views on such recommendations; and ‘‘(E) after consideration of such public views and comments, revise such recommendations as necessary. ‘‘(3) T
RANSMITTAL OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— Not later than January 15, 2023, the Secretary shall transmit to the Congress the revised rec-ommendations under paragraph (2), a summary of the views and comments received under such paragraph, and any changes made to the rec-ommendations in response to such views and comments.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5333, the Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Re-form Act. Over-the-counter medications are widely used to treat common ailments such as colds, headaches, and seasonal allergies. In fact, more than 240 million Americans use OTC products every year and trust these affordable rem-edies to get well and stay well. Despite the success and high utiliza-tion of these medicines, the Food and Drug Administration’s regulatory framework for oversight of OTC prod-ucts, also called the monograph sys-tem, is outdated and incomplete. The system was created more than 45 years ago, yet movement on unfinished items has ground to a halt due to the cum-bersome notice and comment rule-making process. I will give an example that was pointed out in committee that the FDA brought out. The FDA advanced notice proposed rulemaking for this one started on De-cember 4, 1979. Through a process of 20 different procedures they went through, they got to November 19, 1997, almost 18 years later, and what do they do? They reopen the administrative records to consider new data. It is tak-ing too long. That is what this bill would remedy. The lack of modernization makes it impossible for manufacturers to ad-dress safety concerns and offers little incentive to develop new products. H.R. 5333, which I introduced with the Health Subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS); the Health Subcommittee vice chairman, the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ); the Health Sub-committee ranking member, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ), the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. D
EGETTE ); and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ) would provide meaningful and long overdue reform to FDA’s monograph system. The necessary reforms would create a more flexible framework that accounts for advances in science, permits timely updates to safety information and label changes, and creates a workable proc-ess for completing unfinished mono-graphs. By updating the current burdensome process, Congress would also create a pathway to market for new and innova-tive products that greatly benefit our constituents and reduce strain on our healthcare system. Safe, reliable, and affordable OTC drugs allow consumers to treat com-mon ailments at home, usually without visiting a healthcare provider, saving the healthcare system $102 billion an-nually. Our bill would improve regulatory certainty for manufacturers and, over time, we would see additional invest-ment in research and development, leading to new, innovative OTC medi-cines that will continue to save Ameri-cans and our healthcare system money. I thank my colleagues, FDA, and stakeholders for working so closely with me over the last 2 years to ensure that this modernization effort appro-priately addresses and resolves this complex issue. I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-port passage of H.R. 5333 to modernize the broken monograph system, strengthen consumer protection, spur innovation, and increase consumer choice. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5333, the Over-the-Counter Monograph, Safety, Innovation and Re-form Act. I am a proud original cosponsor of this legislation that will strengthen the Food and Drug Administration’s ability to oversee the over-the-counter drug market and establish a user fee program for this market for the first time. H.R. 5333 is legislation that enjoys bi-partisan support and would reform the current monograph system that is re-lied upon by industry to legally market over-the-counter drugs in response to concerns raised by both the FDA and the industry that the current system is outdated and burdensome. Under current law, the safety and ef-fectiveness of over-the-counter drugs is established through conformance with a monograph. Monographs serve as a type of rule book outlining the condi-tions of use for a particular drug ingre-dient, including the dosage form, pa-tient population, labeling and warn-ings, and other requirements. This rule book is established currently through a three-phase rulemaking process and is very resource and time intensive. This process has made it difficult for the FDA to finalize, revise, or update monographs to reflect innovations, changes in science, or to respond to safety issues. We also have heard from the industry that the current process inadvertently discourages innovation, as it is not nimble enough to respond to evolving science and technology. The legislation we are considering today would address these concerns by transitioning the monograph system from rulemaking to administrative order, create a procedure for the FDA to respond to the needs for safety label changes, and establish an innovation pathway. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.035 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6236 July 16, 2018 
These reforms can only be successful if it is also accompanied by stable and reliable funding that more appro-priately represents the growth and science of the over-the-counter indus-try. Today, the over-the-counter mono-graph program oversees more than 100,000 products with a staff of about 30 people and a budget of just over $8 mil-lion. The user fees provided in this bill would help the FDA transition the monograph program from rulemaking to administrative order, provide for ad-ditional staff capacity, and enable the FDA to respond to innovation and safe-ty changes in the current market. I want to thank my colleague from Ohio, Congressman B
OBLATTA , for in-troducing this legislation and for work-ing with me and other members of our committee. I would like to thank the original cosponsors of the bill, Rep-resentative D
IANA DEGETTE , Represent-ative D
EBBIE DINGELL , Chairman M IKE B
URGESS , and Representative B RETT  G
UTHRIE for their dedication and hard work on this important issue. I ask all my colleagues to join me in supporting the Over-the-Counter Mono-graph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), the chairman of the Health Sub-committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of this im-portant, bipartisan bill to modernize the regulation of over-the-counter medicines. An over-the-counter product is one that the Food and Drug Administra-tion has found to be safe and effective for direct consumer use. To date, con-sumers have access to over 300,000 of these nonprescription items. We are all familiar with these products, from cough and cold medicines to anti-perspirants, antacids, and sunscreens. Our pharmacy aisles and medicine cabinets are filled with over-the- counter products that American con-sumers rely on each and every day. These products do not need pre-market approval but are required to be consistent with monographs estab-lished by the Food and Drug Adminis-tration. Making a simple change to ex-isting monographs requires a time-con-suming and resource-intensive rule-making process that can, in fact, take years to effectuate even if the change is to enhance the safety of a product. This creates undue delay in potential benefits seen by consumers and is an inefficient use of public resources. b1815 Fortunately, the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, patient and consumer groups, and the regulated industry all agreed that reform is necessary and have spent the past several years en-gaged in discussions about moderniza-tion of the over-the-counter regulation. Congress worked with these groups to turn these discussions into legislation that we are considering this afternoon. This bill would make the over-the- counter regulatory framework more science based and responsive to public health concerns. It would encourage the development of more innovative products and would provide resources to the Food and Drug Administration to bolster the agency’s ability to re-view over-the-counter applications and regulate this sector in a consistent manner. Quite simply, it is a meaningful bill for each American. I want to thank our Energy and Com-merce Committee Members, Represent-atives LATTA from Ohio, D IANA D
EGETTE from Colorado, B RETT GUTH-
RIEfrom Kentucky, D EBBIE DINGELL  from Michigan, as well as Ranking Member G
REEN , my colleague from Texas, for their leadership in this legis-lation. I also want to recognize the hard work and the dedication of committee staff on this legislation, particularly Warren Burke and Michelle Vanek of the Office of Legislative Counsel; Danielle Steele, with our majority staff; and Kim Trzeciak, with the com-mittee’s Democratic staff. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this bill. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
IN-
GELL ). Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5333, the Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act of 2018, and I want to thank Chairman W
ALDEN and Ranking Member P ALLONE  for bringing this important bill to the floor. The monograph system for regu-lating over-the-counter drugs is bro-ken, plain and simple. Mr. Speaker, 60 percent of all medicines sold in the United States are over the counter, yet the FDA only has 18 full-time employ-ees overseeing the market. It doesn’t work for patients; it doesn’t work for companies; and it doesn’t work for the FDA. Companies cannot bring new, innova-tive products to market and the FDA cannot act quickly when they are faced with a safety risk. This is not reflec-tive of how our healthcare system should be run, and it is putting pa-tients at risk. Our legislation helps bring the agen-cy into the 21st century by creating a user fee program at FDA for OTC drugs and by making it easier to bring a new, innovative product to the market. From past experience, we know that user fee programs have been very suc-cessful at FDA, and this bill extends that successful model to the OTC space. Today, the FDA has to go through the cumbersome rulemaking process to update a monograph, which is problem-atic for many different reasons. Not only does it make it harder for innova-tive products to come to market, but it also makes it nearly impossible for the FDA to amend existing monographs if they see safety concerns in certain products. We need to make sure FDA has the ability to act quickly if they see unsafe products in the market, and our legis-lation makes it easier for the agency to do so. This is why the bill has the sup-port of industry groups and consumer groups. Mr. Speaker, I know that there has been much discussion about the exclu-sivity provisions of this legislation. It has been debated in committee, and we compromised with 18 months of exclu-sivity. I will be the first to admit it is not perfect, but, on balance, the public health benefits of this bill outweigh any concerns about exclusivity. Americans deserve to have the most innovative products on the market available to them, while ensuring the FDA has the resources they need to protect public health. I am proud to say that this legislation accomplishes both these goals. I, too, want to thank my colleagues, BOBLATTA , D IANA DEGETTE , B RETT  G
UTHRIE , GENE GREEN , Dr. B URGESS , Chairman W
ALDEN , and Ranking Mem-ber P
ALLONE for all their hard work on this legislation. Their staffs worked tirelessly as well on this, and I want to thank all of them for their efforts. Passage of this bill represents an-other step towards getting our legisla-tion signed into law this year. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5333. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ), my friend and col-league. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to thank my colleagues for introducing this critical legisla-tion. As it stands, the OTC monograph sys-tem is slow and outdated, leading to new changes being stuck in the pipe-line for years with no light at the end of the tunnel. As a pharmacist, I know how important it is to my patients that they have access to new uses and applications. Regardless of the application needed under a monograph, today’s legislation puts in place changes that will help those who I have spent my life assist-ing: the patient. This legislation establishes a mecha-nism for safety label changes, giving these new efforts an outlet through which to get changes for the public quickly available and on shelves. This critical legislation will shorten market exclusivity by 6 months for certain new over-the-counter products approved without a new drug applica-tion and will also bolster the staffing capability at the FDA overseeing the OTC drug industry. Over-the-counter drug innovation has faced challenges for years, and, with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JULY\H16JY8.REC H16JY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6237 July 16, 2018 
this legislation, we finally have an op-portunity to open up these channels that will help everyone. I voted for this legislation through the subcommittee and through full committee and am proud to offer my full support to pass this legislation. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Colorado (Ms. D
EGETTE ), my colleague and a member of our committee. Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, today we have an opportunity to make long- overdue reforms to the way that the FDA reviews over-the-counter medi-cines. These medicines play a critical role in treating Americans’ ailments and in helping us stay healthy. In fact, almost 7 in 10 parents report giving their kids OTC medicine to help treat sudden medical symptoms. Similarly, 81 percent of adults use these drugs as a first response to treat a minor ail-ment. Think about it. Despite the wide-spread use of over-the-counter medi-cines, the FDA is currently forced to use a cumbersome and laborious mono-graph pathway to approve them. This antiquated, 40-year-old OTC review sys-tem has not kept pace with new med-ical advances and the rapid expansion of this market, which now comprises over 300,000 drugs. As a result, the cur-rent monograph review system fails to respond to the OTC safety issues in a timely and effective way, which can pose serious healthcare risks for chil-dren and families. Between 2004 and 2005, for example, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported 1,500 cases of chil-dren under the age of 2 visiting emer-gency rooms due to serious side effects or overdoses associated with over-the- counter cough and cold products. Since the CDC made this startling finding, the FDA has been trying to re-vise the cough and cold monograph sys-tem to warn parents about the risks that these common drugs can pose to children, but the FDA can’t do it be-cause they have been hamstrung due to the burdensome process it must under-go to revise these monographs. The Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act would streamline the FDA’s review of over-the-counter drugs and provide it with new tools to protect children and warn parents about potentially dan-gerous OTC drugs. I want to add my thanks to the bipar-tisan team that passed this bill, Rep-resentatives L
ATTA , BURGESS , GREEN , G
UTHRIE , and D INGELL for all working together with me on this important legislation, and, in addition, Ranking Member P
ALLONE , Chairman W ALDEN , the FDA, and the many stakeholders that have worked closely with us throughout the process. Mr. Speaker, the bill is a rare triple win for regulators, consumers, and in-dustry. I urge my colleagues’ support. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, once again, I just want to thank all the members for all their hard work on this. Espe-cially, I want to thank the gentleman from Oregon, the chairman of the full committee, for his work on this piece of legislation. Also, I want to thank the staff. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5333, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANIMAL DRUG AND ANIMAL GE-NERIC DRUG USER FEE AMEND-MENTS OF 2018 Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5554) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize user fee programs relating to new ani-mal drugs and generic new animal drugs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5554 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Animal Drug and Animal Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS; REFERENCES IN ACT. 
(a) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents; references in Act. TITLE I—FEES RELATING TO ANIMAL DRUGS Sec. 101. Short title; finding. Sec. 102. Definitions. Sec. 103. Authority to assess and use animal drug fees. Sec. 104. Reauthorization; reporting require-ments. Sec. 105. Savings clause. Sec. 106. Effective date. Sec. 107. Sunset dates. TITLE II—FEES RELATING TO GENERIC ANIMAL DRUGS Sec. 201. Short title; finding. Sec. 202. Authority to assess and use generic new animal drug fees. Sec. 203. Reauthorization; reporting require-ments. Sec. 204. Savings clause. Sec. 205. Effective date. Sec. 206. Sunset dates. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 301. Electronic submissions. Sec. 302. Index of legally marketed unap-proved new animal drugs for minor species. Sec. 303. Misbranded drugs and devices. Sec. 304. Conditional approval of new animal drugs. Sec. 305. Guidance addressing investigation designs. Sec. 306. Food additives intended for use in animal food. (b) REFERENCES IN ACT.—Except as other-wise specified, amendments made by this Act to a section or other provision of law are amendments to such section or other provi-sion of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.). TITLE I—FEES RELATING TO ANIMAL DRUGS 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE; FINDING. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Animal Drug User Fee Amendments of 2018’’. (b) F
INDING .—Congress finds that the fees authorized by the amendments made in this title will be dedicated toward expediting the animal drug development process and the re-view of new and supplemental animal drug applications and investigational animal drug submissions as set forth in the goals identi-fied for purposes of part 4 of subchapter C of chapter VII of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, in the letters from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to the Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Chairman of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate as set forth in the Congressional Record. 
SEC. 102. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 739 (21 U.S.C. 379j–11) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1)(A) The term ‘animal drug application’ means— ‘‘(i) an application for approval of any new animal drug submitted under section 512(b)(1); or ‘‘(ii) an application for conditional ap-proval of a new animal drug submitted under section 571. ‘‘(B) Such term does not include either a new animal drug application submitted under section 512(b)(2) or a supplemental ani-mal drug application.’’; and (2) in paragraph (8), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) The activities necessary for implemen-tation of the United States and European Union Good Manufacturing Practice Mutual Inspection Agreement with respect to animal drug products subject to review, including implementation activities prior to and fol-lowing product approval.’’. 
SEC. 103. AUTHORITY TO ASSESS AND USE ANI-MAL DRUG FEES. 
(a) F EEREVENUE AMOUNTS .—Section 740(b) (21 U.S.C. 379j–12(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$23,600,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,331,240’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘2015 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2020 through 2023’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$21,600,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$29,931,240’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘deter-mined’’ and inserting ‘‘established’’. (b) A
NNUAL FEESETTING ; ADJUSTMENTS .— (1) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 740(c)(2) (21 U.S.C. 379j–12(c)(2)) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘For fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) For fiscal year 2020’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘multiplying such revenue amounts by’’ before ‘‘an amount’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), re-spectively; (C) by striking the flush text at the end; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JULY\H16JY8.REC H16JY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6238 July 16, 2018 
(D) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) C
OMPOUNDED BASIS .—The adjustment made each fiscal year after fiscal year 2020 under this paragraph shall be applied on a compounded basis to the revenue amount calculated under this paragraph for the most recent previous fiscal year.’’. (2) W
ORKLOAD ADJUSTMENTS .—Paragraph (3) of section 740(c) (21 U.S.C. 379j–12(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) W
ORKLOAD ADJUSTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For fiscal year 2020 and subsequent fiscal years, after the fee revenue amounts established under subsection (b) are adjusted for inflation in accordance with paragraph (2), the fee revenue amounts shall be further adjusted for such fiscal year to re-flect changes in the workload of the Sec-retary for the process for the review of ani-mal drug applications, subject to subpara-graphs (B) and (C). With respect to such ad-justment— ‘‘(i) such adjustment shall be determined by the Secretary based on a weighted aver-age of the change in the total number of ani-mal drug applications, supplemental animal drug applications for which data with re-spect to safety or effectiveness are required, manufacturing supplemental animal drug applications, investigational animal drug study submissions, and investigational ani-mal drug protocol submissions submitted to the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register the fees resulting from such adjustment and the supporting methodolo-gies. ‘‘(B) R
EDUCTION OF WORKLOAD -BASED IN -
CREASE BY AMOUNT OF CERTAIN EXCESS COL -
LECTIONS .—For each of fiscal years 2021 through 2023, if application of the workload adjustment under subparagraph (A) increases the fee revenue amounts otherwise estab-lished for the fiscal year under subsection (b), as adjusted for inflation under paragraph (2), such fee revenue increase shall be re-duced by the amount of any excess collec-tions, as described in subsection (g)(4), for the second preceding fiscal year, up to the amount of such fee revenue increase. ‘‘(C) R
ULE OF APPLICATION .—Under no cir-cumstances shall the workload adjustments under this paragraph result in fee revenues for a fiscal year that are less than the fee revenues for that fiscal year established under subsection (b), as adjusted for infla-tion under paragraph (2).’’. (3) F
INAL YEAR ADJUSTMENT .—Section 740(c)(4) (21 U.S.C. 379j–12(c)(4)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. (c) E
XEMPTIONS FROMFEES.—Section 740(d) (21 U.S.C. 379j–12(d)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘; E
XEMPTIONS FROM FEES’’ after ‘‘R EDUC -
TION’’; (2) by striking the heading of paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘W
AIVER OR REDUCTION ’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTIONS FROM FEES .— ‘‘(A) C
ERTAIN LABELING SUPPLEMENTS TO  
ADD NUMBER OF APPROVED APPLICATION .—Fees under this section shall not apply with re-spect to any person who— ‘‘(i) not later than September 30, 2023, sub-mits a supplemental animal drug application relating to a new animal drug application approved under section 512, solely to add the new animal drug application number to the labeling of the drug in the manner specified in section 502(w)(3); and ‘‘(ii) otherwise would be subject to fees under this section solely on the basis of such supplemental application. ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN ANIMAL DRUG APPLICATIONS .— Fees under paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of sub-section (a) shall not apply with respect to any person who is the named applicant or sponsor of an animal drug application, sup-plemental animal drug application, or inves-tigational animal drug submission if such application or submission involves the inten-tional genomic alteration of an animal that is intended to produce a drug, device, or bio-logical product subject to fees under section 736, 738, 744B, or 744H.’’. (d) CREDITING AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES.— (1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 740(g)(3) (21 U.S.C. 379j–12(g)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; (B) by striking ‘‘determined’’ and inserting ‘‘established’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (5)’’. (2) E
XCESS COLLECTIONS .—Section 740(g) (21 U.S.C. 379j–12(g)) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) E
XCESS COLLECTIONS .—If the sum total of fees collected under this section for a fis-cal year exceeds the amount of fees author-ized to be appropriated for such year under paragraph (3), the excess collections shall be credited to the appropriations account of the Food and Drug Administration as provided in paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) R
ECOVERY OF COLLECTION SHORT -
FALLS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(i) for fiscal year 2021, the amount of fees otherwise authorized to be collected under this section shall be increased by the amount, if any, by which the amount col-lected under this section and appropriated for fiscal year 2019 falls below the amount of fees authorized for fiscal year 2019 under paragraph (3); ‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2022, the amount of fees otherwise authorized to be collected under this section shall be increased by the amount, if any, by which the amount col-lected under this section and appropriated for fiscal year 2020 falls below the amount of fees authorized for fiscal year 2020 under paragraph (3); and ‘‘(iii) for fiscal year 2023, the amount of fees otherwise authorized to be collected under this section shall be increased by the cumulative amount, if any, by which the amount collected under this section and ap-propriated for fiscal years 2021 and 2022 (in-cluding estimated collections for fiscal year 2022) falls below the cumulative amount of fees authorized for such fiscal years under paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) R
EDUCTION OF SHORTFALL -BASED FEE  
INCREASE BY PRIOR YEAR EXCESS COLLEC -
TIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the Secretary shall, in such manner as the Sec-retary determines appropriate, reduce any fee increase otherwise applicable for a fiscal year under subparagraph (A) by the amount of any excess collections under this section for preceding fiscal years (after fiscal year 2018). ‘‘(ii) W
ORKLOAD -BASED FEE ACCOUNTING .—In applying clause (i), the Secretary shall ac-count for the reduction of workload-based fee revenue increases by excess collections under subsection (c)(3)(B), in such manner as needed to provide that no portion of any ex-cess collections described in clause (i) is ap-plied for purposes of reducing fee increases under both such subsection (c)(3)(B) and this paragraph. ‘‘(C) R
ULE OF APPLICATION .—Under no cir-cumstances shall adjustments under this paragraph result in fee revenues for a fiscal year that are less than the fee revenues for that fiscal year established in subsection (b), as adjusted or otherwise affected under sub-section (c).’’. SEC. 104. REAUTHORIZATION; REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 740A (21 U.S.C. 379j–13) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; (2) by striking ‘‘2014’’ each place it appears in subsections (a) and (b) and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 105. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Notwithstanding the amendments made by this title, part 4 of subchapter C of chapter VII of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379j–11 et seq.), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this title, shall continue to be in effect with re-spect to animal drug applications and sup-plemental animal drug applications (as de-fined in such part as of such day) that on or after October 1, 2013, but before October 1, 2018, were accepted by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration for filing with respect to assess-ing and collecting any fee required by such part for a fiscal year prior to fiscal year 2019. 
SEC. 106. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this title shall take effect on October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of this Act, whichever is later, except that fees under part 4 of sub-chapter C of chapter VII of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended by this title, shall be assessed for animal drug appli-cations and supplemental animal drug appli-cations received on or after October 1, 2018, regardless of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 107. SUNSET DATES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Section 740 of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379j–12) shall cease to be effective October 1, 2023. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 740A of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 379j–13) shall cease to be effective January 31, 2024. (c) P
REVIOUS SUNSET PROVISION .—Effective October 1, 2018, subsections (a) and (b) of sec-tion 107 of the Animal Drug User Fee Amend-ments of 2013 (Public Law 113–14) are re-pealed. TITLE II—FEES RELATING TO GENERIC ANIMAL DRUGS 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE; FINDING. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Animal Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2018’’. (b) F
INDING .—Congress finds that the fees authorized by the amendments made in this title will be dedicated toward expediting the generic new animal drug development proc-ess and the review of abbreviated applica-tions for generic new animal drugs, supple-mental abbreviated applications for generic new animal drugs, and investigational sub-missions for generic new animal drugs as set forth in the goals identified for purposes of part 5 of subchapter C of chapter VII of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, in the letters from the Secretary of Health and Human Services to the Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Chairman of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate as set forth in the Congressional Record. 
SEC. 202. AUTHORITY TO ASSESS AND USE GE-NERIC NEW ANIMAL DRUG FEES. 
(a) F EEREVENUE AMOUNTS .—Subsection (b) of section 741 (21 U.S.C. 379j–21) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) F
EEREVENUE AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsections (c), (d), (f), and (g), for each of fiscal years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.032 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6239 July 16, 2018 
2019 through 2023, the fees required under subsection (a) shall be established to gen-erate a total revenue amount of $18,336,340. ‘‘(2) T
YPES OF FEES .—Of the total revenue amount established for a fiscal year under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) 25 percent shall be derived from fees under subsection (a)(1) (relating to abbre-viated applications for a generic new animal drug); ‘‘(B) 37.5 percent shall be derived from fees under subsection (a)(2) (relating to generic new animal drug products); and ‘‘(C) 37.5 percent shall be derived from fees under subsection (a)(3) (relating to generic new animal drug sponsors).’’. (b) A
NNUAL FEESETTING ; ADJUSTMENTS .— (1) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 741(c) (21 U.S.C. 379j–21(c)) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), re-spectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For fiscal year 2020 and subsequent fiscal years, the revenue amounts established under subsection (b) shall be ad-justed by the Secretary by notice, published in the Federal Register, for a fiscal year, by multiplying such revenue amounts by an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) one; ‘‘(ii) the average annual percent change in the cost, per full-time equivalent position of the Food and Drug Administration, of all personnel compensation and benefits paid with respect to such positions for the first three of the preceding 4 fiscal years for which data are available, multiplied by the average proportion of personnel compensa-tion and benefits costs to total Food and Drug Administration costs for the first three of the preceding 4 fiscal years for which data are available; and ‘‘(iii) the average annual percent change that occurred in the Consumer Price Index for urban consumers (Washington-Baltimore, DC–MD–VA–WV; not seasonally adjusted; all items less food and energy; annual index) for the first three of the preceding 4 years for which data are available multiplied by the average proportion of all costs other than personnel compensation and benefits costs to total Food and Drug Administration costs for the first three of the preceding 4 fiscal years for which data are available. ‘‘(B) C
OMPOUNDED BASIS .—The adjustment made each fiscal year after fiscal year 2020 under this paragraph shall be applied on a compounded basis to the revenue amount calculated under this paragraph for the most recent previous fiscal year.’’. (2) W
ORKLOAD ADJUSTMENTS .—Paragraph (3) of section 741(c) (21 U.S.C. 379j–21(c)), as redesignated, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) W
ORKLOAD ADJUSTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For fiscal year 2020 and subsequent fiscal years, after the fee revenue amounts established under subsection (b) are adjusted for inflation in accordance with paragraph (2), the fee revenue amounts shall be further adjusted for each such fiscal year to reflect changes in the workload of the Secretary for the process for the review of abbreviated applications for generic new ani-mal drugs, subject to subparagraphs (B) and (C). With respect to such adjustment— ‘‘(i) this adjustment shall be determined by the Secretary based on a weighted average of the change in the total number of abbre-viated applications for generic new animal drugs, manufacturing supplemental abbre-viated applications for generic new animal drugs, investigational generic new animal drug study submissions, and investigational generic new animal drug protocol submis-sions submitted to the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register the fees resulting from this adjustment and the supporting methodolo-gies. ‘‘(B) REDUCTION OF WORKLOAD -BASED IN -
CREASE BY AMOUNT OF CERTAIN EXCESS COL -
LECTIONS .—For each of fiscal years 2021 through 2023, if application of the workload adjustment under subparagraph (A) increases the fee revenue amounts otherwise estab-lished for the fiscal year under subsection (b), as adjusted for inflation under paragraph (2), such fee revenue increase shall be re-duced by the amount of any excess collec-tions, as described in subsection (g)(4), for the second preceding fiscal year, up to the amount of such fee revenue increase. ‘‘(C) R
ULE OF APPLICATION .—Under no cir-cumstances shall workload adjustments under this paragraph result in fee revenues for a fiscal year that are less than the fee revenues for that fiscal year established under subsection (b), as adjusted for infla-tion under paragraph (2).’’. (3) F
INAL YEAR ADJUSTMENT .—Paragraph (4) of section 741(c) (21 U.S.C. 379j–21(c)), as re-designated, is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. (c) F
EEWAIVER OR REDUCTION ; EXEMPTION  F
ROMFEES.—Subsection (d) of section 741 (21 U.S.C. 379j–21) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) F
EEWAIVER OR REDUCTION ; EXEMPTION  F
ROMFEES.— ‘‘(1) F
EE WAIVER OR REDUCTION .—The Sec- retary shall grant a waiver from or a reduc-tion of one or more fees assessed under sub-section (a) where the Secretary finds that the generic new animal drug is intended sole-ly to provide for a minor use or minor spe-cies indication. ‘‘(2) E
XEMPTION FROM FEES .—Fees under this section shall not apply with respect to any person who— ‘‘(A) not later than September 30, 2023, sub-mits a supplemental abbreviated application for a generic new animal drug approved under section 512, solely to add the applica-tion number to the labeling of the drug in the manner specified in section 502(w)(3); and ‘‘(B) otherwise would be subject to fees under this section solely on the basis of such supplemental abbreviated application.’’. (d) C
REDITING AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES.— Section 741(g) (21 U.S.C. 379j–21) is amended by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following paragraphs: ‘‘(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023, there is authorized to be appropriated for fees under this section an amount equal to the total revenue amount established under subsection (b) for the fiscal year, as adjusted or otherwise affected under subsection (c). ‘‘(4) E
XCESS COLLECTIONS .—If the sum total of fees collected under this section for a fis-cal year exceeds the amount of fees author-ized to be appropriated for such year under paragraph (3), the excess collections shall be credited to the appropriations account of the Food and Drug Administration as provided in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 203. REAUTHORIZATION; REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 742 (21 U.S.C. 379j–22) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions’’ and inserting ‘‘the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions’’; (3) by striking ‘‘2014’’ each place it appears in subsections (a) and (b) and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (4) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 204. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Notwithstanding the amendments made by this title, part 5 of subchapter C of chapter VII of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379j–21 et seq.), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this title, shall continue to be in effect with re-spect to abbreviated applications for a ge-neric new animal drug and supplemental ab-breviated applications for a generic new ani-mal drug (as defined in such part as of such day) that on or after October 1, 2013, but be-fore October 1, 2018, were accepted by the Food and Drug Administration for filing with respect to assessing and collecting any fee required by such part for a fiscal year prior to fiscal year 2019. 
SEC. 205. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this title shall take effect on October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of this Act, whichever is later, except that fees under part 5 of sub-chapter C of chapter VII of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended by this title, shall be assessed for abbreviated appli-cations for a generic new animal drug and supplemental abbreviated applications for a generic new animal drug received on or after October 1, 2018, regardless of the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 206. SUNSET DATES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Section 741 of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379j–21) shall cease to be effective October 1, 2023. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 742 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379j–22) shall cease to be effective January 31, 2024. (c) P
REVIOUS SUNSET PROVISION .—Effective October 1, 2018, subsections (a) and (b) of sec-tion 206 of the Animal Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2013 (Public Law 113–14) are repealed. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS. 
(a) N EWANIMAL DRUG APPLICATIONS AND  A
BBREVIATED APPLICATIONS FOR A GENERIC  N
EWANIMAL DRUG.—Section 512(b) (21 U.S.C. 360b(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) Beginning on October 1, 2018, all appli-cations or submissions pursuant to this sub-section shall be submitted by electronic means in such format as the Secretary may require.’’. (b) C
ONDITIONAL APPROVAL OF NEWANIMAL  D
RUGS FOR MINOR USE AND MINOR SPECIES .— Section 571(a) (21 U.S.C. 360ccc(a)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) Beginning on October 1, 2018, all appli-cations or submissions pursuant to this sub-section shall be submitted by electronic means in such format as the Secretary may require.’’. 
SEC. 302. INDEX OF LEGALLY MARKETED UNAP-PROVED NEW ANIMAL DRUGS FOR MINOR SPECIES. 
Effective on October 1, 2018, section 572(h) (21 U.S.C. 360ccc–1(h)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) ‘LEGAL STATUS—In order to be le-gally marketed, a new animal drug intended for a minor species must be Approved, Condi-tionally Approved, or Indexed by the Food and Drug Administration. THIS PRODUCT IS INDEXED—MIF #’ (followed by the appli-cable minor species index file number and a period) ‘Extra-label use is prohibited.’;’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘other ani-mals’’ and inserting ‘‘food-producing ani-mals’’. 
SEC. 303. MISBRANDED DRUGS AND DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 502(w) (21 U.S.C. 352(w)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.032 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6240 July 16, 2018 
(1) in subparagraph (1), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting ‘‘;’’; (2) in subparagraph (2), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) for which an application has been ap-proved under section 512 and the labeling of such drug does not include the application number in the format: ‘Approved by FDA under (A)NADA # xxx–xxx’, except that this subparagraph shall not apply to representa-tive labeling required under section 514.1(b)(3)(v)(b) of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation) for animal feed bearing or containing a new ani-mal drug.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 502(w)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (a), shall apply begin-ning on September 30, 2023. 
SEC. 304. CONDITIONAL APPROVAL OF NEW ANI-MAL DRUGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 571 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
SPECIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ SPECIES AND CER -
TAIN NEW ANIMAL DRUGS ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1)(A) Except as provided in paragraph (3), any person may file with the Secretary an application for conditional approval of— ‘‘(i) a new animal drug intended for a minor use or a minor species; or ‘‘(ii) a new animal drug not intended for a minor use or minor species— ‘‘(I) that is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition or ad-dresses an unmet animal or human health need; and ‘‘(II) for which the Secretary determines that a demonstration of effectiveness would require a complex or particularly difficult study or studies. ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall, not later than September 30, 2019, issue guidance or regula-tions further clarifying the criteria specified in subparagraph (A)(ii). ‘‘(C) An application under this paragraph shall comply in all respects with the provi-sions of section 512 except for subsections (a)(4), (b)(2), (c)(1), (c)(2), (c)(3), (d)(1), (e), (h), and (n) of such section unless otherwise stat-ed in this section, and any additional provi-sions of this section. ‘‘(D) New animal drugs for which condi-tional approval is sought under this section are subject to the same safety standards that would be applied to new animal drugs under section 512(d) (including, for antimicrobial new animal drugs, with respect to anti-microbial resistance).’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, or’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), re-spectively; (iii) by striking ‘‘A person may not file’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) A person may not file’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) A person may not file an application under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) if the application seeks conditional approval of a new animal drug that contains an antimicrobial active ingredient.’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘for the conditionally approved use’’ after ‘‘shall’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘An intended use’’ and in-serting ‘‘The Secretary shall, through regu-lation or guidance, determine under what conditions an intended use’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘shall not’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) SUNSET .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary’s authority to grant conditional approval of new animal drugs not intended for a minor use or minor spe-cies pursuant to subsection (a)(1)(A)(ii) ter-minates on October 1, 2028. ‘‘(2) The Secretary— ‘‘(A) may not accept any new applications for such conditional approval pursuant to subsection (a)(1)(A)(ii) on or after such date; and ‘‘(B) may continue all activities under this section with respect to drugs that were con-ditionally approved pursuant to (a)(1)(A)(ii) prior to such date. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may, until October 1, 2032, accept applications for approval under 512 of drugs conditionally approved pursuant to (a)(1)(A)(ii).’’. (b) E
XCEPTION FROM FEES IN CASE OF CER-
TAIN PREVIOUSLY SUBMITTED APPLICATIONS  
FOR CONDITIONAL APPROVAL .—Section 740(a)(1)(C) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379j–12(a)(1)(C)) is amended— (1) in the caption by striking ‘‘E
XCEPTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘E
XCEPTIONS ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘If an animal drug’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) If an animal drug’’; and (3) by inserting after clause (i), as so des-ignated, the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) Beginning with fiscal year 2019, in the case of an animal drug application submitted by a person under section 512(b)(1), where such person (or their licensor, assignor, or predecessor-in-interest) previously sub-mitted an application for conditional ap-proval under section 571 for the same product and paid the applicable fee under subpara-graph (A), the application under section 512(b)(1) shall not be subject to a fee under subparagraph (A) if submitted within the timeframe specified in section 571(h).’’. (c) R
EPORT ON INCORPORATING VETERINARY  O
VERSIGHT .—Not later than September 30, 2019, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall submit a report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor and Pen-sions of the Senate identifying how the Food and Drug Administration will incorporate veterinary oversight for all approved medi-cally important antimicrobial drugs admin-istered to animals that are not yet subject to veterinary oversight. Such report shall ad-dress requirements related to revisions of la-beling to reflect that medically important antimicrobial drugs administered to animals shall be subject to veterinary oversight. (d) GAO S
TUDY OF CONDITIONAL APPROVAL  P
ROGRAMS .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall conduct a study on the effectiveness and overall im-pact of the conditional approval pathway under section 571 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc). (2) I
SSUANCE OF REPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2026, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report con-taining the results of the study under para-graph (1). (3) C
ONTENTS OF REPORTS .—The report sub-mitted under paragraph (2) shall address— (A) for each drug for which a conditional approval has been awarded since October 1, 2018— (i) whether the drug was granted condi-tional approval pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) of section 571(a)(1)(A) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended by sub-section (a); (ii) whether the drug was dual labeled dur-ing its conditional approval; (iii) the indications for which the drug was granted conditional approval under section 571 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc) and whether the drug was approved or not approved under section 512 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360b); (iv) the number of years the drug was so conditionally approved and a description of the complexity of the investigation to dem-onstrate the drug’s effectiveness; (v) whether, and to what extent, the condi-tional approval pathway under such section 571 (21 U.S.C. 360ccc) impacted the sponsor’s decision to develop the drug or seek approval of the drug under section 512 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360b); (vi) whether, and to what extent, condi-tional approval pursuant to clause (ii) of sec-tion 571(a)(1)(A) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360b(a)(1)(A)) addressed a serious or life- threatening condition; and (vii) whether, and to what extent, condi-tional approval pursuant to clause (ii) of sec-tion 571(a)(1)(A) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360b(a)(1)(A)) addressed an unmet animal or human health need, and whether before such conditional approval there were available therapies for the disease or condition in-volved; (B) an analysis of the conditional approval program under section 571 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc), including— (i) the resources used by the Food and Drug Administration in reviewing applications for conditional approval of drugs pursuant to such program and renewal of such condi-tional approval, including the effects of the program on the Food and Drug Administra-tion’s review of animal drugs for which con-ditional approval is not used; (ii) whether any improvements to the pro-gram under section 512 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360b) are necessary to incentivize the devel-opment of animal drugs that would likely not otherwise be developed, or developed in as timely a manner, to address— (I) serious or life-threatening conditions; and (II) an unmet animal or human health need; and (iii) whether the conditional approval pathway has resulted in a greater number of animal drugs approved under section 512 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360b) for serious or life- threatening conditions or unmet animal or human health needs than would have other-wise come to market under the practices and commitments of the Center for Veterinary Medicine of the Food and Drug Administra-tion as such practices and commitments ex-isted as of the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act; and (C) how the Center for Veterinary Medicine of the Food and Drug Administration has utilized complex adaptive or other novel in-vestigation designs, data from foreign coun-tries, real-world evidence (including ongoing surveillance activities, observational stud-ies, and registry data), biomarkers, or surro-gate endpoints— (i) to support the approval of products under section 512 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360b), including how many such products have been approved since October 1, 2018; and (ii) to support the approval of products under section 512 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360b) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.032 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6241 July 16, 2018 
that received conditional approval under sec-tion 571 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc), includ-ing how many such products have been ap-proved since October 1, 2018. 
SEC. 305. GUIDANCE ADDRESSING INVESTIGA-TION DESIGNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of assisting sponsors in incorporating complex adaptive and other novel investigation designs, data from foreign countries, real world evidence (including ongoing surveillance activities, observational studies, and registry data), biomarkers, and surrogate endpoints (re-ferred to in this section as ‘‘elements of in-vestigations’’) into proposed clinical inves-tigation protocols and applications for new animal drugs under sections 512 and 571 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360b; 360ccc), the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall issue guidance addressing the use of such elements of investigations in the development and reg-ulatory review of such new animal drugs. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The guidance under sub-section (a) shall address how the Secretary will evaluate the elements of investigations proposed or submitted pursuant to section 512(b)(1)(A) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or to meet the commitment under section 571(a)(2)(F) of such Act, and how sponsors of such applications may ob-tain feedback from the Secretary on tech-nical issues related to such investigations prior to the submission of an application to the Secretary. (c) M
EETING .—Prior to issuing the guidance under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with stakeholders, including rep-resentatives of regulated industry, consumer groups, academia, veterinarians, and food producers, through a public meeting to be held not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. (d) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall issue a draft guidance under subsection (a) not later than 1 year after the date of the public meet-ing under subsection (c), and shall finalize such guidance not later than 1 year after the date on which the public comment period on such draft guidance ends. 
SEC. 306. FOOD ADDITIVES INTENDED FOR USE IN ANIMAL FOOD. 
(a) F OOD ADDITIVE PETITIONS FOR ANIMAL  F
OOD.—Section 409 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 348) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) F
OODADDITIVES INTENDED FOR USE IN  A
NIMAL FOOD.—(1) In taking action on a peti-tion under subsection (c) for, or for recogni-tion of, a food additive intended for use in animal food, the Secretary shall review re-ports of investigations conducted in foreign countries, provided by the petitioner. ‘‘(2) Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of the Animal Drug and Animal Generic Drug Use Fee Amendments of 2018, the Secretary shall post on the inter-net website of the Food and Drug Adminis-tration— ‘‘(A) the number of petitions for food addi-tives intended for use in animal food filed under subsection (b) that are pending; ‘‘(B) how long each such petition sub-mitted under subsection (b) has been pend-ing, including such petitions the Secretary has extended under subsection (c)(2); and ‘‘(C) the number of study protocols that have been pending review for over 50 days, and the number that have received an exten-sion. ‘‘(3) In the case of a food additive petition intended for use in animal food, the Sec-retary shall provide information to the peti-tioner on the required contents of such peti-tion. If the Secretary requires additional studies beyond what the petitioner proposed, the Secretary shall provide the scientific ra-tionale for such requirement.’’. (b) ENSURING THE SAFETY OF PETFOOD.— Section 1002(a) of the Food and Drug Admin-istration Amendments Act of 2007 (21 U.S.C. 2102(a)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (c) G
UIDANCE ON PRE-PETITION CONSULTA -
TION PROCESS FOR ANIMAL FOODADDITIVES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (re-ferred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall publish draft guidance relat-ing to the voluntary pre-petition consulta-tion process for food additives intended for use in animal food. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The guidance under para-graph (1) shall include— (A) the recommended format to submit to the Food and Drug Administration existing data, including any applicable foreign data, for assessment prior to submission of a food additive petition for animal food under sec-tion 409(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; (B) the manner and the number of days by which the Food and Drug Administration in-tends to review and respond to such existing data, including with respect to providing a scientific rationale for any additional data request; (C) circumstances under which the submis-sion of study protocols is recommended prior to submission of a food additive petition under such section 409(b); (D) the manner in which the Secretary in-tends to inform the person submitting a study protocol for a food additive if the re-view of such study protocol will take longer than 50 days; and (E) best practices for communication be-tween the Food and Drug Administration and industry on the development of pre-peti-tion submissions of study protocols and ex-isting data for food additives. (3) F
INAL GUIDANCE .—The guidance under paragraph (1) shall be finalized, withdrawn, or reissued not later than 1 year after the close of the comment period on the draft guidance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of this legis-lation to reauthorize the Animal Drug User Fee Act, ADUFA, which will con-tinue agreements between the FDA and the animal drug industry to pay user fees that will help speed the approval of new drugs. Farmers, ranchers, families, and vet-erinarians need ADUFA so they can keep their animals and pets safe and healthy. In the rural and agricultural commu-nities across the country, including my home State of Oklahoma, ADUFA is critical to farmers, ranchers, and all American consumers. These animals are a major food source for our commu-nities and our families, so it is vitally important that we move quickly today and reauthorize ADUFA. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5554, the Animal Drug and Animal Ge-neric Drug User Fee Amendments of 2018. This bill reauthorizes the Food and Drug Administration’s animal drug and animal generic drug user fee programs and ensures that the FDA continues to have the tools it needs to approve ani-mal drugs to help our pets and live-stock live healthier lives. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the remainder of my statement. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5554, the Animal Drug and Animal Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2018. This bill reauthorizes the Food and Drug Ad-ministration’s Animal Drug and Animal Generic Drug User Fee Programs and ensures the FDA continues to have the tools it needs to approve animal drugs to help our pets and livestock live healthier lives. This legislation reauthorizes the FDA’s au-thority to collect user fees from the animal drug and generic animal drug industries for additional five years and reflects bipartisan agreement and recommendations negotiated between the FDA and the animal drug industry with input from farmers and ranchers, veteri-narians, food and feed producers, and other public health stakeholders. These critical user fee agreements have helped to accelerate the development of ani-mal drugs, reduce application review times at the FDA, and create a more predictable and streamlined process for getting animal drugs to market. It is critical that we pass H.R. 5554 today as the current authorization for these programs will expire on September 30th of this year. If ADUFA and AGDUFA are not reauthorized by the deadline, the FDA will lack the resources and subject matter experts it needs to do this important work. This will be the fourth reauthorization of ADUFA and the third reauthorization of AGDUFA. These user fee programs have proven to be highly successful and allow the Center for Veterinary Medicine at FDA to meet and exceed its performance goals. The FDA’s gold standard for safety and effi-cacy extends beyond products just for hu-mans, but also for animal drugs. Safe and ef-fective animal medications, as approved by FDA, protect our companion animals and keep our food supply safe. Reauthorizing ADUFA and AGDUFA ensures this continues. As a result of our bipartisan compromise, this bill also creates a conditional approval pathway for certain new animal drugs that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition or address an unmet health need for which ongoing efficacy studies are complex or particularly difficult. I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD18\JULY\H16JY8.REC H16JY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6242 July 16, 2018 
pleased we have reached consensus on this policy and that the provision includes a 10- year sunset. The Energy and Commerce Committee has worked in a strong bipartisan fashion to move this bill forward. I commend my colleagues, Rep. K
URT SCHRADER and Rep. M ARKWAYNE  M
ULLIN , for introducing this important legisla-tion and advancing it for floor consideration. I urge my colleagues to join me and vote in support of the Animal Drug and Animal Ge-neric Drug User Fee Amendments of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), the chairman. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in sup-port of this critical bill to reauthorize the Animal Drug User Fee Act and the Animal Generic Drug User Fee Act for an additional 5 years. Among other things, these user fees provide critical resources to the Food and Drug Admin-istration’s Center for Veterinary Medi-cine to ensure efficient and timely re-view of animal drug applications, qual-ity assurance measures for animal feed, and surveillance of the safety and effi-cacy of animal drugs on the market. In addition to reauthorizing these user fee programs, this legislation also includes new authority to facilitate greater innovation in the animal drug space. Mr. Speaker, these user fee programs must be reauthorized by September 30 to avoid a major disruption of the oper-ations of the Center for Veterinary Medicine. The clock is ticking. The agency must start sending pink slips to employees 60 calendar days before the end of the fiscal year. That is the end of this month. We are talking about real con-sequences for animal health and for the American people. House passage of this bill today is an important step, and I urge the Senate to do its work and promptly take up and pass this bill so that President Trump can sign it into law. I thank the gentleman for the rec-ognition. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ), our colleague from the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5554 is a bipartisan bill to reauthorize the animal drug and animal generic drug user fee programs, and I am proud to lead it with my colleague, Mr. M
ULLIN . ADUFA and AGDUFA are crucial to FDA’s work to review and approve ap-plications for animal drugs. Over the past several years, animal drug user fee programs have streamlined the ap-proval process for pharmaceuticals and eliminated the FDA’s application back-log, reduced review times, and created a more predictable process. As a veterinarian from Oregon, I am particularly grateful to see this bill come to the floor. I am acutely aware of the great innovations that are oc-curring in the human health sphere, and I want to ensure our four-footed friends also have access to the latest and greatest medical innovations. That is why I am particularly pleased with this bill and its language to expand conditional approval for animal drugs with major uses in major species. b1830 Conditional approval is a careful, de-liberative process based on similar pathways for drugs for minor uses and minor species that was already estab-lished in 2004. Conditional approval is critical for veterinary medicine since it is not cost-effective for drug companies to pursue large, complete clinical trials, given the small population of intended beneficiaries, without some initial in-terest and success under the condi-tional approval program. Before being conditionally approved, drugs must demonstrate a reasonable expectation of effectiveness and meet every other FDA standard for approval, including safety. They still need to get complete FDA approval within 5 years and must apply for annual renewal. I thank Chairman WALDEN ; Ranking Member P
ALLONE ; Mr. G REEN ; my col-league from North Carolina (Mr. H
UD-
SON), who worked very hard on the bill; and certainly Mr. M
ULLIN for his part-nership in leading this way. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their bipartisan approach, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote from all my col-leagues. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5554, the Animal Drug and Animal Generic Drug User Fee Act of 2018. These user fee agreements are important to millions of North Carolinians living with com-panion animals. They are also important to the agricultural community. Some of you may not be aware that North Carolina is the second largest pork producer, the second largest tur-key producer, and the third largest poultry pro-ducer in the country. Our agricultural commu-nity and family farms are essential to feeding our nation and they depend on medicines to keep animals healthy. I am pleased that the final legislation in-cludes language that I have worked on with my colleagues including Representatives H
UD-
SON and S CHRADER to enable conditional ap-proval of innovative veterinary drugs that have been demonstrated to be safe to use and have a reasonable expectation of effective-ness. The FDA already has this authority for unmet medical needs in minor uses and minor species, and this expanded authority can help improve protections for animal and human health. This legislation must be passed before Con-gress adjourns for August or the FDA will be required to halt the programs. I urge my col-leagues to support this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5554, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 6385, DEPART-MENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OP-ERATIONS, AND RELATED PRO-GRAMS APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, from the Committee on Appropriations, sub-mitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–829) on the bill (H.R. 6385) making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 4946, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4960, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
SPECIALIST TREVOR A. WIN’E POST OFFICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4946) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 1075 North Tustin Street in Or-ange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 368, nays 0, not voting 60, as follows: 
[Roll No. 329] YEAS—368 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JULY\H16JY8.REC H16JY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6243 July 16, 2018 
Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reichert Rice (SC) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—60 
Aderholt Barton Bishop (GA) Black Brady (PA) Ca´rdenas Cleaver Davis, Danny DeSantis Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Gowdy Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Holding Huizenga Jackson Lee Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kinzinger Lamb Lawrence Lipinski Loebsack Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant Massie Meeks Moore Neal O’Rourke Palmer Pingree Poe (TX) Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Rush Ryan (OH) Scott (VA) Shea-Porter Simpson Speier Trott Tsongas Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Yarmuth 
b1856 Mr. PERLMUTTER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SPC. STERLING WILLIAM WYATT POST OFFICE BUILDING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4960) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 511 East Walnut Street in Co-lumbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 368, nays 0, not voting 60, as follows: 
[Roll No. 330] YEAS—368 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reichert Rice (SC) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.034 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6244 July 16, 2018 
Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—60 
Aderholt Barton Bishop (GA) Black Brady (PA) Butterfield Ca´rdenas Cicilline Cleaver Davis, Danny DeSantis Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Gowdy Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Holding Huizenga Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kinzinger Lamb Lawrence Lipinski Loebsack Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant Massie Meeks Moore Neal O’Rourke Pingree Poe (TX) Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Rush Ryan (OH) Scott (VA) Shea-Porter Simpson Speier Trott Tsongas Visclosky Walz Yarmuth 
b1904 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HONORING MAYTEE SANZ (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to recognize my dear friend and chief of staff, Maytee Sanz. This week, the Congressional His-panic Leadership Institute, CHLI, will honor Maytee with the Stephen Vermillion Congressional Staff Appre-ciation Award. Oftentimes—most of the time—Mem-bers of Congress receive the praise for the excellent work of their staff. That has certainly been the case with Maytee. Leading my staff, Maytee has been instrumental in the effective functioning of my office and keeping our policy priorities on track and con-nected to the community. Maytee started working with me since my early days in the Florida Leg-islature, a long time ago, and rose from her role as my district aide to become my congressional chief of staff. Along the way, she earned both her master’s and bachelor’s degrees from NSU, Nova Southeastern University, in addition to finding time to mentor many young men and women who have come through our office. The CHLI Stephen Vermillion award is much-deserved, and South Florida has been well-served by having Maytee at the helm of our office. Felicidades, Doctora Sanz. f 
ALARMING SURGE OF HATE GROUP AFFILIATION (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, there has been an alarming surge of hate group affiliation over the past year. Even more alarming is the re-ality that people who belong to these groups have been able to obtain secu-rity clearances. The intersection of hate groups and access to our country’s secrets is something that I did not ex-pect to exist, and I am determined to make sure that this does not continue. Federal agencies should be required to report on how many clearance hold-ers and applicants are associated with hate groups, and what is the status of their approval. The American people deserve to know if our government has decided that those who espouse a hate-ful ideology have access to our Na-tion’s secrets. I have introduced legislation to pro-vide answers and to hopefully prohibit those associated with hate groups and who possess hateful ideology from hav-ing access to our most sensitive infor-mation. I urge my colleagues to consider this legislation, and to, hopefully, see it on the House floor. 
f 
WORLD YOUTH SKILLS DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, Sunday was World Youth Skills Day. The United Nations Gen-eral Assembly started this initiative to raise awareness about the importance of investing in youth skills develop-ment. Young people are almost three times more likely to be unemployed than adults. Young people around the world are exposed to lower-quality jobs, greater labor market inequalities, and a longer school-to-work transition pe-riod. That is why I am pleased the House unanimously approved my Strength-ening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act last year, and it has seen action in the Senate as well. Too often, we have seen students pushed down the college-for-all path-way that just doesn’t work for some students. CTE has established itself as a path that many students choose in pursuit of industry certification and hands-on skills they can use right out of high school, in skill-based education programs, or in college. By modernizing the Federal invest-ment in CTE programs, we will be able to connect more educators with indus-try stakeholders and close the skills gap. CTE is an important part of youth skills development, not only in the United States, but in nations around the world. f 
INDICTMENT OF 12 RUSSIAN MILI-TARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICERS (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, on Fri-day, Special Counsel Robert Mueller handed down the most significant hacking indictment targeting a foreign power in history. Director Mueller al-leges that 12 Russian military officers were responsible for breaking into po-litical organizations, stealing sensitive documents, and disseminating them to undermine faith in American democ-racy. Friday’s indictment will further shape the norms of responsible state behavior in cyberspace, and dem-onstrates our commitment to holding malicious actors accountable. Yet, today, Mr. Speaker, not 3 days later, President Trump said he didn’t see any reason to think that Russia carried out the election meddling. Well, the President set it up as whether you believe U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies or Rus-sia. However, this isn’t a matter of be-lief, this is matter of fact; and the facts say the Russian government hacked us. I hope that the President will finally acknowledge this, and I pray that my Republican colleagues will hold him accountable if he doesn’t. And I thank Director Mueller for his ongoing work. 
f 
NATIONAL JUVENILE ARTHRITIS AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, almost 820,000 Minnesotans live with arthritis every day. When you think about ar-thritis, you likely think of it affecting only folks in their older years. But many of those Minnesotans coping with arthritis are actually children. Nationwide, 300,000 children suffer from juvenile arthritis, which makes it harder to do all the things that are es-sential to being a kid: Running, play-ing, enjoying the outdoors, and a chance to be themselves. Families with children coping with this condition face very unique challenges. We have made a lot of progress, Mr. Speaker, in the fight against juvenile arthritis, but there is still a lot of work to be done. July is National Juve-nile Arthritis Awareness Month, an op-portunity to recognize, to refocus, and redouble our efforts to find a cure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.040 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6245 July 16, 2018 
b1915 RUSSIANS ARE NOT OUR FRIENDS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, now that the Manchurian President has come back from meeting with his holders in Helsinki, we need to look at what is going on here. We were scolded today in another country by the President of the United States telling us how: Well, Russia has made mistakes. Well, we have made mistakes, too. When has a President ever done that? And all my colleagues do is sit over there and don’t say a word. Let this have been some other Presi-dent, it would be holy water in here. He attacks women all the time— N
ANCY PELOSI , MAXINE WATERS , ELIZA-
BETH WARREN , Megyn Kelly, Hillary Clinton, you name it. But then stands there next to the person that had ev-erything to do with our elections being rigged or held up, and he stands there and says: Well, he said he didn’t do it. What is going on here? Is there any backbone? The President of the United States doesn’t have a backbone. What did I see today? It used to be being called a com-munist was the worst thing you could call someone. Now they are our friends? Wake up. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana). Members are re-minded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
TAX REFORM (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the great news that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act con-tinues to deliver for the people and small businesses of the Fifth District of South Carolina. It has been almost 7 months since tax reform, and our economy is booming. People have a renewed hope and sense of security in their futures again. Firsthand, I see small businesses in my district expanding and creating more jobs. New hires are at the highest level in 17 years. Small-business opti-mism is the highest in decades. Con-sumer confidence is at its highest in 2 decades. I have directly heard from families who are seeing more hard-earned dol-lars remaining in their pockets. Be-cause of our pro-growth policies, our economy, our families, and our busi-nesses in my district and across the Nation will have strong futures. Thanks to tax reform, South Caro-linians and Americans are better off now. HONORING THE LIFE OF DERRICK ‘‘BO’’ TAYLOR (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Derrick ‘‘Bo’’ Taylor, who attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Bo was devoted to his two sons, Greg-ory and Kyle, and his girlfriend, Denise Cohen. Bo worked for the California Depart-ment of Corrections and Rehabilitation for 29 years, where he rose to the rank of lieutenant. Bo and Denise dated for several years and attended the Route 91 festival to-gether, where, tragically, they both died. Bo is remembered by his friends and family as being very well liked and re-spected, and a leader. He was dedicated to everyone in his life and was known as a true friend. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Bo Taylor’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LYNDA DuRANT (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize a con-stituent in my district, Mrs. Lynda DuRant, who saved her husband’s life by bravely and correctly administering CPR in an emergency situation. An educator in the Effingham County public school system, Mrs. DuRant used her CPR training to save her hus-band John’s life when he suffered a sig-nificant cardiac event. The doctors said later that her immediate and proper use of CPR was crucial to his survival. CPR has only a 10.6 percent success rate, because it is often performed in-correctly. With early June being National CPR and AED Awareness Week, I encourage everyone to become certified in admin-istering CPR. Like Mrs. DuRant, you never know when you will be called upon in an emergency to save a life. Thank you, Mrs. DuRant, for your brave action and for reminding us of the importance of this critical skill. 
f 
ESSENCE OF BETRAYAL (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, today President Trump went to a foreign country and criticized his own country, the United States of America, while bowing and scraping to a foreign dictator, Putin. Americans must ask this obvious question, and it is: Why does President Trump refuse to criticize Vladimir Putin about anything? It must be because Putin knows something about President Trump that President Trump doesn’t want the rest of us to know. If that is true, then President Trump has put his own well- being and interests above those of the Nation. And that, Mr. Speaker, is the essence of betrayal. His actions have betrayed the confidence and the trust of the American people and could be called treasonous. Sadly, Trump’s supporters must look at themselves and think whether or not they were sold out by the dog whis-tle ‘‘Make America Great Again.’’ They must now realize that the President has subjected himself to domination by the leader of the international white nationalist movement, Vladimir Putin. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
YUCCA MOUNTAIN (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the USA has approximately 121 sites around the country that are storing nuclear waste in approximately 39 States. They are in temporary facili-ties, temporary storage that could be subject to all sorts of problems, wheth-er it be terrorist attack or other issues with nature. I had the chance recently to visit Yucca Mountain, the facility in Nevada that would be the repository for nu-clear waste, if it could be approved and put in place. I was impressed with what I saw for many key issues. Seismic activity is very low in the area, if any. We have an issue where it could be a very hardened site for attack. It would be very dif-ficult to attack it. And the issues with groundwater are nil, since groundwater is so deep in the Nevada desert, well below the areas proposed. We need to do something about this situation with nuclear waste being stored temporarily the way it is or with moving forward with a project like Yucca Mountain, which is the only one approved in the United States cur-rently under the law. Mr. Speaker, further delay means further peril for the way this stuff is being stored currently. We need to move forward on this. 
f 
TRUMP-PUTIN MEETING (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to condemn President Trump’s unpatri-otic performance and feckless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.087 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6246 July 16, 2018 
groveling to Russian dictator Vladimir Putin at today’s summit in Helsinki. President Trump, no, no, no. Putin’s Russia is not a competitor of the United States. His Russia is a fierce enemy of liberty in the United States and globally. Putin seeks every chance to undermine democratic institutions. He illegally invaded Ukraine and gunned down and poisoned freedom fighters like Boris Nemtsov. Our European allies are not our foes, Mr. President. They are our trusted friends. How can President Trump ignore the piercing sacrifice of bloodshed for lib-erty by thousands, hundreds of thou-sands of our countrymen and millions of our allies? As one of America’s rich sons, he chose to dodge the draft when his num-ber came up, and I haven’t been able to find any veteran from his family. So I remind my colleagues of Patrick Henry’s admonition: Give me liberty or give me death. With our Constitution as our anchor, this legislative branch, Article I, must rise to meet its constitutional obliga-tions to preserve liberty at all costs, placing country over party. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DAN CARSON (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dan Carson from Norwich, New York, who started an adaptive baseball program for individ-uals with physical and intellectual challenges. Seven years ago, Dan Carson started the Baseball Buddies game at the Nor-wich Little League field behind the middle school, and now it has grown into a huge community event. The program recently hosted its an-nual game, where about 25 past or present players from the Norwich Pur-ple Tornados were paired with special needs students. For these kids, the game is about more than baseball. The players and buddies form lifelong friendships and learn valuable lessons from each other. Most students with special needs do not have the opportunity to participate in team sports in high school, but this game is an exception. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thank-ing Dan for all his work that he has done to create a place where, regard-less of ability, children can participate in the great American pastime. I know I speak for everyone when I say, ‘‘Play ball.’’ 
f 
TRADE POLICY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. HILL) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time tonight. It is my hope tonight that we will have a discussion in our country and in this historic Chamber on trade policy. I am delighted that two of my good colleagues have joined me to carry on this discussion. A key tenet of international eco-nomic policy for the Trump adminis-tration has been to improve U.S. bilat-eral and multilateral trade arrange-ments with an eye toward enforcing reciprocity with our trading partners as it relates to tariff levels and the elimination of nontariff barriers. The goal: to simply achieve more market access for American goods and services. Mr. Trump recognized this, cam-paigned on free and fair trade, and rou-tinely emphasizes the importance of reciprocity between trading partners. He has stated that he prefers bilateral arrangements over multilateral ar-rangements by indicating that he did not want to pursue the Transpacific Partnership or the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, one with Asia partners and one with the EU. While it is true that bilateral trea-ties are easier to negotiate and ac-quire, select multilateral arrange-ments can achieve broad geopolitical and geo-economic strategic objectives. In the case of TPP, it could, poten-tially, significantly leverage the eco-nomic clout of China in Southeast Asia and obviously link longstanding free trade partners across the transatlantic region with the TTIP. President Trump has also initiated the effort to improve the North Amer-ican Free Trade Agreement, NAFTA, among the United States, Mexico, and Canada. He has called this agreement one of the worst ever, but has offered concrete ways to improve it and mod-ernize it for current conditions in Mex-ico, Canada, and the United States. No doubt, these are, in fact, significantly different than back in 1992 when the NAFTA agreement was arranged. This work continues in earnest, and I am pleased that the administration has made significant strides in improving NAFTA between Canada and Mexico over the past year, something that I think is very important in my home State of Arkansas, where Mexico and Canada are absolutely the largest trad-ing partners that our companies and farmers have in my home State. President Trump’s objectives of changing the mercantilistic trade poli-cies of China have proven more chal-lenging. Tonight, we will talk about the President’s strategy, because we want the United States to have an op-portunity in China. We want a more open China trading process. We want more goods and services made in Amer-ica sold in China. But over the last 3 decades, China has developed into one of the world’s largest and fastest growing economies, but also one of the world’s largest pro-tectionist economies, putting up bar-riers to American goods and services in both tariff matters and in nontariff ways. b1930 We are going to talk about that to-night, and I would like to start by talking about that with my friend from Ohio. What is interesting is that this strategy of getting at a more open China, ending a more mercantilistic trading policy with China has taken a couple courses of action: one, the President has imposed section 301 under the Trade Act of 1974, going after China’s intellectual property theft in the U.S., their ability to compel U.S. companies or companies from the Eu-ropean Union to give up their intellec-tual property in order to do business in China, clearly a violation. And so the President has proposed a 301 investiga-tion and tariffs related to that. He has also imposed tariffs under the 1962 act for national security purposes across the board on steel and alu-minum—all countries, all products. And that is very challenging, Mr. Speaker, because, if the real issue is getting at China, the world’s largest subsidizer and dumper of steel and alu-minum, this may not be the most suc-cessful strategy to accomplish. That could, in fact, be a distraction from our ultimate objective in opening China. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ), my friend, so that we can have his perspective on tariffs and trade and how we can im-prove and be more successful in getting the outcomes that we want. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, prior to coming to Congress 2 years ago, I spent 15 years building manufacturing companies. I have been personally on the receiving end of bad trade policy and bad trade practices. So, in 2016, when President—then candidate, now President—Trump talked about mak-ing America great again by dealing with bad trade deals and bad trade practices, frankly, he energized me and many other people in my industry, in the manufacturing sector, and, indeed, all across the country because America has lived with bad consequences of bad trade deals. In fact, America has built its history on trade. Truly, economic liberty is as much a part of America’s history as re-ligious liberty and other forms of lib-erty. We were the world’s largest trad-ing country. We are a great trading power in every way you can measure it. We do have trade deficits with some countries, but we have to pay attention to the right metrics. So when we talk about bad trade practices and bad trade policies, we talk about, to use an analogy, watch-ing basketball. Think how the sport would change if there were no fouls called and no one could shoot free throws. These are the kinds of things that happened with the WTO. Eventu-ally, after, sometimes, years of filing a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.088 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6247 July 16, 2018 
complaint, the WTO will adjudicate a subsidy practice by China on steel, for example, and then they will say: Hey, you have to stop. Well, the moment a complaint is filed, the Chinese company just dumps faster because they know that it is going to be turned off. The trouble is there is no consequence for this bad conduct. So what I had hoped we would be doing is we would be using our great relationships around the world to unite our allies, our best trading partners, frankly, people who are also the vic-tims of these bad trade practices and bad trade policies, to take action against those bad practices so that we can define what is a foul and what is the effective free throw. What are the consequences? I believe that the President’s goals are being poorly served by some of his advisers and I hope that the President will change course, because what we are doing has resulted in failure in every type of war studied, from Sun Tzu through World War II, through more modern wars. When you multiply your enemies, you are not winning, and we are doing that with the practices that some of the administration is implementing, things that implement uniform tariffs, things that distort the very definition of a national security issue to call Ger-man luxury autos a national security issue. We have tools in the kit bag that could be very effective, tools like sanc-tions. When we engage in warfare, when we engage with enemies of our country that are strategic enemies, we have sanctions in place against Russia, sanctions in place against Iran, and sanctions in place against North Korea. The beauty of sanctions is they can be targeted not just as a country or a sector; they can be targeted to compa-nies and even individuals. We can use these things to restrict the flow, and we can define what is illicit finance. We can use these tools that the world uses already against bad actors and, frankly, some of the worst actors in the world to unite our allies and to de-fine a better way for trade going for-ward. So we shouldn’t confuse this with a critique of the objective. The objective is, indeed, noble and necessary. Past trade practices, past Presidential poli-cies have left America on the short end. True, as Milton Friedman said: 
If countries want to subsidize the cost of a good, let them. They are just lowering the cost for our consumers. 
But we can’t simply be a nation of consumers. We need people to put cap-ital at risk in America to thrive, and for our great industries, whether it is agriculture or manufacturing or tech-nology, for the intellectual property to flourish here. We have the best mar-kets for goods, services, intellectual property, capital, and we need to make sure that we defend that. I applaud President Trump for being passionate about putting America first in these practices, but I do believe that we need to look at the tactics that have been employed by many who have advised him and say, ‘‘Is this multi-plying our enemies?’’ And, in fact, it is. I hope we can move forward in a bet-ter way and we can serve this great country by restoring trade to its right and proper place as a vibrant part of our economy. Exports drive our econ-omy, but imports can benefit our econ-omy. Trade is exactly that. Trade is something of value for both parties. Both profit when trade is there. A zero-sum understanding is not the right way to look at trade. We ben-efit and so do others; and it is okay that they benefit, because then they are able to buy more from us in trade. The practices that are in place today give us a chance to assess the progress, and I think it is vital that we do that. It is vital that we keep this economy doing the great things that it has under President Trump’s leadership, under congressional leadership. We were told that the new normal was a 1.5 percent growth rate, that we couldn’t grow at the high rate. With regulatory relief and tax reform, our economy is growing higher than 3 per-cent, and we certainly don’t want to do anything that would derail that mo-mentum. I am encouraged by Mr. HILL’s dia-logue tonight, and I thank the gen-tleman for the opportunity to speak. I know we have other colleagues who would like to as well. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Ohio. He is a valued mem-ber of the House Financial Services Committee, and his decades of work in private business and in manufacturing is ideal for this discussion. He knows about intermediate goods manufac-turing and how a lot of those parts are made domestically, but some parts, critical parts, might be made abroad. Nonetheless, they allow us to create a competitive manufactured good here in the United States, employ Americans, and then potentially sell that domesti-cally or export it to, yet again, another country. I appreciate his manufac-turing expertise. We are also joined tonight by my friend from Illinois, a distinguished member of the House Ways and Means Committee, D
ARIN LAHOOD, who comes from America’s heartland of agri-culture and can speak to the issue of how do we achieve this outcome that we want: more open markets, fairer and reciprocal trade, but how do we do that in a way that minimizes the im-pact on American consumers and our agricultural producers. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD), my friend. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, F
RENCH HILL, for organizing tonight’s Special Order on trade. I want to associate my thoughts tonight with the comments made by Congressman D
AVIDSON and also with Congressman F
RENCH HILL. Mr. Speaker, I would just start off and say that it is imperative that we, as Members of Congress, come together to stress to the President and his ad-ministration the importance of free trade. When I look back over the last year and a half of his administration, I ap-plaud the President and his leadership in working with us to roll back regula-tion, have reasonable regulation in place, and also once-in-a-lifetime tax reform that he was able to get passed, along with this Congress, two accom-plishments that have jump-started our stagnant economy, and we are seeing the results. However, I think we do ourselves a real disservice to the work that we have already done on this economy by engaging in a trade war. I think we go backwards in terms of the economic progress that we are making to get in a long-term trade war. Mr. DAVIDSON referenced it a little, but it is frustrating and disappointing to see several staff members with the President who are unelected and unconfirmed who are trade protection-ists. They have the ear of the President when it comes to implementing trade policy, and that is, again, frustrating. These protectionists are failing to take the time and recognize the long-term costs of the recent tariff actions and our current position as it comes to re-negotiating NAFTA and other trade agreements on our economy. I have said this many times before when I think back to the election. Our President wasn’t elected by people on the East Coast or the West Coast. It was people in the Midwest, people from rural America, people from the South who helped elect him. And, unfortu-nately, these are the folks who are left the worst off by these trade policies that are being put in place currently by the administration. As we move forward in this Congress, we need to carefully examine how much authority the legislative branch has ceded over time to the executive branch. I credit my colleague, W
ARREN  D
AVIDSON , for introducing a piece of legislation that I am a cosponsor of that would help take back a little of that authority under our Constitution, to have more input from Congress on that. We need to talk more about that, managing our trade policies to deter-mine how best to restore our constitu-tional authority. Our other colleague, Congressman G
ALLAGHER of Wisconsin, has also introduced a piece of legisla-tion that also does the same thing. We have no choice or alternative with the current world that we live in. We live in a globalized world with sup-ply chains set and marketplaces and customers continuing to grow, but we need to be engaged. Given that 95 per-cent of the world’s customers live out-side of the United States, we tend to forget that we represent about 4.5 per-cent of the world’s population. There is no doubt that we produce the best goods; we produce the best products; we have the best workers. But you have got to have markets. You 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.091 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6248 July 16, 2018 
have got to have customers around the world for those products to go to sup-port free and fair trade. I think about Illinois. Illinois is the sixth largest State in the country. Ag is the number one industry in the State of Illinois. It is the number one in my district. When I think about Illi-nois, for example, global trade supports over 1,700,000 jobs in Illinois. Ensuring that our manufacturers and farmers have access to markets around the world to sell their goods is vital to their ability to remain competitive and our economic success. The district that I represent, Illinois’ 18th Congressional District, spans cen-tral and west central Illinois. We are proud to be home to some of the world’s most respected manufacturers, including companies like John Deere, Caterpillar, and CNH. We are also home to some of the world’s most fertile farmland. We have the eighth largest district in the coun-try in terms of corn and soybean pro-duction in the country. About 40 per-cent of the corn and soybeans grown in my district go somewhere else around the world. They get put on barges on the Illinois and Mississippi River, go down that river through New Orleans, through the Gulf, through the new Panama Canal, and go anywhere around the world. But when you put up tariffs and bar-riers, you restrict those farmers from getting their goods all across the world. Unfortunately, these days, man-ufacturing and agriculture commu-nities like mine across the country face uncertainty and dark days ahead. That is because of our current trade policy. While I applaud the President’s in-tent to go after bad actors in the global marketplace, his approach and the re-sulting retaliation has put our Amer-ican workers and products in jeopardy, with no end in sight. The administra-tion’s reckless and frequent use of tar-iffs, some premised on national secu-rity, which I think is a fallacy, threat-en to spark an all-out trade war in this country and around the world. We have already seen retaliation on American-made products from some of our closest allies like Canada, Mexico, and the EU. In addition, China, which consumes a third of the world’s soy-beans, has also followed suit. In Illinois, total State exports threatened by new tariffs have reached over $3.8 million. Instead of tariffs, which are simply taxes passed on to consumers, our approach to address un-fair trading practices should be tar-geted to minimize collateral damage and should include specific and clear end goals, which we have not seen. Bottom line, we must pursue tar-geted trade enforcement policies that minimize harm to American farmers, our rural communities, and our manu-facturers. b1945 We know that our agriculture indus-try is typically first and hardest hit by any trade retaliation. To make things worse, our farmers are already at a dis-advantage compared to other foreign competitors given the lack of free trade agreements that the U.S. has compared to other countries, especially in the Asian markets. It was referenced earlier that TPP which, of course, is the Trans-Pacific Partnership, is going on without us. I look back at this administration. There was a lot of talk when they came in about bilateral trade agreements. We are 19 months into this administra-tion, and we don’t have one—not one— bilateral trade agreement. There was a lot of talk about putting those in place. Part of the reason we have not had that is they have run from us because of our position and what we have asked for in those bilateral trade agreements. The loss of marketplace due to tariffs will be extremely hard to regain and may not be possible to regain at all. The administration’s go at it alone approach is clearly not as effective as with working with our allies to nego-tiate a solution to global oversupply and technology theft perpetrated by countries like China, and there is no doubt they have done that. The forced technology transfers and the stealing of our technology should be addressed. But there are better ways to do that in a strategic and a precise way, partnering with our allies to do that, but we can’t do that going at it alone, and we can’t do it premised on national security. Lastly, let me just say that we have heard a lot about surpluses. We have heard a lot about trade deficits. It seems like the administration is fix-ated on trade deficits. I will tell you, in agriculture we have a trade surplus with every country in the world. Think about the collateral damage that is going to be done to those farmers and those ag products by engaging in a trade war. We do need to address the trade deficit, but it is a complicated, nuanced issue that we ought to address. There are lots of things we can do to change that instead of the path we are heading down right now. At the end of the day, our farmers want trade, not aid. In a free market system, it shouldn’t be based on sub-sidies or aid. So we need to, again, con-tinue to work with this administration on our proper oversight, taking back some of our constitutional authority to make sure that we are getting the mes-sage across that we need to have free and open trade that is going to benefit our farmers, our manufacturers, and working people all across this country. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. L
AHOOD from Illinois, for his expertise in agriculture and these markets. I think it is very important to have his example. I might react by saying the gen-tleman was talking about the power of working together. I was reflecting that if we were working together to lever-age the challenges of China, we are about 15 percent of two-way trade with China. The European Union is about 15 percent or so of trade with China. Japan is another seven. Clearly work-ing together on some of these issues that we have in common would give us more leverage. Let me just outline four key objec-tives I think of U.S. trade policy with China that I believe would be shared by those two other groups that I men-tioned, the European Union and Japan. Ensure China fully complies with its obligations as a member of the WTO, including the beneficial agreements on government procurement, information technology, environmental goods agreement, and a trade and services agreement. These are things, Mr. Speaker, that we have worked on bilat-erally and multilaterally since China entered the WTO in 2001, an admission I think now that many people question, was China really ready to join the World Trade Organization in 2001? That is number one. Number two, that we fully protect U.S. intellectual property rights and establish ways and means to cease gov-ernment-directed cyber theft of U.S. trade secrets and intellectual property both for commercial and national secu-rity reasons. I am reminded that Ambassador Win-ston Lord, the U.S. Ambassador to Bei-jing in 1989, when he was briefing Presi-dent Bush 41 in preparation of his first foreign trip. President Bush’s first for-eign trip in February of 1989 was to China where he had served as our rep-resentative back in the 1970s. Ambas-sador Lord wrote that memo to the President and said: You have got to talk about religious freedom, human rights. You have got to talk about Taiwan. You have got to talk about Tibet. And you have got to talk about theft of intellectual prop-erty. This was in February, 1989, Mr. Speaker, and we are still debating that issue today, unresolved. I would say that the European Union shares that view. Now, here is the amusing point. Am-bassador Lord and the State Depart-ment team, when they sent that memo to President Bush 41, said that it was in its eighth printing, and they were sorry that the author wasn’t getting any royalties for it. Meaning, we have been talking about this since we estab-lished diplomatic relations with China back in 1979, and we have been fighting this intellectual property theft. Number three, seek changes in Chi-na’s extensive industrial policies which protect domestic sectors and firms, particularly China’s state-owned indus-tries. China’s objective is for these state-owned enterprises to be global competitors compatible with other trading partners, but they are not. They are state-owned. They are state- subsidized. Finally, fourth, promote changes to industrial policies that provide open 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.092 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6249 July 16, 2018 
and reciprocal treatment for American exporters of goods and services by re-ducing nontariff barriers and making China’s tariff level comparable with U.S. tariffs. I think those four things, Mr. Speak-er, is what all of us agree on tonight, and I think they would benefit the Eu-ropean Union as well. But I think my friends have made a good case that if we were to partner with the E.U. and with Japan, we would have a lot more economic clout in delivering on that negotiating posture. I would ask my friend from Ohio, does he share that view? What are his thoughts about what are alternative strategies maybe in the steel and alu-minum area? Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. H
ILL. I want to agree with the importance of bringing allies to the table to ad-dress those practices. There are four, and there are several others that we would probably agree on. In a way, I think the thing that our President respects about China is they put China first. They have used all the resources of their nation really since 1989, since Deng Xiaoping transformed China’s economy to a more market-ori-ented economy. They are not a market-oriented econ-omy. That was one of the things they committed to do as part of joining the World Trade Organization. They are a command-driven economy in many re-spects. They have made great progress since 1989 to being market oriented. Frankly, since 2008, they have gone the other way in some of their practices. If you look at the revolutionary idea, though, the idea that lives can be changed by trade and capitalism, China under Deng Xiaoping, at the peak, they were using communism with Com-munist principles, and he introduced to them communism with Chinese prin-ciples, which was essentially cap-italism as long as we can stay in charge. It is a corrupt, subsidized form of capitalism, but at its peak, it was lift-ing 1 million Chinese people a month out of dollar-a-day poverty. Trade was a key part of this, inflows of foreign direct investment to reach this massive market. Today General Motors sells more cars in China than they sell in the United States of Amer-ica. This is a better path than the one I expected. When I graduated from high school in 1988, Mr. Gorbachev had not torn down the Berlin Wall. By the end of 1989 when I was there, unfortunately bad things had happened in Tiananmen Square in China, but, thankfully, great things happened at the Berlin Wall. I was fortunate to be able to see people there. I met a man who was from East Germany in his first hours of freedom who said: Is it like this everywhere? We were in the Ku’damm district— kind of like Times Square is in New York—in Berlin. I thought he meant how big the city was. But what he real-ly meant was the stores were open at night, and there is fresh milk, as he said. He was astonished that regular people, even foreigners, could go in, and the shelves had stock. This is the idea of economic liberty. This has produced abundance wherever it has been tried. Where the other ideas, the redistribution that Mao tried every version of Marxist Communist ideology that he could think of, and they all failed. They produced scarcity, poverty, and depravity. By engaging in the world, China transformed their economy. That is something to respect. I think the President admires the way that they put China first. But the reality is in putting China first, they have engaged all the re-sources of the country to where in 2014 we saw that President Obama had to take action against hackers. In fact, they were indicted. But did President Obama cut off all relations and trade with China? He did not. He engaged in diplomacy with China. I think it is great that we engage with Russia. Perhaps even Russia will see a market-oriented economy. They started out that way in the 1990s. But they also proved that deficits do mat-ter. This is something that the whole West wrestles with, and it is another thing that we could unite in agreeing with. I hope we can also get to ways we can unite here, because, as Mr. L
AHOOD mentioned, the Global Trade Account-ability Act is not an adversarial bill. It doesn’t even go retroactive to the ac-tions that have occurred in the past. It does get Congress engaged. It gets Con-gress engaged because the same bene-fits of cooperation, the same benefits of multiplying our allies instead of multiplying our enemies, could happen here in Congress where we multiply the people working on the problem. We want to join our President in tak-ing action against bad actors and in making our trade policy better than it has been even with the Canadians— they have bad trade practices that we can improve. Even with the Europeans; they have bad trade practices that we can improve upon. Great friends work through problems and I feel like that is the reality that we have with our friends. Here in Con-gress, the President has great friends. I would consider the three of us some of his great friends, not adversaries, in the goal we are concerned, I think, about the means of getting to that, and the Global Trade Accountability Act would simply say that Congress works with the President who leads the nego-tiations similar to the REINS Act. Where Congress can come alongside and say we do it, what would that mean? Well, that would mean that the President is more engaged. But it’s really the President’s advisors. Men like Peter Navarro, instead of refusing to come talk to Ways and Means, would engage with our chairman, would engage with our committee deal-ing with trade, and would, in fact, de-velop a plan instead of criticize their own failure to plan after the fact. How do we know this? This is an example. We have a uni-form tariff policy that probably never should have been implemented, that has got a chance for exclusions. We have over 20,000 companies that want exclusions right now. Commerce is doing them not sector by sector, but company by company; not commodity by commodity, but company by com-pany. There are only six people working on this massive task. Were there to be re-quired engagement, I believe there would have been a better plan in that collaborative approach, and perhaps a different course of action. I look forward to seeing other ways that you all might think that we could collaborate and make the great cause of making our trade agreements better and more productive. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Ohio. It is quite clear that in Article I the Congress exclusively in an enumerated power has the power of regulating com-merce between foreign nations and, of course, we know setting duties, levies, and taxes as an Article I power. I think you make an important component, just like Congress partnered with the executive branch on how to rightsize certain overregulation in our economy from the previous administration or how Congress collaborated with the Treasury Department in designing tax reforms to make America more com-petitive to have people bring business back to the U.S., not be double taxed on foreign earnings. In both of those examples, as you note, we collaborated, the executive branch and the legisla-tive branch. So I do think that also would strengthen the sequencing of our strat-egy to get at the heart of what I think our key challenges are which revolve around access into China. I ask my friend, Mr. L
AHOOD, does he have thoughts on this line of discus-sion? Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. H
ILL. The gentleman laid out four different objectives which I think are very perti-nent. The gentleman mentioned state- owned enterprises. I think about that in China, and I think about how in many ways they have cheated the sys-tem and done things, but this is a prob-lem that has been going on for a long time. One of the requirements with any trade agreement is you have to have enforcement. I don’t think we have had proper enforcement like we need when it comes to a number of these initia-tives we have had over a series of 20, 25 years. But enforcement is important. That means law enforcement. It means getting the Department of Jus-tice involved holding bad actors ac-countable. But I think you have more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.094 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6250 July 16, 2018 
ability to do that and more leverage if you partner with the E.U., you partner with Japan, you partner with our other allies to do that. We simply haven’t done that. I think, again, going at it alone is not the right approach to take. Are there things we ought to be working on to change? Of course. There are rules we should change. We should engage on a number of these issues. We should hold a num-ber of the bad actors accountable. But disengaging, putting up tariffs, and putting up barriers are the frustrating parts to me because I have not seen what is the ultimate goal with this strategy. What is the endgame? How do we land this plane eventu-ally? That is what is frustrating to me. What I try to explain to my farmers and my manufacturers in the district is: How does this all end? I have worked with the White House on a number of issues and been a strong ally with them, but there is clearly a division in the White House. You have the protectionist wing and you have the free-trader wing. b2000 There are many good people who have talked about the importance of free trade—Secretary Perdue, Ambas-sador Branstad to China, Secretary Mnuchin, Larry Kudlow—people who support the free enterprise system, support trade. Gary Cohn was in that group. On the other side, you have the more protectionist wing. Again, from them, we have not seen how this all ends, giv-ing us some confidence this is going to work out. That is the frustrating part, again, for our constituency and my farmers and manufacturers moving for-ward. We have talked a lot about China and what they have engaged in and what they have done, whether, again, it is forced technology transfers. In a lot of ways, what they do with American companies that come over there or for-eign companies is a form of extortion: Give us your technology, make us a part of it, and then we will let you come into the country. Well, we ought to be stronger in going after them. There are mecha-nisms and ways, and there are success stories in doing that. But we pulled out of TPP, and that is something the President ran on. But what has happened since we pulled out of TPP? All those other countries have gravitated towards China, Southeast Asia. They have gravitated towards them without us. So we are left out, being on our own. I don’t think that is good, long term, when we need marketplaces and we need customers to engage with. Being isolated is not the right ap-proach to take on this. We need to, again, engage the White House and par-ticularly try to understand the path we are on and the end game here moving forward. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, my friend from Illinois mentioned enforcement. I was looking in the archives this week when I was thinking about China, and I found an article that I wrote back in 1996 as a private citizen about the Clin-ton administration’s China policy. The paragraph on China and trade reads like this: 
China, as a world power, for her part, must recognize that bilateral and multilateral treaties are to be enforced. Lack of compli-ance with international treaty obligations must produce a known and delivered set of sanctions by the world community. China must clearly understand the consequences of noncompliance. 
I would argue so strongly about the gentleman’s point that have we—when I say ‘‘we,’’ I mean the United States, in the past two decades, the European Union as an entity and others—have we done a good job at enforcing those norms and those treaty provisions and those basic tenets of being a WTO member aggressively and collectively against China? I would argue we have a mixed record at best. But I think the gentleman makes a very good point about enforcement. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I think we have made great progress towards that end in uniting on trying to take a difference course of action. Just re-cently, we passed updated export con-trols and CFIUS regulation to try to give more tools to the kit bag. Who is going to execute this? The ex-ecutive branch. But the legislative branch passed the law, the House, the Senate. We are working to get the final package to agree on language—not just against China, but anybody who would steal our intellectual property, any-body who would take targeted action to harm our economy or put their citi-zens in a position to do that harm—and also try to strike the balance. Here is the thing. We can have per-fect security for America’s intellectual property by exporting zero of it, but we can’t do that. What we have to do is find a balance that says: We want you to innovate in the United States of America; we want the ideas to continue to originate here; we want the capital to be invested here to create those great ideas; but we do want to have some concern. You mentioned the Clinton adminis-tration. One of the first actions Bill Clinton took as President was to move release authority for sensitive informa-tion from the Department of Defense into the Department of Commerce. And what happened? Swiftly, Hughes worked with China to be able to help send them launch ve-hicles off of one rocket. One rocket went up into the air, multiple low- Earth orbit satellites went around, pre-cisely positioned in orbit around the Earth. The down side is that is the exact same technology that can be used to send warheads to multiple cit-ies after one launch vehicle penetrates U.S. airspace. This is dangerous tech-nology in the wrong hands. So we have to find a way to review those things and keep America safe, but we also have to find a way to have the ideas and the intellectual property initiate here. We can’t shut down all these in the name of national security. We cer-tainly don’t want to shut down the pro-duction of luxury automobiles. But we might want to restrict the trade there. China is actually targeting our entre-preneurs. We have some of the best education in the world, and the world comes here to become well-educated. Over 50 percent of our graduate and postgraduate students are not native- born Americans. We allow, frankly, most of the world to come here to get educated. Unfortu-nately, we don’t retain enough of that talent. So we send many of those peo-ple out of here with those skills that can be put to work in our marketplace. But in the process, Chinese capital sometimes and, frankly, other foreign nationals are getting into venture cap-ital. They are on our campuses. They are recruiting our talented people. They also are looking to buy our inno-vative ideas for dual use, but some-times only to advance their own tech-nology. The challenge today is that China has had this mixed blend of aggressive behavior towards us. They have also seen the benefits of trade. They have seen the benefits of the flow of goods, services, capital, and, in some cases, people, and they have brought those to bear to benefit their own economy. Today, nearly a third of initial public offerings are taking place in China. This is a challenge. And I would say we are better off finding a way to compete in the marketplace than as I thought I would as a soldier, which I never thought I would go to China without body armor and a rucksack full of ammo and night vision goggles and whatnot. I would rather trade with them. I hope we can stay on friendly terms with them. I hope we can get on friend-ly terms with Russia, when it is pos-sible. As much as it depends on us, we should live at peace with everyone. But we do have to trade. We do have to enforce the rules. We do need law and order. We have made many of these commitments, including commitments in the WTO. We should insist that China live up to their obligation and become a market-oriented economy. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I am con-cerned about the steel and aluminum tariffs across the board. I have raised that issue before I was joined by many Members of the Congress on that issue because I felt like it came out of the blue to Members of Congress engaged in trade policy, whether on the House Financial Services Committee or on the House Ways and Means Committee, and that it was sweeping in its nature. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.096 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6251 July 16, 2018 
It has produced the challenge you talked about that 20,000 American busi-nesses are trying to seek an exclusion from that. I have several in my district, Mr. Speaker, who make the steel belts and steel-belted radial tires who are hurt-ing. These are companies in Arkansas that use a steel rod that is not made in America, Mr. Speaker, and that is spun into the steel belt that is sold to the tire manufacturing industry. They are being hurt by this kind of across-the- board steel and aluminum tariff. If we are concerned about a good, healthy aluminum industry for na-tional security purposes and a good, healthy steel industry for national se-curity purposes, then we ought to go after, directly, the world’s largest dumper of steel and aluminum, which is China and their state-owned enter-prise sector with their subsidies, and not sweep up everyone engaged in that intermediate goods manufacturing in America, not penalize our partners in Europe who share that concern with us, who could help us go after that. Ambassador Lighthizer made a com-ment. He said: Well, one of the key rea-sons for going across the board like that was the risk of transshipment risk, in other words, violating the rules of origin, passing Chinese subsidized or dumped steel through a third country into the U.S., like Mexico, for example, or Canada, for example, just to name two possibilities. That got me thinking: Well, surely— back on my friend from Illinois’ com-ment about enforcement—there is a more elegant way to tackle what is really a regulatory issue, a trans-shipment risk, rule of origin risk. Why don’t we see what others are doing? So I looked at Canada. Just in March of this year, Mr. Speaker, the Cana-dians put in place a whole new regu-latory regime working with the Ameri-cans to block rules of origin changes or transshipments of Chinese steel or alu-minum through Canada. And, likewise, we have worked with the EU; and the OECD has their own steel committee that works to, on a regular basis, block that kind of work. So I just wonder, if we had consulted and worked together, perhaps we could have taken a more sophisticated route at stopping steel and aluminum dump-ing that is damaging our American in-dustry. We do need a protective steel and aluminum industry in this coun-try, no doubt. We also have good friends like Can-ada, good allies who produce it, but that is not to say that we don’t want to have a vibrant industry here. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD). Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, on the national security issue and premising much of this on national security, I didn’t serve in the military, but na-tional security is not something that should be used lightly. So when I saw that being used by this administration, I went to the experts and talked to peo-ple in our military. I think we saw early on that General Mattis was inter-viewed. He didn’t think very highly that this was a national security risk. Talk to any of our top brass in the military and I don’t think you will find anybody that supports this. I don’t think you have seen anybody in the ad-ministration from the military that has come out to support this as a na-tional security threat, because it is not, in my view. I think it is a faulty premise to go forth on this. I think, eventually, when it gets to the WTO, I don’t think it is going to stand up. I think that, again, gets back to our credibility in going about this. We have got to be very careful when we put our prestige of the United States out there and rely on national security when you can’t even find our own defense appa-ratus and our security folks out there who think this is a proper basis to do this. So that concerns me, moving for-ward, and I think, again, puts us in a tough position, again, being more iso-lated and not having other like-minded allies to help us. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, prior to being here, I worked in the manufac-turing sector. I worked in metal stamp-ing. One of the challenges, as Mr. H
ILL highlighted, is the tariffs are only on the commodity. Frankly, they are blunt force. They are all steel, all alu-minum. The reality is some grades of steel, some grades of aluminum are com-modity. Beverage cans, for example, are a commodity. We make it in the U.S.; they make it in Canada. Every-where they consume lots of beverages, there is a significant ability to produce this grade of aluminum. So the idea that we would target that isn’t necessarily changing our market, but where it is, there are things like the grades of rod that your tire manu-facturers are or a similar rod for weld-ing wire. Welding wire is highly auto-mated. So we have got domestic welding wire manufacturers who already weren’t the lowest cost provider. China, India, South Korea all heavily subsidize their welding wire manufac-turers. Having domestic welding wire manufacturers probably is a national security issue. We want the base rod to be made in the U.S. Some of those grades aren’t. But soon, if we don’t get exclusions to our domestic welding wire manufactur-ers, we won’t have the manufacturer of welding wire either. Meanwhile, their cost for the steel has gone up by 25 percent or more be-cause of the tariffs and they are losing market share. They don’t have a year or 2 to wait for the exclusions review. They are losing business now. And the size they are could kill their compa-nies. Some of these companies are big enough to just shift production off-shore, as we have seen other people do, but some of the smaller companies don’t have that option. They will live or die on whether or not they can get a government-mandated exclusion to a government-created problem that re-stricts their ability to buy the alu-minum. So we either have to put tariffs on the secondary goods—so you can see where this goes—and then they will put tariffs on the secondary goods, or we have to find a way where we say it is a national security issue for us to get this capability in the U.S. We want that capability, but we have to go about it the other way. I believe passionately that it is the sanctions. As you alluded to your own articles in the sixties, you have to take sanctions action. When you talk about how you deal with transshipments, we already deal with transshipments for national secu-rity purposes. And it is targeted. The sanctions protocol offers a path forward. I hope we can engage on that. I hope we can pass the Global Trade Accountability Act to provide a check, and I hope that more of our colleagues will engage in this sort of discussion. I hope colleagues across the aisle can en-gage in it, not necessarily to be an at-tack on our President or our policies, but as a gateway to support economic liberty that has indeed made America the land of opportunity. b2015 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time of my colleagues tonight on the floor. We have worked hard tonight to talk about how do we have a more constructive partnership between the executive branch and the legislative branch like we do in designing eco-nomic policy, tax policy, regulatory re-form policy, like this excellent descrip-tion that Mr. D
AVIDSON gave of how we created a modernized CFIUS approach for reviewing investments into the United States. We had full engagement with General Mattis at the Pentagon, Secretary Mnuchin at the Treasury Department, Secretary Ross at the Commerce De-partment, and the White House, with Senator C
ORNYN in the United States Senate, A
NDYBARR, ROBERT PITTENGER  here in the House working to create a collaborative approach regarding how to have a great national security pol-icy for investment in the U.S. I think we have all argued here to-night that, with our Article I engage-ment in the House Financial Services Committee, the House Ways and Means Committee, we want to be a construc-tive partner on accomplishing the President’s objective, which is fair and reciprocal trade, first and foremost, with China, and to finally break this cycle we have talked about tonight of inadequacy, of holding them to ac-count, making progress, enforcing their rules of the road under WTO, all with a heart toward helping our con-sumers, having more choice, more free 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.098 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6252 July 16, 2018 
trade, more opportunity to expand our economy, not contract, as we get into a downward spiral on a tariff-only strategy. Mr. Speaker, we want to work suc-cessfully with this administration on a new and modern NAFTA and with a successful set of trading arrangements with our friends in Europe and in Asia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HIGH STAKES ON THE HIGH COURT: JUSTICE HANGING IN THE BALANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. E
STES of Kansas). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extra-neous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to anchor this CBC Special Order hour. I would like to thank our Congressional Black Caucus chairman, Representative C
EDRIC RICHMOND of Louisiana, for his leadership in this ef-fort. For the next hour, we have an oppor-tunity to speak directly to the Amer-ican people about issues of great im-portance to the Congressional Black Caucus and the 78 million constituents we represent. Tonight’s Special Order hour theme is High Stakes on the High Court: Justice Hanging in the Balance. As one-fourth of the Democratic Cau-cus, we are emphatic in our opposition of Donald Trump’s USA Supreme Court nominee, Brett Kavanaugh. During the 2016 election, a then-can-didate Trump, in his sole attempt to appeal to African American voters, asked: ‘‘What do you have to lose?’’ Well, it turns out, my fellow Ameri-cans, we have so much to lose. In fact, we have lost already under Donald Trump. Every time Donald Trump and the congressional Republicans undermine and sabotage healthcare, Black and Brown folks lose. When congressional Republicans and Donald Trump give their billionaire do-nors and the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans such a massive tax cut and then raise taxes on low and middle class families, working class families, Black and Brown folks, lose. When Donald Trump threatened tem-porary protected status, TPS, Black and Brown folks lost. And with the recent announcement of Brett Kavanaugh as the President’s nominee, Black and Brown folks now have even more to lose. The stakes have never been higher. For nearly eight decades, African Americans have arduously, through generations of sacrifice and protest, successfully fought to secure historic legal victories that have significantly bent the moral arc of the universe to-wards justice. Republicans want to de-stroy a generation of progress for civil rights, women’s rights, LGBTQ rights, workers’ rights, and healthcare. Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination so-lidifies the Republican agenda to roll back major social legislative victories that would impede our advancements in social justice. With the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh, we are looking at the most conservative Supreme Court in over 75 years. Everything we hold dear as American ideals—our freedom, our tolerance, our values and progress in improving the human condition in our Nation—are at risk. We know Brett Kavanaugh has a record of ruling against affordable healthcare and women’s rights, but what is even more troubling is how his record on racial issues have flown under the radar. We cannot consider a Supreme Court Justice without analyzing their views on such issues as voting and workforce rights that will have an overwhelming effect on the life and liberty of all peo-ple of color. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia, E LEANOR HOLMES NORTON , the chair-woman of the judicial task force of the Congressional Black Caucus, whom it is now my honor and privilege to present and who has an extraordinary record of legal acumen and has been an outspoken advocate for criminal jus-tice reform, social justice, and has been scrutinizing judicial nominations so that we can provide for the American people an analysis of what we have to lose. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from New York, and I particularly thank her for her very co-gent remarks and wish to associate myself with those remarks in every sense of the word; and I say so to the good lady from the State of New York as the leader of the CBC task force on Federal court nominations, including the Supreme Court nomination, where I have had the opportunity to look deeply at the decisions of this nominee now serving on the court of appeals, as it turns out, for the District of Colum-bia, Brett Kavanaugh. I think the gentlewoman’s remarks are telling in their understanding of the extreme damage he would do—and I must add not only to African Ameri-cans, but to the rule of law as we have known it. I rise to indicate that the Congres-sional Black Caucus stands in strong opposition to the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh, and we will be doing all we can to keep that nomination from proceeding to the floor of the Sen-ate. We do have two members of the Congressional Black Caucus on the Ju-diciary Committee in the Senate, and we are working closely with them as well. We in the Congressional Black Cau-cus are not the only Members of Con-gress opposed to this nomination, but we represent those Americans who have been disproportionately depend-ent on a fair Supreme Court. African Americans have always been a minor-ity group in our country. For that rea-son, from slavery on to the days of dis-crimination in the 19th and 20th cen-turies, the African American commu-nity has been particularly dependent on the courts of the United States to protect them from unequal treatment by the majority. We have had every reason to know that, if we are in the hands of the par-tisan majority, given 400 years of his-tory, we have no protection. African Americans are disproportionately de-pendent on an objective Supreme Court. Now, that doesn’t mean a Su-preme Court of our choosing, but a Su-preme Court that is open to all points of view and capable of seeing beyond partisanship. Brett Kavanaugh is not that nomi-nee. We know so because he has per-haps the longest record of opinions of names submitted to Republicans for re-view. The D.C. circuit, which is the federal Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia, which happens to be my dis-trict, has been a circuit where Kavanaugh has been very mindful of the Supreme Court. I say that because he has so often written in dissent from his own colleagues on a Republican Court that it has been as if he were try-ing to write his way onto the Supreme Court. Remember Kavanaugh’s background. He started his career as a political op-erative in the Bush administration, and he has brought that extreme part-nership, as a political operative, straight into the D.C. circuit. We are not asking the Senate for a nominee of the kind we would have chosen. That is not our demand. But because this is the most partisan Con-gress since the Civil War, I believe we are within our rights in asking for a Court that would be a stabilizing influ-ence so the American people could see that not all is lost because there is an objective actor on the scene, and that actor is the Supreme Court of the United States. It is that Court which has protected us, we who are African Americans, from unequal treatment ever since Brown v. Board of Education in 1954. That does not mean that African Americans have always won at the Su-preme Court level, but they have al-ways had reason to believe that there was a court of last resort that would be open to them. We no longer would have that sense of openness to their views if Brett Kavanaugh becomes the nominee put 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.100 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6253 July 16, 2018 
forward in this session. We have seen no evidence that he would adhere to equal protection of the laws. I will cite some examples that illus-trate where his views in his cases lead that he would not protect the long-held holding of the courts that no American can be arrested without probable cause, that he would not protect even the sep-aration of powers, and that he would not uphold the rights of Americans to qualify for affordable healthcare. All of those notions have a dispropor-tionate effect on African Americans, though they affect every American in the United States. Remember, Judge Kavanaugh would be appointed to a Court that already has a majority appointed by Repub-lican Presidents. Yet, while sitting on the D.C. court of appeals, he has distin-guished himself by seeking to overturn long-existing precedent, even when members of that court, also appointed by Republican Presidents, have dis-agreed with him. Let me give an example in an area of criminal law. We now see African Americans in the streets protesting overzealous law en-forcement because African American men have been shot and killed and peo-ple go to the streets because, if you can’t get justice to the courts, that is all they have. b2030 Yet, Judge Kavanaugh has suggested that it is appropriate for the probable cause standard to be more ‘‘flexible.’’ Why? Virtually no police have indeed been indicted, even given the evidence of Af-rican Americans shot down in the streets. Why do we need to narrow the ancient probable cause requirement? He has indicated that police searches without a warrant or individualized suspicion should be allowed. He has even praised narrowing the rights long ago afforded to all defendants against incriminatory statements against themselves. How deep does that go in American constitutional law? How dan-gerous would it be to have a justice who would question the right against self incrimination? Judge Kavanaugh’s extreme views also show no respect for the funda-mental right of women to make deci-sions about their own bodies, even though, 45 years ago, the Supreme Court itself established the right to abortion. That is a controversial right in our country, but it has withstood the test of time. Let me offer an indication from a re-cent decision by Brett Kavanaugh, which his own court had to overturn, that shows he has no respect for prece-dent. That is perhaps our chief issue with this nominee. Precedent must be respected or else we are all open to whatever Congress or the Court wants to do. A young woman, immigrant, undocu-mented, sought an abortion. As it turns out, she had gone through the most rigorous of requirements, those re-quired by Texas, because that is where she entered the country. This matter came to the D.C. court of appeals, how-ever. Judge Kavanaugh found, with the time running—remember, if abortions are to be performed, they are to be per-formed, according to the Supreme Court, as early as possible—found that more time was needed because she needed a sponsor, something that the Supreme Court has never required, in order for that abortion to occur. The court overturned Judge Kavanaugh’s opinion. Look how dangerous it would have been. She could have gone past the 12-week, the 15-week, the 20-week deadline, which the House has approved on occasion. These are rights not to be tampered with, but he has already tampered with them on the court of appeals. This court, the Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia—and I won’t go into all the cases—has shown that he is an executive-oriented justice. That is to say, whatever the President wants, the President gets. This is the court that looks at most administrative law deci-sions before they go anywhere else. Kavanaugh tried to strike down the net neutrality rule. Now, that is con-troversial here in Congress. But the basis he used for the courts to do it, the majority said—remember, this is a majority which our Republican Presi-dent has appointed—the majority noted that the dissent was, using their words, ‘‘misconceived’’ because Kavanaugh claimed a First Amend-ment protection for large internet service providers never found by any court, and certainly not the Supreme Court but found to be, again, by his Re-publican colleagues on the D.C. Circuit, to be ‘‘counterintuitive.’’ I cannot go through each and every one of Judge Kavanaugh’s decisions here, but I must point to perhaps his most extreme opinion. In a decision on the Affordable Care Act, this is what a jurist in the United States of America said, and I quote: ‘‘Under the Constitution, the Presi-dent may decline to enforce a statute that regulates private individuals when the President deems the statute uncon-stitutional, even if a court has held or would hold the statute constitutional.’’ That is bold. It says that the Presi-dent may choose to rise above the law and enforce a law even if found uncon-stitutional. The Congress of the United States should not be willing to go along with this. I cite a case on my side of an issue but surely you can see the implications for yours. The President is supposed to make sure to ‘‘take care that the laws are faithfully executed.’’ To faithfully exe-cute that law, you would have to en-force whatever the Congress or the Courts had found. Of course, most concerning for many is his view of the special counsel where he has opined that it may be unconsti-tutional, and there is every reason to believe that he may well believe that Mueller’s special counsel role should be struck down. A Republican President is entitled to a Republican nominee. He is not enti-tled to a nominee whose opinions fly in the face of the law for the last 75 years. Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s long list of opinions mark an extreme departure from established American constitu-tional and other law. We ask that every effort be made to oppose a man who would ignore established prece-dent, even precedent that his own con-servative colleagues agree with, and who, I believe, cannot uphold the law fairly to protect the rights of all Amer-ican citizens. We believe that the first to feel the effect of such a nominee would be the millions of Americans who are of Afri-can American ancestry whom the Con-gressional Black Caucus represents. I thank my good friend, again, from New York, for permitting me to go on at length about some of the precedents I have discovered that I thought would be particularly troubling, not only to the African American community, but to the American people. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia for her scholarship, her legal acumen, and really providing a snapshot—because I am sure there are many more troubling decisions that you have uncovered—but giving us this snapshot into the break-ing of norms that this nominee pre-sents to the American people. It is really important that we do ev-erything within our power to educate and inform the public so that they can make an informed choice in terms of how they would like to proceed in ap-pealing to the United States Congress, which has the authority for the nomi-nation process. At this time, again, I would like to thank the gentlewoman. Mr. Speaker, I yield now to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ), who is my classmate and a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for the time today to address this august body. Let me first compliment the gentle-woman from Washington, D.C., Con-gresswoman E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON , a true legal scholar, a legal patriot, and a fighter for justice throughout her life. Mr. Speaker, I want to issue this quote to you: ‘‘No President has ever consulted more widely or talked with more people from more backgrounds to seek input about a Supreme Court nomination.’’ Mr. Speaker, those were the first words spoken by Supreme Court nomi-nee Brett Kavanaugh, introduced to the American people during President Trump’s prime-time reality show an-nouncement this past Monday night. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to voice my deep concerns regarding the Presi-dent’s nomination of Judge Kavanaugh 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.113 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6254 July 16, 2018 
for a lifetime appointment to the Su-preme Court of the United States of America. It is more than a little dis-quieting that the first thing to come from a newly named Supreme Court nominee’s mouth was a demonstrably false statement claiming that the search to replace retiring Justice An-thony Kennedy was one of the most far-reaching and thorough in the his-tory of the republic. The truth is, Mr. Speaker, that Presi-dent Trump nominated Brett Kavanaugh from a preapproved list of prospective right-wing ideologue nomi-nees prepared by the extremist Herit-age Foundation, in consultation with the cultish right-wing Federalist Soci-ety, each of those nominees having been certified as having passed the Federalist Society, Heritage Founda-tion litmus test on overturning Roe v. Wade and striking down critical pro-tections in our current healthcare sys-tem. Just 10 days after Justice Kennedy announced his retirement, Judge Kavanaugh makes the absurd state-ment that no President has ever con-sulted more widely or talked with more people from more backgrounds to seek input about a Supreme Court nomina-tion. We have come to expect knowing false Trumpian statements from the President’s employees, his doctor, com-munications directors, his press secre-taries, but not from a nominee for the branch of government designated to be a check on his administration. In just a few words, Judge Kavanaugh aligned himself with the likes of erst-while press secretary Sean Spicer, who claimed that Trump’s inauguration crowd was larger than Obama’s. He put himself in the same league with the disgraced doctor who felt it necessary to tell the world the spurious claim that the President was the healthiest human being in world history. That a distinguished Federal appel-late judge felt the need to debase him-self with obvious untruths just mo-ments after his nomination to the highest court in the land was an-nounced should cause each and every one of us to fear that a Justice Kavanaugh would willingly prostrate himself before a demanding President if called upon to do so. Moreover, each and every one of us has good cause to believe that the nom-ination of Judge Kavanaugh is a bla-tant attempt by President Trump to dominate the judiciary. b2045 A President with the power and the predisposition to place his heavy hand on the delicate scales of justice would inevitably lead our dear Nation to the precipice of a constitutional crisis. That is why it is of such concern to me that nominee Kavanaugh felt it nec-essary to flatter this insecure Presi-dent during their prime time reality show at the White House last week. In Washington, we talk a lot about the balance of powers, but at home, in Georgia, we feel it. We feel the 5–4 Shelby decision striking down impor-tant parts of the Voting Rights Act. We feel Roe v. Wade guaranteeing women the right to choose. We feel Citizens United. And we feel Brown v. Board of Education. We recall the power of the courts to decide so much more than in-dividual cases. We have seen its ability to change the course of history. When one considers the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in the case of Plessy v. Fer-guson, we know firsthand that the U.S. Supreme Court can turn the American Dream into the American nightmare. Without digressing, I must point out that to conclude that a sycophantic debut is where Judge Kavanaugh’s problems begin and end would be dan-gerously naive. The briefest of exami-nations of his record reveals numerous positions contrary to the values held by most Americans. He has opposed EPA protections, workers’ rights, consumer protections, and the right to choose. And his per-sonal statements call to question his ability to be an independent check on the President, such as his declarations that investigations of presidents should be deferred while that president is in office, and his opinion that a sit-ting president is immune from crimi-nal charges. These statements should be particu-larly troubling for all Americans, as the Supreme Court may soon be called upon to consider whether President Trump can be subpoenaed to appear be-fore a Federal grand jury, or whether a sitting president can be indicted. Our democracy will need an unbiased and principled Supreme Court functioning at its finest, with due respect for the rule of law, when that time comes, and a justice who has prejudged, as Judge Kavanaugh has, would jeopardize that responsibility. To avoid any appearance of impro-priety, the Senate should not consider a Supreme Court appointment from a president who is under the cloud of in-vestigation for conspiracy to violate the law and the obstruction of that in-vestigation. Judge Kavanaugh’s state-ments clearly make him suspect, and his confirmation would undermine the credibility of the Nation’s highest court and impugn that court’s ability to protect public confidence in the rule of law. With this cloud hanging over Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, it is nec-essary that the Senate refrain and keep with its tradition and follow the McConnell rule. Elections are less than 4 months away and we should allow the American people to speak at the ballot box before the Senate is asked to con-firm a nominee for the highest court in the land. The delay would help ensure that Justice Kennedy’s replacement is free from suspicion and bias and the in-ability to appreciate balance of powers concerns. Judge Kavanaugh has gone beyond his clear proclivity for being an activ-ist judge out of line with the rest of the country. He has revealed himself to be beholden to another branch of govern-ment, which would imperil our Con-stitution’s delicate balance of powers. Americans deserve a United States Supreme Court justice who is up to the task of protecting the rule of law with-out fear or favor, and, unfortunately, Judge Kavanaugh’s appointment is ill- considered, ill-timed, and should not move forward. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the Fourth District of Georgia for shar-ing his analysis this evening. Indeed, he has raised some very important points that we need to consider and that I would like the American people to consider. There is a McConnell rule. That rule held up the nomination of Merrick Gar-land for almost a year. The context which that was done was that appar-ently there were going to be elections down the road and the American people should speak. Well, here we are less than 5 months out before there will be an election here in the United States of America. I think the people have an opportunity, and should use that opportunity through their franchise, to register their concerns about this nomination process. Nearly 150 years ago, Black Ameri-cans were granted the right to vote. It will be another 100 years before people of color could freely vote in every State, county, and city in the United States of America. We have fought tooth and nail for the most sacred power in America—the power to vote— and now that power is being challenged with the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. In 2012, Judge Kavanaugh wrote an opinion that upheld South Carolina’s restrictive voter ID laws, despite know-ing they would disenfranchise voters and disproportionately harm people of color. Voter ID laws are another thinly veiled attempt at preventing people of color from participating in elections. Kavanaugh’s support of these laws show what side of history he is on. This isn’t the only questionable deci-sion he has made regarding race rela-tions. He has a long history of con-cerning decisions and writings. In 1989, Kavanaugh published his first piece of legal writing challenging a Su-preme Court ruling that barred pros-ecutors from excluding jurists based on race. Imagine that: 1989. Kavanaugh also wrote a brief for the Center for Equal Opportunity, a con-servative think tank that opposed af-firmative action and opposed the issue in a number of different court cases. Kavanaugh is also a firm supporter of the NSA, and its surveilling techniques that have been known to disproportion-ately target people of color. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.102 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6255 July 16, 2018 
The NAACP opposed Kavanaugh’s nomination to the D.C. Circuit Court, and their concerns were only strength-ened by his proven track record of only supporting the already wealthy and powerful. In 2000, Kavanaugh was on the legal team that helped stop the Florida re-count and secure the Bush Presidency. Just last year, Kavanaugh wrote a dissenting opinion concerning whether a pregnant 17-year-old being held by immigration authorities was allowed to leave their custody to obtain an abortion. We are not dealing with someone who is a mystery here. It is very clear where he stands in terms of turning back the hands of time. And, as my col-leagues have already stated, his opin-ions have been so far to the right of even a Republican D.C. Circuit Court, that it is alarming that at a time when we need justice at the Supreme Court level that is blind, that will advance humankind, this is the nominee, the nominee that was put forth by the Her-itage Foundation, the nominee that is a part of the Federalist society: very telling. Well, let me just say this: In Texas, the court ruled in agreement that that teenager, who was seeking an abortion, was legally entitled to access it. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I will just say a few remarks. As a Black woman, I know how critical the Supreme Court is to American liberty and freedom. It was the Supreme Court that ended seg-regation with Brown v. Board of Edu-cation, ended the process of poll taxes and voter suppression with Harper v. Virginia State Board of Elections, and has continued to stand up for American justice when Donald Trump and our Congress could not. The legacy of this great institution will crumble if we confirm Brett Kavanaugh to the Su-preme Court. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congressional Black Caucus and Con-gresswoman Y
VETTE CLARKE for anchoring this important Special Order. On the 150th Anniversary of the ratification of the 14th Amendment, a landmark moment for progress and equality, the President an-nounced his nominee to fill a seat on the high-est court in the land. Unfortunately, however, the search for the next jurist to take a seat on the United States Supreme Court resembled a circus and I am concerned that the person selected, Brett Kavanaugh, will be antagonistic and hostile to the progress that the 14th Amendment has helped achieve. As a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee, I am appalled by the manner in which the President is pursuing this solemn obligation and concerned by the choice this process may yield. The President has used the levers of his of-fice to divide, rather than unite. The Supreme Court is not just any court. In our great Republic, it is the tribunal of last resort and routinely resolves constitutional questions of first impression. The American people rely on it to interpret some of society’s most difficult policy con-cerns, and to correct the excesses of the pop-ularly-elected branches. The nature of the Court requires justices, not ideologues, and individuals who have in-tegrity and empathy. This is why this task requires seriousness and solemnity, and not spectacle. Instead, this process resembled a circus: contenders were selected based on their abil-ity to pass a litmus test of a narrow perspec-tive of conservativism which limits justice; a group of judges, similar in background, train-ing and experience, curated by the hyper-con-servative Federalist Society; and, a heavily- promoted, prime time television announce-ment, replete with different frontrunner can-didates on different days. Given this reality, Americans are rightly con-cerned that the President’s jurist selection to one of this country’s three coequal branches of government is being outsourced to the whims of a narrow ideological and partisan or-ganization when, in actuality, a seat on the Supreme Court should be reserved for only the most profound jurists in the nation. By great numbers, the American people support reform in any number of areas. In a time of mass incarceration and over-crowded prisons, a poll conducted earlier this year by a Republican-leaning organization in-dicates that over three-quarters of the Amer-ican people support significant criminal justice reform. Americans are also skeptical of comments made by this President, advocating for the deprivation of due process rights for a variety of individuals, from refugees seeking safety within our borders, to those already here, charged with crimes. Indeed, a poll commissioned by the Bucknell Institute for Public Policy within the last year reveals broad and deep support for due process rights. In a time when our political parties appear polarized, 67 percent of Democrats, 77 per-cent of Republicans and 67 percent of Inde-pendents support due process for individuals who face serious criminal charges. Last, the Supreme Court is also the tribunal that resolves major questions about the form and contours of our federal government, in-cluding sensitive questions like ‘‘can a sitting president pardon himself?’’ or ‘‘can a sitting president be indicted?’’ In fact, for over the past year of this Presi-dent’s administration, the country has been forced to consider these questions as it learned that the Russians interfered with the 2016 presidential election and associates of the president may have abetted that endeavor. Recent polls indicate that, by clear margins, the American people do not believe the Presi-dent is above the law or that a president can pardon himself. It is vital that this extremely influential posi-tion is filled by someone who subscribes to these core principles. Brett Kavanaugh, however, has dem-onstrated a long-standing record of troubling opinions, including the beliefs that: the presi-dent is above the law and should never be criminally indicted; the Affordable Care Act should be dismantled; religious expression trumps individuals’ right to health coverage for birth control; access to abortion should be di-minished; and Obama-era environmental regu-lations should be rolled back. The Supreme Court is also required to ex-amine contemporary policies through the prism of our nation’s long history. In that regard, the ongoing struggle for civil rights cannot be subjugated as a priority of a nation seeking to bind the wounds of the slav-ery, the Civil War and its vestiges. The next jurist will replace a Supreme Court justice who recognized the importance of af-firmative action as a necessary means to help heal the scars of segregation and Jim Crow. The next jurist will likely be required to fur-ther calibrate the balance of power between labor unions and their employing entities. Given the importance of these and other issues, like voting rights, reproductive rights, the rights of the LGBTQ community, and countless others, scholars of the Supreme Court and others who believe the Court is the arbiter of fair justice are looking to this nomi-nation and are looking for a jurist who will dis-pense justice which is not one-sided or tilts to the right, but rather fair justice. As I stated before the nomination, I call upon the United States Senate to reject any nominee that is a well-documented ideologue and to nonetheless probatively, seriously, and deeply question whether and how this jurist could damage rights of minorities, women, children, and society’s most vulnerable. When confronted with a replacement to the Supreme Court’s swing vote, this President has chosen an ideologue and a foot soldier of the Republican Party and the conservative movement. Among other swing decisions, Justice Ken-nedy acted as the deciding vote in almost every reproductive health case since his con-firmation, including casting the deciding vote to ensure abortion remained legal in Planned Parenthood v. Casey in 1992. The President has stated numerous times that he will appoint someone who will reverse Roe v. Wade, and many anti-choice groups have rallied behind Judge Kavanaugh’s nomi-nation. In addition to women’s rights and health care, other paramount issues are on the line, such as voting rights and affirmative action. Bedrock civil rights principles such as Brown v. Board of Education could be at stake. To be sure, Brett Kavanaugh has very good credentials but an undistinguished record as a jurist on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. But it is not his credentials or his pedigree that is worrisome. Rather, throughout his entire career—as a deputy in the right-wing crusade against Presi-dent Bill Clinton during the 1990s, as a polit-ical operative fighting against the statewide re-count in Florida in 2000, paving the way for the Supreme Court’s decision in Bush v. Gore, and as a conservative stalwart on the coun-try’s most important federal appellate court— Brett Kavanaugh has used his talents in the service of decidedly and uncompromisingly re-actionary causes. I urge the United States Senate to reject this nomination and send this President a message: select a nominee that will not politi-cize the Court and one who will protect the rights of minorities, women, children, and soci-ety’s most vulnerable. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.104 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6256 July 16, 2018 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. G OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is al-ways an honor to be here. It is an honor to speak in this historic room where Franklin D. Roosevelt stood right there, though back then it was a white marble podium at which he stood, and asked for a declaration of war after Pearl Harbor. He went on to join forces with a despicable man named Stalin, who killed millions upon millions of people, and he didn’t hide it very well. b2100 For those who knew how destructive Stalin had been, how truly evil he was, it was quite a blow for people to see Franklin Roosevelt as President of the United States, where we believe in freedom, sit and smile and pal around with one of the worst mass murderers in the history of the world named Sta-lin, starving millions upon millions in Ukraine. I mean, for heaven’s sake, in World War II, they didn’t relieve Poland of oppression from Nazi Germany. They took over the oppression of Poland from Nazi Germany. There were some, one remarkable General named Patton, who understood how dangerous the communist dictator was. But so many have been miseducated over the years, the last 40 years. I saw the beginnings of it in the 1970s when I was in school, how wonder-ful socialism was, how wonderful com-munism was. But that was just a very small minority, because most Ameri-cans understood—they had been prop-erly educated growing up—how great our freedom is, how unusual it is, and that it doesn’t last forever, that it takes constant defense. Again, the comment by Benjamin Franklin, when asked: What you have given us? He said: ‘‘A republic, madam, if you can keep it,’’ because it doesn’t endure forever. As I have met with people around the world, from Togo, Nigeria, all across the Middle East and Asia, even the lit-tle Maldives islands, remote islands in the Philippines, all the way across to America, around the world, it is amaz-ing how many people see America as their only hope for having peace in this life. Franklin Roosevelt felt like the threat of Nazi Germany justified his actions in joining forces with an evil, terrorist dictator, a mass murderer like Stalin. But he also joined forces with Winston Churchill, who also could see the rising threat of communism through Russia. But now, not so many see the threat anymore. Yes, the President is over there in Helsinki today, talking to Vladimir Putin. In my conversation with him about over a year and a half ago, he certainly understood the threat that Russia is to us. But so is misinformation about what is real, what is true. And I was listen-ing to some of my colleagues before me. I have been listening to people on the news talking about Judge Kavanaugh. Frankly, he was not my first choice out of those who the Presi-dent could have chosen. To say slavery would be coming back if he goes on the Supreme Court, I heard that. Actually, if he were to go to the Supreme Court, it appears pret-ty clear he would try to help the Court be slaves to the Constitution instead of their own shadows of penumbras that things need to be in the Constitution. Until it is amended, we have to go by what is there. I have heard ongoing, constant claims that voters and votes will be de-nied, and I would have to agree that they will for all of those who attempt to vote illegally. That is what voter ID is about. My understanding was, after voter ID went into place, Alabama, Georgia, where I understood that sta-tistics were kept, well, the numbers of voters went up dramatically for mi-norities. It didn’t hurt minority vot-ing. But what it certainly did do is en-sure better integrity in the outcome of votes. I recall hearing one night David Brinkley talking, I believe, to Tom Brokaw, and he was encouraged to tell about a story he heard Lyndon Johnson tell. He said, you know, back then, be-fore Watergate, reporters were close, big buddies with the President, and he would come down sometimes and sit in the press room, plop his boots up on a desk, scratching his belly, and having a beer, and told a story, in essence, of when he ran for Congress. He was out in the cemetery with his campaign manager before the election, late at night. They were writing down the names on the tombstones of people who would be voting in his election. They came to one that was just such a mess, moss and all kinds of crud on the tombstone. The campaign manager said, come on, Lyndon, let’s just move to the next one. He grabbed his cam-paign manager and said, no, sir. This man has every bit as much a right to vote as anybody else in this cemetery. Well, everybody laughed. Except if you read about what happened in Duval County during his election, you would begin to think that perhaps was a first-hand, true story. Whether humorous or not, there are so many examples of fraudulent voting. I know people keep saying, oh, gee, there is no such thing. But that is gar-bage. There is plenty of fraud in votes in America. Of course, as long as you can prevent people from having IDs like you have to have to get into the Department of Justice when Eric Holder was the At-torney General, when Loretta Lynch was Attorney General—currently, you couldn’t get into the Democratic Na-tional Convention without a proper government ID. Anyway, photo IDs are pretty rou-tine. You have to have them to get cigarettes, alcohol. You have to have them to do much of anything, to cash a check. Because of rulings by the Supreme Court, you have to make an accommo-dation for those who couldn’t afford to pay for a photo ID. Then they can get them for free. So it just seems like a lot of scare tactics being used. Donald Trump was not my first choice in the election, but one of the things I have noticed, if he loses on something, he is going to come back and try to make the people who caused the unnecessary and inappropriate loss wish they hadn’t forced that loss, like in this situation, perhaps. If the scare tactics about slavery coming back—and I know we will be hearing a lot of the Bork lines. We are already hearing some of the Bork lines that were lies about Judge Bork. Some of those, since they worked to lie about Judge Bork, they may work to lie about Kavanaugh, so we will probably be hearing some of those resurrected. But I can’t help but wonder if all these lies said about Kavanaugh were successful as they were about Bork, wow, I just wonder about the next per-son that President Trump might ap-point. I can hear people walking out of this Chamber someday, saying maybe it seemed pretty clear we should have let Kavanaugh go through, because he really wasn’t as bad as we said he was. But that will be an interesting time down the road. I didn’t plan to talk about Judge Kavanaugh, but he seems like a very decent man. Wow, the attacks on a de-cent family man, Catholic, caring man, it is just amazing how far things have come in America. But I think it is important, with all the screams about Russia, to under-stand Russia and the former Soviet Union were, indeed, a grave threat to the United States. McCarthy was partially right. He went much too far, and he got very abusive, but there was a threat. He just went too far, became too abusive, and we don’t need that. Let me parenthetically insert that there is nothing abusive about ques-tioning a serial liar about how he be-came so good at serial lying. Infidelity is not particularly an issue, not rel-evant, really. It is relevant to security clearances, certainly, because that can make somebody vulnerable to being turned by foreign intelligence. But for purposes of our hearings, like before the Judiciary Committee, credi-bility is always relevant. When a per-son has been a serial liar, that is rel-evant in whatever context he became a serial liar. There is an article by Steven Allen dated June 23, 2018. ‘‘Political leaders and journalists are deeply concerned about Russian med-dling in U.S. elections. Took ‘em long enough. The Russians have been med-dling in U.S. elections for at least 70 years. ‘‘In 1948, the Progressive Party’’— there are some I know who are think-ing the Democratic Party should change their name to Progressive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.105 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6257 July 16, 2018 
Party, and there are those advocating such things. They like to informally call themselves the progressives. But, ‘‘In 1948, the Progressive Party, front for the Soviet-controlled Com-munist Party, ran former Vice Presi-dent Henry Wallace as its Presidential candidate. Wallace arguably threw the election to President Truman by at-tacking him, undercutting Repub-licans’ claims that Truman was ‘soft’ on the Russians.’’ This is a quote from October 21, 1956: ‘‘President Eisenhower today accused Soviet Premier Nikolai A. Bulganin of meddling in the American election campaign,’’ the United Press reported. Again, that is October 21, 1956. ‘‘Bulganin had suggested that Demo-cratic nominee Adlai Stevenson was more likely to get an agreement halt-ing H-bomb tests. That, Eisenhower said, constituted ‘interference by a for-eign nation in our internal affairs . . . in the midst of a national election campaign.’ ‘‘Historian Bruce Dearstyne reported that the Russian Ambassador in 1960 invited Stevenson’’—that is Adlai Ste-venson ‘‘to the Embassy, ‘plied’ him with ‘drinks, caviar, and fruit,’ and of-fered to back him if he would run for President again. Stevenson rejected the offer.’’ That was the Russian Ambassador in 1960, clearly attempting to interfere. ‘‘Nikita Khrushchev, the Soviet Pre-mier in 1960, bragged in his memoirs that, ‘By waiting to release the U–2 pilot Gary Powers until after the American election, we kept Nixon from being able to claim that he could deal with the Russians; our ploy made a dif-ference of at least half a million votes, which gave Kennedy the edge he need-ed.’’’ So you got Nikita Khrushchev brag-ging that he got John F. Kennedy elected. I am not saying that. I am just reading what is historically available. ‘‘In 1968, under orders from Moscow, the Soviet U.S. Ambassador Anatoly Dobrynin offered to secretly fund Hu-bert Humphrey’s Presidential cam-paign. The offer was made during a breakfast at Humphrey’s home. Dobrynin wrote in his memoirs that Humphrey declined the offer, saying, ‘It was more than enough for him to have Moscow’s good wishes, which he highly appreciated.’’’ That was the 1960s Democratic Party hero Hubert Humphrey. ‘‘In 1976, Senator Henry ‘Scoop’ Jack-son, a strong anti-Communist, ran for President. The Russians sent forged FBI letters to journalists claiming that Jackson was a closeted homosexual.’’ Of course, today, that would probably get him elected, but in 1976, not so helpful. b2115 Also in 1976, the Russians had a spy among top Democratic Party activists, who participated in a 3-hour strategy session with Governor Jerry Brown of California and presidential candidate Jimmy Carter. In 1984, The Heritage Foundation issued a report: ‘‘How Moscow Meddles in the West’s Elections.’’ ‘‘’Last year the Soviets tried to influ-ence elections in West Germany and Britain,’ Heritage reported. ‘And this year, it is America’s turn. For months, Moscow’s statements and actions have been aimed at defeating Ronald Reagan.’ Methods included manipula-tion of the peace movement, threat-ening statements, and ‘direct appeals’ to voters including ‘mass demonstra-tions.’ Russian meddling was so fre-quent that the West German chancellor commented, ‘One was used to this sort of thing.’ ‘‘As far as I can tell, the report ex-posing Russian meddling received no news coverage. ‘‘Political scientists Lawrence Caldwell and Robert Levgold pointed out that the Russians had begun to focus on such tactics as looking for ‘ex-ploitable differences in the opposing camp’ and appealing to the people ‘over the heads of their government.’ ‘‘U.S. media during this time gave lots of exposure to Americans who by-passed the government to commu-nicate directly with the Russians. For example, a 10-year-old girl from Maine, who wrote a pro-peace letter to Rus-sian leader Yuri Andropov, was given her own Disney Channel program about politics, ‘Samantha Smith Goes to Washington.’ ‘‘Among those seeking to work with the Russians was U.S. Senator Edward Kennedy, Democrat from Massachu-setts, brother of martyred President John F. Kennedy and Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy. According to a KGB memo,’’—of course, this has been news years ago—‘‘Kennedy passed along a plan for countering President Reagan by creating pro-Russia news coverage and bringing Soviet officials to the United States to ‘appeal directly to the American people.’’’ KGB Chief Viktor Chebrikov wrote, ‘‘’The Senator underlined the impor-tance that this initiative should be seen as coming from the American side.’ ‘‘In a 2015 article, Politifact’’ which I can’t give a lot of credence to, ‘‘quoted Ken Adelman, Reagan’s deputy U.N. ambassador, explaining that the Reagan Administration ignored the Kennedy overture because ‘We knew Senators were doing this sort of thing all the time.’ ‘‘Russian meddling declined after the Cold War, then resumed. ‘‘‘Occupy Wall Street’ protests,’’— and this is important news—‘‘‘Occupy Wall Street’ protests, beginning in 2011, were heavily supported by the Rus-sians, as noted in a report by U.S. in-telligence agencies: ‘RT’s, Russia Today, Editor in Chief . . . character-ized RT’s coverage of the Occupy Wall Street movement as ‘information war-fare’ that is aimed at promoting pop-ular dissatisfaction with the U.S. gov-ernment. RT created a Facebook app to connect Occupy Wall Street protesters via social media,’ and ‘RT featured its own hosts in Occupy rallies.’’’ Obviously in 2011 and 2012—this isn’t in the article—but obviously the Rus-sians were playing heavily in that elec-tion, and we had a President named Obama that could have done something to stop the Russians from trying to throw the election to the Obama cam-paign by harming the Republicans and helping the Occupy Wall Street move-ment, but the Obama administration did nothing of the sort. Back to the article, it says, ‘‘At least since 2011, the Russians have funneled money to groups in the United States and Europe opposed to fracking, which threatens Russia’s dominance in oil and gas.’’ And in fairness with regard to the Russian funding efforts to stop the fracking that has made the United States the biggest oil producer, those efforts weren’t entirely Russian. Yes, our ability to produce more oil has di-rectly harmed Russia, but it has also hurt the Middle East. And you can find that there were programs and videos funded by people in the Middle East to scare Americans to put them against fracking so that Russia and the Middle East could go back to being where most of the oil was coming from. Anyway, this article says, ‘‘To do this,’’ talking about opposing fracking, the Russians ‘‘use a network of front organizations that include corpora-tions, law firms, and nonprofit groups, with some of the money getting into the United States through Bermuda. ‘‘Facing criticism from Republicans over his soft-on-Putin policies, Presi-dent Obama sought during his 2012 re-election campaign, to avoid confronta-tion with the Russians.’’ Of course, inserted parenthetically here, when he knew the Russians were helping his campaign and hurting Mitt Romney’s campaign, then, of course, maybe that played into his decision not to try to stop the Russians med-dling in the U.S. election. ‘‘The Russians cooperated. In March 2012, Obama was heard on an open microphone telling Putin sidekick Dmitry Medvedev that he would ‘have more flexibility’ after the election but ‘it’s important for him to give me space.’ Medvedev replied: ‘I will trans-mit this information to Vladimir, and I stand with you.’’’ So maybe that had something to do with the Obama administration not wanting to confront Russia about their meddling, because they were meddling on behalf of Obama. In any event, the article says, ‘‘Time and time again, Russia meddled. It was, ‘the experts’ said, something we were used to, something that happened all the time, no big deal. Then, one day, Democrats need an excuse for los-ing an election. And everything changed.’’ So an interesting article there by Steven J. Allen, June 23. Mr. Speaker, it is rather tragic that we had a hearing on Friday: I didn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.107 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6258 July 16, 2018 
violate the rules of the House; many of my Democratic colleagues did. You are not supposed to interrupt, rudely inter-rupt another Member’s time, con-stantly yelling, He needs to take his meds. That is a violation of the rule. I didn’t call anybody on the rule viola-tions. But it is certainly not a violation of the House rules—and I hope my col-leagues will understand—when a wit-ness is sitting there lying through his teeth, it is permissible to call him ex-actly what he is: a liar; in Strzok’s case, a serial liar. I saw it during his closed-door testi-mony. Some of us talked about this guy, he looked so good, you know, he looked like he could pass any poly-graph test. And then I find out, well, actually, he had a couple of deceptions indicated along the way, but appar-ently he had people inside the FBI helping keep him in his top position as one of the top leaders. So apparently he wasn’t quite as good at lying as I thought he was. But we have got to get back to being seekers of truth and not deniers of the opportunity to find it. I mean, our whole civilization stands on the brink of an end when young peo-ple today in such big numbers think these activities of socialism, progres-sivism, communism, that those are good, healthy things. There is only one way you can have socialism or communism: you have got to have dictatorial powers in the hands of either a dictator or a committee and there has got to be very little freedom. The government will let you have free-dom, and they will take it away, with every right to do that. This is such an anomaly we have here in the United States. People around the world, and I am not talking about the talking heads in the media and Eu-rope, the EU, Britain, some of the other places, I am talking about people that live in these countries day to day all over the world, so many see us as their chance for some peace in this life. Quoting before, but a man named Ebenezer in Togo, Africa, said: You know, our group here, we are Chris-tians. We know where we go when we die, but our only chance of having peace in this life is if America is strong. Tell leaders in Washington, stop allowing America to get weaker and weaker. Trump wants to see this country get strong. Some of them said how, as a Christian, could you support a guy like Trump, as he had been involved in infi-delity in the past. I have people sling that my way. But the Bible addresses such a thing. You know, it talks about: When I was a child, I spoke as a child— that was the Apostle Paul—but when I became an adult, I put aside childish things. And when Donald J. Trump was a Democrat and hung around Bill Clin-ton, he talked like Bill Clinton, he acted like Bill Clinton. So I forgive him. I would like to do anything we can in this body to help make America stronger so those people, those souls crying out around the world for a strong America so they have a chance at peace will indeed have a chance at peace. We have been given a gift. That is something scripture also addresses: ‘‘To whom much is given, of him much will be required.’’ We have got to do better than this, but there is nothing ever wrong with facing a liar and calling him a liar. And the only thing worse than a se-rial liar at a hearing in the U.S. Cap-itol is when the serial liar that has damaged the country, hopefully not ir-reparably, but damaged it badly, tries to make himself a victim. We have had enough of that. Let’s get back to truth. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 27 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2157 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) at 9 o’clock and 57 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6147, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–830) on the resolution (H. Res. 996) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
HOUSE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
April 11, 2018: H.R. 1865. An Act to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforce-ment against providers and users of inter-active computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex-ual exploitation of children or sex traf-ficking, and for other purposes. April 13, 2018: H.R. 4547. An Act to amend titles II, VILE, and XVI of the Social Security Act to im-prove and strengthen the representative pay-ment program. April 23, 2018: H.R. 3445. An Act to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of pro-grams under the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act and the Millennium Challenge Corporation, and for other purposes. H.R. 3979. An Act to amend the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 to reauthorize the volun-teer services, community partnership, and refuge education programs of the National Wildlife Refuge System, and for other pur-poses. May 7, 2018: H.R. 4300. An Act to authorize Pacific His-toric Parks to establish a commemorative display to honor members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pa-cific Theater of World War II, and for other Purposes. May 22, 2018: H.R. 3210. An Act to require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bu-reau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations, and for other purposes. June 1, 2018: H.R. 3562. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for ad-aptations of residences of veterans in reha-bilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes. H.R. 4009. An Act to authorize the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution to plan, design, and construct a central parking facility on National Zoological Park prop-erty in the District of Columbia. June 15, 2018: H.R. 3663. An Act to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. H.R. 4910. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial recep-tacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes. June 18, 2018: H.R. 3249. An Act to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes. June 21, 2018: H.R. 1900. An Act to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum, and for other purposes. H.R. 2333. An Act to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies. H.R. 2772. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements re-lating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees. H.R. 4743. An Act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. June 22, 2018: H.R. 1397. An Act to authorize, direct, fa-cilitate, and expedite the transfer of admin-istrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and for other purposes H.R. 1719. An Act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to acquire approxi-mately 44 acres of land in Martinez, Cali-fornia, for inclusion in the John Muir Na-tional Historic Site, and for other purposes. July 7, 2018: H.R. 931. An Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. H.R. 2229. An Act to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.108 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6259 July 16, 2018 
for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relating to whis-tleblowers, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE BILLS AND JOINT RESO-LUTION APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills and a joint resolution of the Senate of the following titles: 
April 13, 2018: S. 772. An Act to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants. April 30, 2018: S. 167. An Act to designate a National Me-morial to Fallen Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas. May 9, 2018: S. 447. An Act to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues. May 21, 2018: S.J. Res. 57. An Act providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection re-lating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Com-pliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’. May 24, 2018: S. 2155. An Act to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. May 25, 2018: S. 35. An Act to transfer administrative ju-risdiction over certain Bureau of Land Man-agement land from the Secretary of the Inte-rior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Ceme-tery, and for other purposes. May 30, 2018: S. 204. An Act to authorize the use of unap-proved medical products by patients diag-nosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. June 1, 2018: S. 1285. An Act to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Con-federated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of In-dians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease or transfer certain lands. June 5, 2018: S. 292. An Act to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. S. 1282. An Act to redesignate certain clin-ics of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated in Montana. June 6, 2018: S. 2372. An Act to establish a permanent community care program for veterans, to es-tablish a commission for the purpose of mak-ing recommendations regarding the mod-ernization or realignment of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration, to improve construction of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes. June 25, 2018: S. 1869. An Act to reauthorize and rename the position of Whistleblower Ombudsman to be the Whistleblower Protection Coordi-nator. S. 2246. An Act to designate the health care center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Sergeant Er-nest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic, and for other purposes. July 7, 2018: S. 1091. An Act to establish a Federal Advi-sory Council to Support Grandparents Rais-ing Grandchildren. f LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. A
DERHOLT (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of a family obligation. Mr. P
OEof Texas (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on ac-count of travel delay due to weather. Ms. J
ACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of of-ficial business. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 58 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, July 17, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second quar-ter of 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JENNIFER A. HEMINGWAY, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAY 24 AND MAY 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Jennifer A. Hemingway ............................................ 5 /25 5 /29 France ............................................ ....... .................... 2,657.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,657.00 5 /29 5 /30 England ................................................ .................... 340.85 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 340.85 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,997.85 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,997.85 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. MS. JENNIFER A. HEMINGWAY, June 29, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO POLAND, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAY 24 AND MAY 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Mike Turner ..................................................... 5 /25 5 /29 Poland ........................................ ........... .................... 1,323.00 .................... 10,457.00 .................... .................... ................. ... 11,780.00 Hon. Gerry Connolly ................................................. 5 /25 5 /29 Poland ......................................... .......... .................... 1,323.00 .................... 9,932.00 .................... .................... ................... . 11,255.00 Hon. Rob Bishop ...................................................... 5 /25 5 /29 Poland ........................................ ........... .................... 1,323.00 .................... 10,758.00 .................... .................... ................. ... 12,081.00 Hon. Susan Davis .................................................... 5 /25 5 /29 Poland ......................................... .......... .................... 1,323.00 .................... 2,808.00 .................... .................... ................... . 4,131.00 Hon. Jim Sensenbrenner .......................................... 5 /25 5 /29 Poland ............................................. ...... .................... 1,323.00 .................... 11,013.00 .................... .................... .................... 12 ,336.00 Hon. Ted Poe ........................................................... 5 /25 5 /28 Poland ...................................... ............. .................... 1,042.00 .................... 11,600.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... 12,642.00 Hon. Rick Larsen ..................................................... 5 /25 5 /29 Poland ........................................ ........... .................... 1,323.00 .................... 2,869.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 4,192.00 Hon. Linda Sa´nchez ................................................. 5 /25 5 /29 Poland ................................................... .... ................ 1,323.00 .................... 9,710.00 .................... .................... .................... 11,033.00 Hon. Gonza´lez-Colo´n ................................................ 5 /25 5 /29 Poland ................................................... ......... ........... 1,323.00 .................... 9,858.00 .................... .................... .................... 11,181.00 Adam Howard .......................................................... 5 /24 5 /29 Poland ........................................ ........... .................... 1,606.00 .................... 7,310.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 8,916.00 Ed Rice .................................................................... 5 /24 5 /29 Poland .................................. ................. .................... 1,606.00 .................... 10,115.00 .................... .................... ........... ......... 11,721.00 Chad Gore ................................................................ 5 /25 5 /29 Poland .................................... ............... .................... 1,323.00 .................... 3,284.00 .................... .................... .............. ...... 4,607.00 Jason Steinbaum ..................................................... 5 /25 5 /31 Poland ......................................... .......... .................... 1,323.00 .................... 3,208.00 .................... .................... ................... . 4,531.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 17,484.00 .................... 94,183.00 .................... .................... ..... ............... 111,667.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER, June 25, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.046 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6260 July 16, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. Hon. ROB BISHOP, Chairman, July 9, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO BANGLADESH, SINGAPORE, AND BURMA, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAY 28 AND  JUNE 4, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Luke Murry ............................................................... 5 /28 5 /30 Bangladesh ................................ ........... .................... 395.89 .................... 213.66 .................... .................... .................... 60 9.55 5 /30 6 /1 Burma ................................................... .................... 574.00 .................... * 17,729.41 .. .................. .................... .................... 18,303.41 Jennifer Hendrixson-White ....................................... 5 /30 6 /1 Burma ............................................... .... .................... 574.00 .................... * 15,643.01 .................... .................... .................... 16,21 7.01 Luke Murry ............................................................... 6 /1 6 /3 Singapore ................................... ........... .................... 825.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 825.00 Jennifer Hendrixson-White ....................................... 6 /1 6 /3 Singapore ............................................ .. .................... 825.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 825.00 Daniel Silverberg ..................................................... 5 /31 6 /3 Singapore ..................................... ......... .................... 1,102.00 .................... * 14,837.51 .................... .................... .................. .. 15,939.51 Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 5 /31 6 /3 Singapore ..................................... ......... .................... 1,102.00 .................... * 14,251.01 .................... .................... .................. .. 15,353.01 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 5,397.89 .................... 62,674.60 .................... .................... ...... .............. 68,072.49 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. * Transportation All-Inclusive MR. LUKE MURRY, July 2, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO SOUTH AFRICA, DJIBOUTI, AND KENYA, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAY 25 AN D JUNE 3, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Brett Horton ............................................................. 5 /26 5 /30 South Africa .............................. ............ .................... 1,254.78 .................... 15,733.41 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... Bart Reising ............................................................ 5 /26 5 /30 South Africa ............................... ........... .................... 1,254.78 .................... 15,733.41 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... Mary Rosado ............................................................ 5 /26 5 /30 South Africa ................................ .......... .................... 1,254.78 .................... 15,733.41 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... Cole Rojewski .......................................................... 5 /26 5 /30 South Africa ................................ .......... .................... 1,254.78 .................... 15,733.41 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... Chad Carlough ........................................................ 5 /26 5 /30 South Africa .................................. ........ .................... 1,254.78 .................... 15,733.41 .................... .................... .................... .................... Zach Howell ............................................................. 5 /26 5 /30 South Africa ............................... ........... .................... 1,254.78 .................... 15,733.41 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... Brett Horton ............................................................. 5 /30 5 /31 Djibouti .................................. ............... .................... 372.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... Bart Reising ............................................................ 5 /31 5 /31 Djibouti ................................... .............. .................... 372.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... Shuwanza Goff ........................................................ 5 /30 5 /31 Djibouti ...................................... ........... .................... 372.00 .................... 15,706.03 .................... .................... ................... . .................... Mary Rosado ............................................................ 5 /30 5 /31 Djibouti .................................... ............. .................... 372.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... Cole Rojewski .......................................................... 5 /30 5 /31 Djibouti .................................... ............. .................... 372.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... Chad Carlough ........................................................ 5 /30 5 /31 Djibouti ...................................... ........... .................... 372.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... Zach Howell ............................................................. 5 /30 5 /31 Djibouti ................................... .............. .................... 372.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... Brett Horton ............................................................. 5 /31 6 /2 Kenya ...................................... .............. .................... 730.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... Bart Reising ............................................................ 5 /31 6 /2 Kenya ....................................... ............. .................... 730.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... Shuwanza Goff ........................................................ 5 /31 6 /2 Kenya .......................................... .......... .................... 730.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... Mary Rosado ............................................................ 5 /31 6 /2 Kenya ........................................ ............ .................... 730.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... Cole Rojewski .......................................................... 5 /31 6 /2 Kenya ........................................ ............ .................... 730.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... Chad Carlough ........................................................ 5 /31 6 /2 Kenya .......................................... .......... .................... 730.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... Zach Howell ............................................................. 5 /31 6 /2 Kenya ....................................... ............. .................... 730.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 15,242.68 .................... 110,106.49 .................... .................... .... ................ 125,349.17 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. MR. J. BARTON REISING, June 27, 2018. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5601. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-398, ‘‘Student Fair Access to School Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5602. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-396, ‘‘Helicopter Landing Pad Amend-ment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5603. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Technical Amendment; Removal of ob-solete drawbridge operating regulations [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0443] (RIN: 1625- AA09) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5604. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Altoona, PA [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0129; Airspace Docket No.: 18-AEA-4] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received July 3, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5605. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace, Pago Pago, American Samoa [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0082; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AWP-22] (RIN:2120-AA66) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5606. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation of Class E Airspace; Seven Springs, PA, and Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Somerset, PA [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0610; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AEA-13] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5607. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation and Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Phillipsburg, PA [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0755; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AEA-11] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5608. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.044 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6261 July 16, 2018 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Kenansville, NC [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-1238; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ASO-25] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received July 3, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5609. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D Airspace and Class E Airspace, and Removal of Class E Airspace; Binghamton, NY [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-1061; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AEA-20] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5610. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class B Airspace; San Francisco, CA [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0653; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AWA- 2] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received July 3, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5611. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; International Aero Engines Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0564; Product Identifier 2018-NE-23-AD; Amendment 39- 19315; AD 2018-13-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5612. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Honeywell International Inc. Turbo-prop and Turboshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9450; Product Identifier 2016-NE-25- AD; Amendment 39-19317; AD 2018-13-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5613. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1247; Product Identifier 2017- NM-085-AD; Amendment 39-19316; AD 2018-13- 04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5614. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1163; Prod-uct Identifier 2017-CE-041-AD; Amendment 39-19260; AD 2018-09-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5615. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0104; Prod-uct Identifier 2017-CE-036-AD; Amendment 39-19311; AD 2018-12-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5616. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Engine Alliance Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0501; Product Identi-fier 2018-NE-19-AD; Amendment 39-19304; AD 2018-11-16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5617. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pratt and Whitney Division Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0817; Product Identifier 2017-NE-30-AD; Amendment 39- 19314; AD 2018-13-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5618. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; the Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0904; Product Identifier 2017-NM-071-AD; Amendment 39-19310; AD 2018-12-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5619. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; the Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2018-0507; Product Identifier 2018-NM-027-AD; Amendment 39-19308; AD 2018-12-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5620. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; the Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2018-0074; Product Identifier 2017-NM-148-AD; Amendment 39-19309; AD 2018-12-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5621. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-1020; Product Identifier 2017-NM-114-AD; Amendment 39-19306; AD 2018-12-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5622. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s tem-porary final rule — Safety Zone: San Fran-cisco Giants Fireworks Display, San Fran-cisco Bay, San Francisco, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0507] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5623. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Modification of Air Traf-fic Service (ATS) Route in the Vicinity of Newberry, MI [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0222; Airspace Docket No.: 18-AGL-2] (RIN: 2120- AA66) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5624. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Modification of Air Traf-fic Service (ATS) Routes in the Vicinity of Richmond, IN [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1144; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AGL-30] (RIN: 2120- AA66) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5625. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — IFR Altitudes; Miscella-neous Amendments [Docket No.: 31201; Amdt. No.: 540] received July 3, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5626. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Updates to Rulemaking and Waiver Procedures and Expansion of the Equivalent Level of Safety Option [Docket No.: FAA-2016-6761; Amdt. Nos.: 11-62, 404-6, 405-6, 420-8, 431-6, 435-4, 437-2, 460-2] (RIN: 2120- AK76) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5627. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Modification to Re-stricted Area R-5601F and Establishment of Restricted Area R-5601J; Fort Sill, OK [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0470; Airspace Docket No.: 18-ASW-2] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5628. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment and Re-moval of VOR Federal Airways in the Vicin-ity of Lansing, MI and Pontiac, MI [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0724; Airspace Docket No.: 17- AGL-1] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5629. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Regulatory Relief: Avia-tion Training Devices; Pilot Certification, Training, and Pilot Schools; and Other Pro-visions [Docket No.: FAA-2016-6142; Amdt. Nos.: 1-73, 60-6, 61-142, 63-41, 65-58, 91-351, 121- 381, 135-140, 141-20] (RIN: 2120-AK28) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5630. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Re-stricted Area R-2302; Flagstaff, AZ [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0520; Airspace Docket No.: 18- AWP-9] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5631. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JY7.000 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6262 July 16, 2018 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation of Restricted Area R-2530, Sierra Army Depot, CA [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0476; Airspace Docket No.: 18- AWP-8] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5632. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31198; Amdt. No.: 3804] received July 3, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5633. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31197; Amdt. No.: 3803] received July 3, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 3460. A bill to designate the United States courthouse lo-cated at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Dur-ham, North Carolina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’; with an amendment (Rept. 115–818). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5772. A bill to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Build-ing and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Court-house’’ (Rept. 115–819). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5846. A bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study regarding the buyout practices of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–820). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 66. A bill to establish the Route 66 Centennial Commis-sion, to direct the Secretary of Transpor-tation to prepare a plan on the preservation needs of Route 66, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 115–821). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4446. A bill to amend the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–822). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5415. A bill to re-quire agencies to submit reports on out-standing recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress; with an amendment (Rept. 115–823). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 1376. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to re-quire preservation of certain electronic records by Federal agencies, to require a cer-tification and reports relating to Presi-dential records, and for other purposes; (Rept. 115–824). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2648. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that the requirements that new Federal em-ployees who are veterans with service-con-nected disabilities are provided leave for pur-poses of undergoing medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain employees of the Veterans Health Administration, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–825, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3076. A bill to amend section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Privacy Act) to require agencies to accept electronic release forms, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–826). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5333. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the regulatory framework with re-spect to certain nonprescription drugs that are marketed without an approved new drug application, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–827). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 3906. A bill to establish centers of excellence for innovative stormwater control infrastructure, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115– 828, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 6385. A bill making ap-propriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–829). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 996. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–830). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3906 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. R
EICHERT , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. P
EARCE ): H.R. 6377. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974 to provide alternative minimum funding rules for cer-tain single-employer plans maintained by a community newspaper; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self, Ms. ESHOO , Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. P
ALLONE ): H.R. 6378. A bill to reauthorize certain pro-grams under the Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to public health security and all-hazards preparedness and response, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Veterans’ Affairs, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself and Mr. S
CALISE ): H.R. 6379. A bill to extend the National Flood Insurance Program until November 30, 2018; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. M
CHENRY (for himself and Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California): H.R. 6380. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to subject crowdfunding vehicles to the jurisdiction of the Securities and Ex-change Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 6381. A bill to memorialize victims and survivors of the occupation of Guam, provide for additional development at the War in the Pacific National Historical Park, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 6382. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to report cer-tain information to the Congress and to the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. WALZ: H.R. 6383. A bill to provide funds to enable counties to make competitive grants to qualified local units of government to ad-dress major community development and public infrastructure challenges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6384. A bill to impose sanctions relat-ing to persons operating the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Over-sight and Government Reform, the Judici-ary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUNN (for himself and Mr. L
AWSON of Florida): H.R. 6386. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture, in consultation with other ap-propriate entities, to develop and carry out a national science-based education campaign to increase public awareness regarding the use of technology in food and agriculture production, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Mr. K
INGof New York, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , and Ms. M OORE ): H.R. 6387. A bill to plan, develop, and make recommendations to increase access to sex-ual assault examinations for survivors by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JY7.000 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6263 July 16, 2018 
holding hospitals accountable and sup-porting the providers that serve them; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 6388. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for the reduction of the annuity for any Federal employee who is convicted of a felony that resulted in, or would have resulted in, removal from the civil service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 6389. A bill to enact certain laws re-lating to small business as title 57, United States Code, ‘‘Small Business’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 6390. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Administration to study and identify best practices for clos-ing the gender, race, and income gap in pat-enting rates for certain small business con-cerns, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. M
EADOWS , and Mr. M
ITCHELL ): H.R. 6391. A bill to reauthorize and modify the authority of the Merit Systems Protec-tion Board, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ROSEN (for herself and Mr. L
ANCE ): H.R. 6392. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide the work oppor-tunity tax credit with respect to hiring vet-erans who are receiving educational assist-ance under laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs or Defense; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. R
OD-
NEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. M AST, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mrs. M URPHY of Flor-ida, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. R ICHMOND , and Mr. L
OEBSACK ): H. Res. 993. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Congress should take all appropriate meas-ures to ensure that the United States Postal Service remains an independent establish-ment of the Federal Government and is not subject to privatization; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GALLAGHER (for himself, Ms. C
HENEY , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. B
YRNE , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. A
BRAHAM ): H. Res. 994. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Marine Corps faces signifi-cant readiness challenges and that budgetary uncertainty impedes the Corps’ ability to meet ongoing and unexpected national secu-rity threats, putting United States national security at risk; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. CHENEY (for herself, Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-lina, Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B
YRNE , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia): H. Res. 995. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Nation now faces a more complex and grave set of threats than at any time since the end of World War II, and that the lack of full, on-time funding related to defense ac-tivities puts servicemen and servicewomen at risk, harms national security, and aids the adversaries of the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 997. A resolution expressing support for dance as a form of valuable exercise and of artistic expression, and for the designa-tion of July 28 as National Dance Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. G AL-
LAGHER , Ms. C HENEY , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. B
YRNE , and Ms. M CSALLY ): H. Res. 998. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Navy’s total readiness re-mains in a perilous state due to high oper-ational demands, increased deployment lengths, shortened training periods, and de-ferred maintenance all while the Navy is asked to ‘‘do more with less‘‘ as financial support for critical areas waned in the era of sequestration and without consistent Con-gressional funding; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 6377. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 6378. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 6379. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. M
CHENRY: H.R. 6380. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence . . . of the United States; but all Du-ties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 6381. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 6382. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. WALZ: H.R. 6383. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6384. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: H.R. 6385. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 6386. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 6387. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 6388. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 6389. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 6390. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 6391. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JY7.100 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6264 July 16, 2018 
By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 6392. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 184: Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 380: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 846: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 959: Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. R UTHERFORD . H.R. 1027: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1201: Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. F ASO, and Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 1270: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 1291: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 1318: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 1439: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1444: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 1447: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1542: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1676: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 1825: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1876: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 1911: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2151: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. K ILDEE , and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2215: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 2267: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 2309: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. S OTO, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2315: Mr. B
UDDand Mr. S OTO. H.R. 2358: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 2388: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 2431: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 2584: Ms. F
OXXand Mr. B EYER . H.R. 2587: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 2635: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 2871: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 2913: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 2976: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2996: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 3076: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 3113: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 3128: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 3132: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 3415: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida. H.R. 3444: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 3592: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 3635: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3666: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 3671: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 3940: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 3984: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 4082: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4133: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 4186: Miss R
ICEof New York and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4222: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 4229: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 4265: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 4271: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 4328: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4454: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4483: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 4518: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4556: Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 4603: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 4647: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. V ELA, and Ms. L EE. H.R. 4819: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 4846: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 4881: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 4886: Mr. R
OSSand Mr. E MMER . H.R. 4898: Ms. L
OFGREN and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 4953: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 5014: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 5059: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, and Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 5085: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 5129: Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5161: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 5162: Mr. S
ERRANO and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 5191: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5248: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 5331: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 5385: Mr. M
ITCHELL and Mr. W ALDEN . H.R. 5406: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5429: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5476: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 5551: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 5649: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 5671: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. Zeldin, and Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 5701: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 5753: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5780: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. S UOZZI , and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 5814: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5818: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 5856: Mr. A
LLEN and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5864: Mr. C
ALVERT and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 5870: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 5871: Mr. TURNER , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 5899: Mr. M
OOLENAAR and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 5922: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5955: Mr. B
ARR, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 5974: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 6014: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. K ILMER , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. R UTHER -
FORD , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 6016: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 6018: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 6031: Mr. M
OOLENAAR and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 6071: Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 6079: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 6085: Mr. G
ALLEGO and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 6105: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah and Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 6108: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 6131: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Ms. L OF-
GREN . H.R. 6138: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 6159: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 6178: Mr. B
LUMand Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 6219: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 6220: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. L
EE, and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H.R. 6246: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C LAY, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Ms. T
SONGAS , and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia H.R. 6263: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 6275: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 6278: Ms. T
ITUS and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 6288: Mr. P
ANETTA and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 6315: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C
ORREA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 6318: Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 6320: Mr. M
CHENRY . H.R. 6330: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 6332: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 6340: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 6356: Mr. A
RRINGTON and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.J. Res. 6: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.J. Res. 50: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Mr. L AMALFA . H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Vir-ginia, Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, and Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 319: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H. Res. 757: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H. Res. 763: Mr. P
OLIS. H. Res. 826: Mr. K
EATING . H. Res. 990: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. O LSON , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.043 H16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4957 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 16, 2018 No. 119 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
OHN B
ARRASSO , a Senator from the State of Wyoming. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Shepherd of Love, help our law-makers to live in such magnanimity and restraint that they will be salt and light to their generation. May they make the world more palatable as they bring the illumination of Your Word to the problems they seek to solve. Guid-ed by Your love, lead them to live to glorify Your Name. Lord, give them the wisdom to consistently strive to live in conformity to Your Will. We praise You, mighty God, for You are slow to anger, abounding in love and mercy. In accordance with Your great love, continue to bless America. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHN BARRASSO , a Senator from the State of Wyoming, to per-form the duties of the Chair. ORRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. BARRASSO thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to consider the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Scott Stump, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, De-partment of Education. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the time until 5:30 p.m. will be equally di-vided between the two leaders or their designees. Who yields time? If no one yields time, the time will be charged equally to both sides. The Senator from Texas. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, last week I had the chance to reconnect with Judge Brett Kavanaugh, the President’s choice to be Associate Jus-tice of the U.S. Supreme Court, suc-ceeding Anthony Kennedy, who has an-nounced his retirement effective at the end of this month. I say reconnect be-cause I actually met Judge Kavanaugh back in 2000, when, as attorney general of Texas, I had the great privilege to represent my State in front of the U.S. Supreme Court in an oral argument. As part of my preparation for that argument—something that is sort of like the Super Bowl for lawyers—I had a chance to practice that argument in a moot court, as it is called, in front of three distinguished Supreme Court ad-vocates, including Brett Kavanaugh, who at that time was a private lawyer. I am sure I benefitted from his help, as I did from the help of the other two. I have followed Judge Kavanaugh’s career closely in the 18 years since I met him. Of course, in the last 12 years, he has served with distinction on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, which some have called the second most powerful court in the Nation, since most of the controversial litiga-tion involving the Federal Government tends to come up through that appel-late court from the district courts here in the District of Columbia. Based on what I know of Brett Kavanaugh, I am pleased with the nominee the President has chosen. After talking to him again, I look for-ward to supporting his nomination and doing everything I can to ensure his bi-partisan confirmation. On the issue of bipartisanship, let me just point out that Justice Gorsuch was confirmed by 54 votes, a bipartisan vote of confirmation. I would expect, based upon his similar qualifications in many ways—outstanding academic record, outstanding experience, and demonstrated ability on a circuit court of appeals—that I would think and ex-pect that Justice Kavanaugh would get a bipartisan confirmation vote, much as Justice Gorsuch has. Obviously, they are two different individuals, but in terms of their experience, education, preparation, and judicial philosophy, I think it would be difficult to explain why one would vote for Justice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.000 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4958 July 16, 2018 
Gorsuch’s confirmation and vote against Justice Kavanaugh. I know Members of the Senate take our responsibilities to provide advice and consent very seriously. I know a number of our colleagues who don’t have the benefit of 18 years of famili-arity with the judge will want to do their homework, and that is exactly as it should be. A bipartisan questionnaire has now gone out to the judge from the Judici-ary Committee. Senator F
EINSTEIN , the Democratic ranking member, and Sen-ator G
RASSLEY , the Republican chair-man, have sent a questionnaire, asking him to answer a litany of questions necessary for the Judiciary Committee to prepare for the hearing, which I hope will occur sometime in mid-Au-gust or so. We know also that nominees for judicial office get a very extensive background check, and that will have to be updated. I am sure that will take place as well. Then, we all will have the chance to meet with Judge Kavanaugh, as I did, and to make our own personal assess-ment after asking questions and get-ting his answers to those questions. Many people have now become famil-iar with the arc of his career: grad-uating with honors from Yale College, graduating Yale Law School, clerking for two appellate judges before clerk-ing for Justice Anthony Kennedy on the Supreme Court. From there he went on to work as the Staff Secretary at the White House. I want to pause and talk about what the Staff Secretary at the White House does. This is kind of an obscure but im-portant position. Basically, you are the last eyes on a document before the President signs it. So what that means is there is a tremendous responsibility to coordinate and to verify the accu-racy of the contents of the documents and that they reflect the policies that the President does indeed support be-fore it is presented to him for his sig-nature. I mention the Staff Secretary posi-tion because the last time Judge Kavanaugh was confirmed to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, there was no discussion about getting the volumi-nous copies of records that came across his desk as Staff Secretary. No one par-ticularly thought that those were very useful, and that is for understandable reasons. He didn’t author those docu-ments. He didn’t create them, but he was responsible for their verification and authentication and to see that they got to the President after having been reviewed as they should be. So as for any excuse that we hear along this confirmation process that the thou-sands—maybe hundreds of thousands, maybe millions—of documents that would have come across his desk as Staff Secretary will have to all be pro-duced before Senators can vote on his confirmation, well, they didn’t do that back when he was confirmed to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. I think it makes no logical sense that documents that came across his desk that he did not create and he did not vouch for are relevant, but, rather, that represents a fishing expedition designed to delay the confirmation process unneces-sarily. After he was Staff Secretary at the White House, he practiced law. Then, of course, he was confirmed to the Fed-eral bench. His resume is really one that speaks for itself, but I want to ad-dress some of the character assassina-tions that have already begun about the judge because it is pretty trou-bling, knowing him as I have come to know him, to hear these accusations and descriptions, which I think are pure fantasy. They are worse than that. As I said, they are character as-sassinations. They are conspiracy theo-ries. They are designed to cause good people to doubt this nominee, but there is a good answer to each of them. First comes one from House Minority Leader P
ELOSI , who has no role whatso-ever in the Supreme Court process. The Senate has the responsibility of pro-viding advice and consent. The House of Representatives is a virtual spec-tator, like the rest of the American population. She called his nomination ‘‘a clear and respectful assault on the fundamental rights of women.’’ It is an outrageous statement. NARAL Pro-Choice America, the na-tional abortion rights action league, has claimed that any vote to confirm him would be one that would ‘‘punish women.’’ This same group also degen-erated into a middle-school mocking of his name. I am not sure what relevance that has, but it shows, I believe, how desperate opponents of this nomination are. If you don’t have anything sub-stantive to offer as criticism or if you don’t have policy differences that you want to debate, engage in name call-ing. That is all this is. A Yale Law professor, Amy Chua, wrote last week in the Wall Street Journal about how Judge Kavanaugh had been a mentor to young female lawyers whom he has engaged with over his legal career. The professor wrote that since he joined the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit in 2006, a quarter of the judge’s law clerks, the most valued members of his staff, have been members of a minority group— one or the other—and more than half, 25 out of 48, have been women. Years ago, when I was a member of the Texas Supreme Court, it seemed as though I also had a similar proclivity to hire fe-male clerks. I asked one of them one day: Why is it you think I hired you to be my law clerk? She said: It is easy, Judge—women are smarter, and they work harder. Perhaps that is what Judge Kavanaugh discovered during his expe-rience too. These women, these former clerks, have spoken glowingly about Judge Kavanaugh’s mentorship and his per-sonal decency and support and encour-agement for their careers. It is absurd and hyperbolic to call Judge Kavanaugh anti-woman. It is so ridicu-lous. You would wonder why anybody would feel as if they needed to respond. Here in Washington, DC, in the echo chamber inside the beltway and with all the special interest groups and the mainstream media unfortunately many times repeating these falsehoods over and over again, it is necessary for some of us to stand up and say: This is bla-tantly false. The women who know Judge Kavanaugh best and worked alongside him in his chambers would take issue with Ms. PELOSI ’s characterization. A second line of conspiracy theories regarding Judge Kavanaugh relates to Presidential power. Some have claimed that Judge Kavanaugh believes that a President cannot be indicted for a crime and that that should be an auto-matic disqualification for Supreme Court consideration. Well, this arises out of a misreading and a misunder-standing of a 2009 Minnesota Law Re-view article he wrote that explored a gray area of the law and suggested that Congress consider legislation that would defer civil lawsuits and criminal charges until after the President leaves office. As people will remember, Judge Kavanaugh worked for a while for the independent counsel who was inves-tigating then-President Clinton. He said he learned from that experience that a President is busy doing so many things, it really makes sense not to provide immunity but, rather, to defer litigation of those criminal indict-ments, should there be any, and civil cases until after the President leaves office. He was quick to note that if the President ever engaged in serious mis-conduct, there was always the option of impeachment, which is very dif-ferent from a criminal case. It is one where Congress expresses its view on the suitability of an office holder to continue holding office, and that is al-ways a last resort. As one fact checker found, his posi-tion is different from saying that Presidents can’t ever be indicted. Pro-fessors like Noah Feldman at Harvard Law have agreed. The Fact Checker from the Washington Post concluded by calling these claims ‘‘an extreme distortion’’ of Judge Kavanaugh’s views and I believe gave it two Pinocchios for being false and mis-leading. A third and final line of bogus argu-ments I want to address this afternoon hinges on his views regarding the Af-fordable Care Act, sometimes called ObamaCare, with the senior Senator from Massachusetts saying that he is ‘‘hostile to healthcare.’’ That is as pre-posterous as saying he is hostile to women. Who is hostile to healthcare? Well, that was also fact-checked by the New York Times, which found hers and other claims to be highly exaggerated. The reality is that Judge Kavanaugh, in his official capacity, has issued two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.002 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4959 July 16, 2018 
dissenting opinions and legal chal-lenges to the Affordable Care Act, both highly technical in nature. Clearly, he is not against healthcare. That is real-ly just a dumb comment. He is simply a judge, who has no role in evaluating the wisdom or efficacy of policies. His job is to call balls and strikes, as an umpire would, to decide whether some-thing is within the law or outside of the law. I believe he will continue to do that when confirmed as a Justice on the Supreme Court. I agree with the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , who last week said Judge Kavanaugh’s qualifications are ‘‘so obvious, and his reputation so excellent, that unhinged attacks are all that remains in the far left’s arse-nal.’’ I agree with him, but that doesn’t mean we won’t continue to hear these unhinged, ridiculous charges against a good man. Judge Kavanaugh, by all ac-counts, is a fair and thoughtful judge who approaches each judicial decision with precise reasoning and careful analysis. That is why the conspiracy theories will not work. They are doomed to fail, and the cracks are al-ready beginning to show. As I said, the Judiciary Committee will conduct a thorough and timely hearing, and then we will follow with an up-or-down vote in the committee and then on the Senate floor this fall, prior to the time the Supreme Court’s new term begins in October. The even-tual outcome from this process should be that Judge Kavanaugh will be easily confirmed. That is what he and I be-lieve the American people deserve. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
TRUMP -PUTIN SUMMIT  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, almost everybody in the world knows by now that the President met with Vladimir Putin today. While nobody knows what the two Presidents said in their private meeting, what they said afterward cer-tainly should alarm all of us. President Trump refused, once again, to accept the fact that Russia, at Putin’s order, interfered in our elec-tions. What the President said was alarming, it was embarrassing, and it is unacceptable. We know Putin inter-fered, and we know he will do it again in our upcoming elections. This is from the unanimous report of the intel-ligence community of this country and was reaffirmed earlier today by the Di-rector of National Intelligence, former Senator Dan Coats, who was President Trump’s appointee. In its January 2017 assessment, the IC assessed that Russian President Putin ordered an influence campaign in the 2016 election, which was aimed at the U.S. Presidential election. That as-sessment described the campaign as a mix of cyber operations that were con-ducted by Russian intelligence services in its overt use of propaganda and fake social media accounts and trolls. Take it from President Trump’s own administration. Then-Director of the CIA and now-Secretary of State Mike Pompeo acknowledged the Russian in-terference. He stood by the intelligence community’s assessments, and that was a year and a half ago. He even said he had every expectation that Russia would continue to try to interfere in our elections. A few days ago, Dan Coats, who is the Director of the DNI, said: The warning lights are blinking red again. . . . The digital infrastructure that serves this country is literally under attack. 
Just this past Friday, the Justice De-partment announced the indictment of 12 Russian intelligence officers for hacking the Clinton campaign and the DNC. This is just the latest in a series of indictments. Today, though, the President, while standing right next to Vladimir Putin, said that while the men and women of the U.S. intelligence community con-cluded with high confidence that Putin did, indeed, interfere in our elections, President Trump said: 
[President Putin] said it’s not Russia. I don’t see any reason why it would be. 
That is rather curious. Even worse, the President stood next to Putin and said the United States was to blame for the Russian aggres-sion. Let me repeat that. The President stood next to Putin and said the United States was to blame for the Russian aggression. This Senator believes our own intelligence community, not a former KGB spy and colonel who is bent on undermining democracy and the rule of law around the world, is whom you ought to believe. What does a spy do? In order to achieve a spy’s ends, the spy lies. That is what and how Vladimir Putin was trained, and it is obvious he is no friend of the United States. There has been a lot of discussion about Russia, and I know that, at times, it can be confusing to everyday folks. Yet amidst all of the talk and the disinformation, it is critically im-portant that we don’t lose sight of the threat to our democracy. That is what Russian interference in our elections is. It is an attack on the very founda-tion of our democratic institutions. Of course, that is what Putin is trying to do—invade our own democracy in order to divide us; it is to undermine our own faith in our own institutions, and to ul-timately undermine American leader-ship in the world. This should not be a partisan issue in America, in our domestic politics. I hope we come together quickly, in a bi-partisan way, to defend ourselves and to finally push back on Putin. I hope we insist that the White House en-forces all of the economic sanctions the Congress has already pushed through but that the White House has been very slow to enact. I hope this Congress is also going to enact more economic sanctions and get them to where they will really start causing a crimp in the step of the Russian lead-ers. Why not start freezing the bank accounts of some of its highest leaders? First, the United States, led by our President, has to see the enemy and the threat for what they are. Now, going on 2 years into his administra-tion, the President is unwilling to stand up to Putin—man-to-man, eye-ball-to-eyeball—and to defend our country. I yield the floor. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, it has been less than a week since the President nominated Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. Already, praise has poured in for his legal abili-ties, professional accomplishments, and personal character. Some of the most interesting testi-mony has come from the men and women who may know better than any-one how Judge Kavanaugh approaches his work—his law clerks. You can learn a lot about a leader by asking the men and women who work for and with him. Thirty-four of his past clerks sent an open letter to Chairman G
RASSLEY and Senator F
EINSTEIN last week. Their own political and legal views are quite diverse: 
Our ranks include Republicans, Democrats, and Independents. But we are united in this: our admiration and fondness for Judge Kavanaugh run deep. 
They describe his commitment to legal excellence: 
We never once saw him take a shortcut, treat a case as unimportant, or search for an easy answer. Instead, in each case, large or small, he masters every detail and rereads every precedent. 
They also compliment the way Judge Kavanaugh conducts himself both in-side and outside the courtroom. They call him ‘‘unfailingly warm and gra-cious, grounded, and kind.’’ They de-scribe a ‘‘fundamental humility.’’ A subset of those clerks wrote a sec-ond letter. It was from every one of Judge Kavanaugh’s female clerks whose current employments allowed them to sign it. These 18 women explain: ‘‘We feel compelled to write separately to con-vey our uniformly positive experiences with the Judge as a boss on issues of gender and equality in the workplace.’’ ‘‘In our view,’’ they write, ‘‘the Judge has been one of the strongest advocates in the Federal judiciary for women lawyers.’’ They explain how Judge Kavanaugh seeks out the best and brightest, how he goes above and beyond to advise and mentor all of his clerks. Judge Kavanaugh’s hiring reflects, in their words, ‘‘rare gender parity.’’ Note 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.003 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4960 July 16, 2018 
that I did not say ‘‘equity’’ but ‘‘par-ity’’—25 women clerks and 23 men. In 2014, in fact, all four of Judge Kavanaugh’s clerks were women—a first for a judge on the DC Circuit. There have been 84 percent of those 25 women who have gone on to Supreme Court clerkships, thanks, in large part, to Judge Kavanaugh’s guidance and support. Here is how they conclude their let-ter: 
As you likely know by now, Judge Kavanaugh has two daughters, Margaret and Liza. If they decide to follow in their dad’s— and grandmother’s—footsteps and become lawyers, they will enter a legal profession that is fairer and more equal because of Judge Kavanaugh. 
We have also heard from Professor Amy Chua, who has served on Yale Law School’s clerkship committee for most of the last decade. During that time, 10 Yale Law School graduates have clerked for Judge Kavanaugh, 8 of whom are women. She emailed them to ask about their experiences. As she explained in the Wall Street Journal, they lauded his work ethic, his commitment to excel-lence, his humility, and his decency, and ‘‘to a person they described his ex-traordinary mentorship.’’ One woman said: 
He’s been an incredible mentor to me de-spite the fact that I am a left-of-center woman. He always takes into account my goals rather than giving me generic advice. 
With respect to Judge Kavanaugh’s approach to deciding cases, Professor Chua pointed out that he ‘‘actively seeks out clerks from across the ideo-logical spectrum who will question and disagree with him’’ because ‘‘he wants to hear other perspectives before decid-ing a case.’’ ‘‘Above all,’’ she observed, Judge Kavanaugh ‘‘believes in the law and wants to figure out, without pre-judging, what it requires.’’ Again, we have already heard so many speak up to recommend this im-pressive nominee. In the weeks ahead, we will hear more, including from Judge Kavanaugh himself, when our colleagues on the Ju-diciary Committee conduct hearings on his nomination. Yet I wanted to call special attention today to the warm words of those who have worked with and for Judge Kavanaugh. They have seen firsthand just how rigorously he approaches his work as a judge and how graciously he shares his time and his talent with others. Judge Kavanaugh is certainly an impressive nominee. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, on another matter, fueled by American workers and job creators and assisted by the pro-growth policies of this Republican govern-ment, our economy continues to surge ahead. Last week, we examined the Depart-ment of Labor’s June jobs report, which indicated another month of re-markable growth—213,000 new jobs. On Friday, economists at the Florida Chamber of Commerce announced that the Sunshine State’s GDP had sur-passed $1 trillion for the first time. That is $1 trillion for the GDP of Flor-ida. If Florida were a sovereign nation, it would be the 17th largest national economy in the world. In the past year, Floridians, alone, have created 182,000 new jobs. It is hard to argue with the facts, but it is even harder to argue with reports that come straight from hard-working Americans. Last month, during his visit to Du-luth, MN, President Trump met with local workers and job creators to dis-cuss tax reform and economic growth in their communities, and he heard them loud and clear. Republican poli-cies are working. Adam Morse, a production truck-driver for U.S. Steel Minntac, told President Trump that ‘‘the tax plan is working, and I’m seeing a difference in my paycheck.’’ Ray Klosowski, Commissioner of the Duluth Seaway Port Authority, says that the past year has brought signifi-cant steps forward for the port and the jobs it supports. They added a first- ever intermodal freight area, which has allowed Duluth to process containers from the west coast and significantly expand shipping capabilities. There are millions of dollars in new contracts and commitments to hire hundreds of new workers at the port. Mr. Klosowski summed it up, saying: The customers . . . we’ve been used to—our old tried-and-true customers—have experi-enced expansion because of the new tax structure. . . . They’re coming to us with more business than we’ve [ever] seen in the past. 
Our Democratic colleagues are still grasping for ways to put a negative spin on all of this good news and the Republican policies that are helping it along. But all around the country, Americans are trying to get their at-tention so that they can explain just how tax reform, regulatory reform, and the rest of our policy agenda are help-ing to improve their businesses and their lives. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
TRUMP -PUTIN SUMMIT  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, like any patriotic American—Democrat, Republican, or Independent—I was ap-palled by the press conference that capped off the President’s trip to Eu-rope this morning. President Trump hardly pressed President Putin on a single issue, saying that ‘‘both coun-tries’’ are responsible for the state of relations between the United States and Russia. When it comes to interference in the 2016 elections, the President has man-aged to point the finger at just about everyone except the culprit. The one person he hasn’t blamed is the man who is actually responsible—Vladimir Putin. Rather than taking the oppor-tunity to confront Putin and stand up in defense of the United States, rather than demanding that Putin hand over the Russian intelligence agents who were indicted last week, the President took the word of the KGB over the brave, hard-working men and women of the CIA. It is amazing. When has a President ever done something like that—believed our enemies instead of our own intelligence agents, who have worked so diligently and hard to keep us safe? Vladimir Putin’s goal for over a dec-ade has been the weakening of Amer-ican leadership and the erosion of vital international alliances, such as NATO, that promote American values of de-mocracy, freedom, and open markets. He has labored for 10 years, and he didn’t get very far, and now President Trump is handing him the keys to the city. President Putin could hardly have scripted a more successful foreign trip for his interests than the one we have just witnessed by President Trump. Now, because of President Trump’s in-explicable actions, Americans and citi-zens of the world from one end to the other are scratching their heads, say-ing: What is going on inside the Presi-dent’s head? Because of the President’s almost inexplicable actions, a single, ominous question hangs over the White House: What could possibly cause the President to put the interests of Russia over those of the United States? Mil-lions of Americans will continue to wonder if the only possible explanation for this dangerous and inexplicable be-havior is the possibility—the very real possibility—that President Putin holds damaging information over President Trump. The questions of the moment—now that our security has been put at risk by the President—are these: Where are our Republican colleagues? Where are the Republicans who cheered Reagan’s famous challenge to Gorbachev to ‘‘tear down this wall’’? Where are the Republicans who demanded a strong re-sponse from President Obama when Putin annexed Crimea? Where are the Republicans who surely know in their hearts that trusting Putin over Amer-ican intelligence, defense, and law en-forcement diminishes the standing of our great country? Now is the time, if there ever were one, for Republicans to stand up. If we wait much longer, our global alliance will fracture; the institutions America created in the ashes of World War II will crumble; and our allies will con-sider abandoning us, maybe even em-bracing China, if the consequences— economic and military—are dev-astating for our country; and Putin’s Russia will emerge all the stronger for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.005 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4961 July 16, 2018 
it. American power, prestige, and even our economy will be deeply damaged. I am pleading—pleading—with my Republican colleagues to push back by doing four things: First, ratchet up—not water down— sanctions against Russia. Second, join us in demanding that the President’s national security team immediately come to Congress and tes-tify. Third, end attacks by so many on the hard right on the Department of Jus-tice, the FBI, and Special Counsel Mueller. These attacks are beyond the pale, but now that the President has done this with Putin, these attacks are dangerous to the future of the Repub-lic. The special counsel needs to finish his work. The President needs to sit for an interview with the special counsel, as previous Presidents have done and as Republicans demanded of President Clinton. The President has no problem break-ing bread with a man who maliciously attacked America during our elections, but he can’t sit down with a man charged with investigating it—Special Counsel Mueller. Please. What is the President afraid of? What is he hiding that we don’t know? Fourth, our Republican colleagues must demand with us that the Presi-dent insist that the 12 indicted Rus-sians be sent to the United States im-mediately to stand trial. Every one of these actions is impor-tant. Every one should be bipartisan. Every one of our Republican col-leagues, no matter what their ideologies within the Republican Party are, should choose country over party—what is good for America over the politics of the moment. Let us show strength and not fear when Presi-dent Trump shows weakness, as he has today. I am asking Leader M
CCONNELL and Speaker R
YAN, both friends, to make sure the four things we have asked for are done. I am pleading with them, for the sake of the country, to do so. The President is doing grave harm to the standing of the United States, to the strength of the United States, to the security of the United States, and to the economic robustness of the United States by kowtowing to Vladi-mir Putin. The President will continue to do it if he is not checked, and the best check is our Republican col-leagues, if they only have the decency, the honor, and the courage to stand up at a time when the moment calls for it. Some have—Senator M
CCAIN, Senator G
RAHAM , and Senator S ASSE—but where are the others? Where is Leader M
CCONNELL ? The summit today was an insult to all Americans—Democrats, Repub-licans, and Independents. We have to stand up together and push back. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
On a related matter, Mr. Prsident, I wish to speak for a moment on Presi-dent Trump’s nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. We know President Trump promised to pick a judge who would be hostile to a woman’s right to choose—to Roe v. Wade—and to the healthcare law, in-cluding protections for Americans with preexisting conditions. That is incred-ibly troubling in and of itself, but I have little doubt that every one of those 25, in the eyes of the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation, which put together the list, would do those two things that would so hurt America in my judgment. There is another troubling aspect of Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination: His views on Presidential power and wheth-er Presidents should be treated as though they are above the law. Judge Kavanaugh seems to take an almost monarchical view of Executive power. He has written that a sitting President should not be subject to criminal or civil investigation or prosecution while in office. He has even written that a President doesn’t need to enforce a law that the President ‘‘deems’’ unconsti-tutional. It contradicts the well-settled principle—something at the heart of our Constitution and what the Found-ing Fathers in their greatness did back in 1789—that Presidents should not be above the law. Now, those are dangerous beliefs at any time, but at this moment in time, with this President, those beliefs are especially dangerous. Anyone who fol-lowed the President’s trip overseas and his summit today with President Putin saw a reckless, self-centered President willing to bully allies and comfort ad-versaries, seemingly on a whim. President Trump’s first 11⁄2years in office has been marked by numerous examples of the President stretching Executive authority, testing the rule of law, and the separation of powers. Now, more than ever—and especially in light of today’s events—we need a Supreme Court Justice who under-stands and respects the important boundaries the Constitution and our system of government place on the Chief Executive. We don’t need a Jus-tice who is ideologically predisposed to favor almost unchecked Executive power, especially with Donald Trump as President of the United States. Judge Kavanaugh has clearly tipped his hand that he prefers to give broad deference to the Executive. Perhaps that is why Judge Kavanaugh was ulti-mately selected from the list of 25. That all had been given the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval by the Federalist Society, intent on repealing Roe, and by the Heritage Foundation, intent on rolling back government-in-volved healthcare, whether it be ACA, protecting preexisting conditions, or Medicaid. Special Counsel Mueller’s probe ap-pears to be discovering more and more evidence of President Putin’s inter-ference in our election and potential cooperation of American citizens in that interference. Given that a Justice Kavanaugh could one day be faced with a ruling on the matter of whether a sit-ting President can be indicted or sub-poenaed, I hope Senators from both parties scrutinize Judge Kavanaugh’s beliefs about Executive power. On all other courts, potential defend-ants don’t get to pick their jurors. The President—particularly this Presi-dent—shouldn’t have that power ei-ther. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. ERNST ). The Senator from Connecticut. 
TRUMP -PUTIN SUMMIT  
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, in my lifetime, no American President has ever had a more disastrous over-seas trip than the one that was just concluded by President Trump—5 days of disaster after disaster, insult after insult, capitulation after capitulation. Today, Donald Trump has America weaker in the world than at any time in recent memory. Let’s start with what just happened today that has the whole world reeling. To the shock and horror of the Amer-ican public, President Trump stood on stage with Vladimir Putin and told the world that he believes Putin when Putin insists that Russia did not try to interfere in the American elections in Trump’s favor in 2016. Despite what President Trump wants us to believe these days, there are still some truths left in the world. Not ev-erything is political spin. Not every-thing in the world today is up for de-bate. Russia did attack our elections in 2016. They plan on attacking our elec-tions in 2018. In 2016, they did so with the explicit purpose of trying to elect Donald Trump. All 100 Senators agree on this. Every U.S. intelligence agency agrees on this. Every U.S. law enforce-ment agency in the country agrees on this. Everyone working for Donald Trump in his national security cabinet agrees on this. Now, we actually have the specific names of the specific Russian individ-uals who carried out these attacks. They have been indicted by Donald Trump’s Department of Justice. There is simply no question, no debate over whether the Russian Government en-gaged in a massive, willful, illegal cam-paign to push the 2016 election to Don-ald Trump. It is a fact. President Trump, no doubt, doesn’t like this fact. First, because there is an investigation that is pending right now over the outstanding question of whether he knew it was happening and whether he and his campaign team co-ordinated with the Russians to make that happen. There is increasing evi-dence that this might be the case, but we will have to wait for the Mueller re-port to know. Second, without the Russians’ help, it is possible that Donald Trump might not be President. We don’t know this, but the slim margins where the Presi-dent prevailed in certain States leave room to surmise that without Russia’s help, Donald Trump might not have been elected President. Regardless of whether Trump coordi-nated with the Russians and regardless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.006 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4962 July 16, 2018 
of whether their support tipped the bal-ance, it frankly doesn’t explain what just happened in Helsinki. When asked if Trump agrees with his staff, every Member of the Senate, and every law enforcement and intelligence agency in his government or Russia, he chose Russia. Let me say that again. When asked whether the President of the United States believed his own government or Russia, our President said he believed Russia. He took sides against American national security interests, and we are left with a question of why. We raise that question because, frankly, the ex-pectations for this summit, this meet-ing between the American President and the Russian leader, were very low. All President Trump had to do at that press conference today was to offer some mild pushback—an acknowledg-ment of Russia’s interference in the election—and to stand up and, in mild terms, offer America’s support for the sovereignty of Ukraine. He didn’t do any of that. So we are left with this question of why. Now I don’t know what Mueller knows. I don’t know what Vladimir Putin knows. But Americans should be freaked out today that there is some explanation that we don’t know for why our President is so friendly to Russian national security interests and so hostile to our own. Of course, today, my colleagues, was just the icing on the cake. We already have forgotten what happened on the first 4 days of this trip. Shortly before the meeting with Putin, Trump an-nounced to the world that after several days of meetings and consultations with our European partners, he could definitively say that Europe was an enemy of the United States. He called the European Union a foe. That conclu-sion was bracketed by his comments upon his arrival in Europe, when he an-nounced that his meeting with Putin was going to be a whole lot easier than his meetings were going to be with Eu-rope. Let’s be clear. First, Europe is our most important friend and ally, and it has been that way for a very long time, and nothing has changed. In the last 70 years, when we have needed help in the world, the first place we turn to is Eu-rope. It shares our democratic values. They are our most important trading partner. The post-World War II order that has ushered in an order of relative global stability never before seen in the world is reliant on the continued alliance of the United States and Eu-rope. We have always had our grievances. We may want them to spend a little bit more money on defense. They may want us to shoulder a little bit more of the burden with respect to the world’s refugee crisis and not leave it all up to them. But the alliance is just as impor-tant as it ever has been, and Europe is just as important a partner as it ever has been. Here is the other thing to make clear. Donald Trump’s intent is to smash the European Union and to break the United States and Europe apart from each other. His advisers and Cabinet members may go on TV or show up to hearings on Capitol Hill, and they may say all the right things about the strength of the transatlantic alliance and America’s rock-solid com-mitment to NATO. I have heard them say it. I saw John Bolton say it on TV this weekend. I watched Secretary Pompeo come to the Foreign Relations Committee and testify to such before Congress. But the people who work for Presi-dent Trump don’t set U.S. policy. The President does, and the President has made it clear over and over that NATO is temporarily functionally irrelevant. That sounds like a radical thing to say, but let’s just admit that it is true for the time being. Trump has made it crystal clear that if Russia ever perpet-uated a Ukraine-style attack on a NATO country, one that was in plain sight for everybody to see but that was officially denied by the Kremlin—does that sound familiar? That is what hap-pened in Ukraine—a clear Russian in-vasion but officially denied by the Kremlin. Does this sound familiar? The 2016 attacks on American elections are there for everyone to see, and they are denied by the Kremlin. Trump has made it clear that if Russia ever per-petuated an attack like that against a NATO country, Trump would believe Russia and not his own eyes, not his own government. He has telegraphed to Russia that if you simply deny the in-vasion or the attack, we will believe you, not our own government, not our own intelligence and security agencies. That is what he told us. That is what would likely happen if Europe was attacked. The Europeans know this. Why we are so much weaker today is because that message to the Europeans comes with a price. If the Europeans don’t feel that we are going to get their back, having watched the President mock and insult them over the course of the last 4 days, it is now in doubt as to whether they would come to our defense if we asked, as we did after the attacks on September 11. None of our European partners will say that. They are going to try to save face. They are going to try to be the bigger party to this contest and say that the strength of the alliance is as strong as it ever has been. But it is not, and there are consequences—poten-tially serious ones for the United States. For as bad a shape as the President left NATO, the EU is in no better con-dition today. It is in tatters in large part because of a President who con-tinues to cheerlead those who want to break apart the EU. There are people who understand the genius of the Euro-pean Union who are working hard to keep it together, and I am going to cheerlead them, but President Trump spent his time in Britain telling any-body who would listen, including the press, that unless Britain carried out a clean break from the EU, there would be consequences from the United States. That is madness. Our policy should be the opposite—that if Britain and the EU want to reconcile, America will be there to assist. Let’s bring it back to Vladimir Putin again because his top priority—his No. 1 goal—is the dissolution of the Euro-pean Union, which is his main political and economic rival on the Eurasian continent. The breakup of NATO is right up there as well. His chief ally in the deconstruction of the EU and NATO today is the President of the United States. America is so much weaker today than we were just 5 days ago, and that is saying a lot. Our Nation and the world has never seen a more cata-clysmic foreign trip than the one that we just witnessed. This country can survive a lot. We are resilient. But President Trump is making this country a laughing stock. We used to be a pillar of strength, an example to be looked up to. Now we are the butt of jokes. We are seen as weak—a total pushover. All you need to do if you are a despot or an autocrat or an enemy of America is to get in the room with the U.S. President, and he will give you everything you want, with no price to pay. That is America in the world today, and I couldn’t be sadder about it. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Wash-ington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor in support of the nomina-tion of Scott Stump, to be Assistant Secretary of Education for Career, Technical, and Adult Education. As President Trump and Secretary DeVos continue to roll back protec-tions for students and make it easier for predatory for-profit colleges to take advantage of our students, stu-dents need someone at the Department who will remain committed to putting them first no matter what Secretary DeVos tries to pressure him to do. Although most of the nominees President Trump has picked for the De-partment have pledged their allegiance to Secretary DeVos and her agenda, I believe Mr. Stump will be different. If confirmed, Mr. Stump would be respon-sible for advising Secretary DeVos on career and technical education, adult education and literacy, and community college education while overseeing over $2 billion in funding to provide our stu-dents and workers with the education and skills they need to compete and get ahead in the 21st century. Mr. Stump’s resume shows he is a nominee who is qualified for this posi-tion. He has served as the assistant provost for career and technical edu-cation for the Colorado Community College System. He was elected by his peers to serve as the president of the National Association of State Direc-tors of Career Technical Education Consortium. He also earned the support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.009 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4963 July 16, 2018 
of a number of key stakeholders and advocacy groups. If confirmed, Mr. Stump would be re-sponsible for adult education and lit-eracy, which would help adults get the basic skills they need to be productive workers and family members and citi-zens, and which would help community colleges ensure students have the edu-cation and skills they need to advance in their education and their careers in order to remain competitive in the 21st century. Finally, the Office of Career, Tech-nical, and Adult Education at the De-partment of Education is responsible for implementing the Perkins Career and Technical Education Act. It is a critical law that gives students and workers the education and skills they need to succeed, and it provides busi-nesses with a high-quality talent pipe-line of workers with in-demand skills to compete in a 21st century economy. Last month, members of our HELP Committee set partisan differences aside and passed the reauthorization of the Perkins CTE Act, which makes im-portant updates to support an edu-cation system that prepares students and workers for an economy and a country that works for everyone. In order to help students, workers, and businesses compete in a rapidly changing global economy, it is criti-cally important that we pass that reau-thorization, which would allow pro-grams to adapt to the unique needs of their communities and continue to pro-vide students and workers with the education and training that is nec-essary for them to get better jobs, earn higher wages, and climb up the eco-nomic ladder. As Members of Congress, we should always be looking for ways to help make people’s lives better, which is why I hope we can advance this long overdue bill to the floor in a timely fashion. If the Senate confirms Mr. Stump, I hope he will remain committed to put-ting students and workers first no mat-ter what pressure he gets. If he is able to do that, I look forward to working with him to help provide high-quality education and to ensure that, above all, our focus is on students and their success. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. All time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Stump nomina-tion? Mrs. ERNST. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: The Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Sen-ator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RA-
HAM), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), and the Sen-ator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New York (Ms. G
ILLI-
BRAND ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Michi-gan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABE -
NOW) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 85, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 155 Ex.] YEAS—85 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Johnson Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Smith Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—15 
Boozman Gillibrand Graham Heller Inhofe Isakson Jones Kennedy Leahy McCain Moran Peters Shaheen Shelby Stabenow 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The Senator from Idaho. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, I ask that the Senate now proceed to Executive Calendar No. 601, as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of James Blew, of California, to be Assist-ant Secretary for Planning, Evalua-tion, and Policy Development, Depart-ment of Education. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, due to travel issues, I was unable to attend today’s rollcall vote on the nomination of Scott Stump to be Assistant Sec-retary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education at the Department of Edu-cation. Had I been able to attend, I would have supported his nomination. ∑ 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, as you may know, I enthusiastically sup-ported the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that passed the Senate and was signed into law 6 months ago. Over the past 6 months, the law’s positive impact on our country’s economy has not gone unnoticed. Companies, both large and small, are distributing bonuses, raising wages, and investing in their busi-nesses. While many observers recognize the positive ways in which the law is increasing economic confidence and lowering rates for individual taxpayers, the benefits to small businesses are sometimes overlooked. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship, I strongly supported the tax law because I be-lieved it would reduce taxes for small businesses responsible for employing millions of Americans, allowing small business owners to invest in their busi-nesses and increase economic growth. I recently began this series of speeches to bring attention to the benefits this law provides for small businesses. While many reports over the past 6 months focus on the new tax law’s im-pact on large corporations, I rise today to bring attention to how tax reform is benefiting HBM Technology Partners, a small business in Reno, NV. HEM Technology Partners provides com-puter hardware, information tech-nology systems, and computer services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.010 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4964 July 16, 2018 
to businesses throughout the Reno area. HBM Technology Partners, incor-porated by Harry Foote in 1929 as Har-ry’s Business Machines, originally sold typewriters and various office supplies. After weathering the hard years of the Great Depression and World War II, Harry’s son, Gordon, became active in the business after returning from serv-ing our country in the Armed Forces. In the early 1980s Gordon’s son, Gary, continued the family tradition of work-ing in the business, and the company began selling electronics, computers, and printers. During this time, the company also started providing spe-cialty plastic-card printing machines to customers in the gaming industry and servicing Hewlett-Packard prod-ucts. The company now sells several different types of computer hardware and software, cybersecurity products, data backup systems, and specialty printers. I commend HBM Technologies for their ability to continually evolve to meet their customers’ needs and adapt as new technologies are intro-duced. Because of last year’s tax law, this third generation family-owned small business recently distributed bonuses to its seven employees. These bonuses allow the workforce at HBM Tech-nologies to have more financial free-dom to provide for their families. Sto-ries like this exist all over the country. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act opens the door for small businesses to invest in their businesses, hire new workers, and increase wages. Additionally, the new law increases small businesses’ con-fidence and allows them to reward their longtime employees, while also lowering small businesses’ taxes and encouraging new capital investment. I congratulate HBM technologies on their hard work and look forward to watching their continued success. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
21ST HONOR FLIGHT NORTHERN COLORADO ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I stand here today to honor the distin-guished veterans of the Northern Colo-rado Honor Flight who have made the 21st trip to Washington, DC. Over 120 distinguished veterans from World War II, the Korean war, and the Vietname war made the trip to visit our national memorials that were built in their honor. Military service is an exceptional duty to country. Few words can de-scribe the sacrifice that these men and woman have made for our country. They have helped to preserve our rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Without reservation or fear, when our country has been threat-ened, our veterans have stepped up and have answered our country’s call. Twice a year, veterans are able to travel to our Nation’s Capital, where we get to recognize their selflessness, fortitude, and bravery. In 2005 the Honor Flight Program was formed to honor veterans that served in World War II. Now, 13 years later, the pro-gram spans across our country and rec-ognizes veterans from every genera-tion, who are able to travel to Wash-ington, DC, free of charge. Please join me in honoring William Behrns, Leila Morrison, Gail Wares, Melvin Cook, Eldred Cooley, Eugene Curry, Bead Dennison, James Dewey, Tito Garcia Jr., Karl Gruber, Manuel Jimenez, Donald Johnson, Myron Kapperman, Roger Lindgren, Bobby Lewis, John Mansfield, Thomas Ma-thias Jr., Dale Mikkelson, Mary Miller, Robert Murphy, Howard Nornes, James Onorato, Wilbur Smith, Sigvard Stenlund, Bruce Abel, Gary Allen, Rus-sell Ayer, Roger Baker, John Ballenski, Phillip Ballenski, Robert Beckman, Delmar Benkendorf, Joseph Bicek, Ivan Birdsall, Roger Booker, James Boyle, Ronnie Brown, Robert Buchanan, Ronald Byers, Wesley Car-ter, Timothy Casseday, Everett Col-lins, David Cordova, John Cordova, Keith Cross, Terry Curry, Terry Dack, Scott Dallman, James Ehrlich, Rodney Enriques, Gary Evans, Brian Finkle, Lewis Finch, Rudolph Gallegos, Pete Gomez, Clayton Goss, Stanley Graffis, John Haddick, Michael Hadwick, Wil-liam Hamlin, Arthur Harris, Michelle Herdengen, Charles Hill, Richard Hill, William Hilgenberg, Ronald Hoagland, Robert Johnson, Ronald Klug, Terry Kramer, Lonnie Kruise, Darrel Kyger, Bertram Langeberg, Gerald Lauer, Jay Lee, James Lichty, Anthony Lucas, Thomas Mannix, Juan Martinez, Mo-desto Martinez, James McDaniel, Ken-neth McDonald, Ronald McDuff, Phyl-lis Minch, Alfred Montoya, Thomas Moreno, Donald Morris, Stephen Mor-ris, Dennis Moss, Joseph Muzy, Emery Patrick, Joseph Plummer, Steven Prater, Benjamin Prieb, Ronald Rains, Donald Ratliff, Richard Regan, Fredrick Reiter, Thomas Robb, Bonnie Rohn, Fernando Romero Jr., Charles Rossi, Janice Schilling, Dennis Seitz, William Sladek, Michael Smith, Ste-phen Smith, Edward Snider Jr., John Tallman, Bruce Tibboel, Gary Todd, Gary Trippel, Billy Trobee, David Valdez, Wesley Van Pelt, Louis Velasquez, Stuart Veltkamp, Paul Wal-lace, Bryan Warwick, Tom Wasmer, Robert Watters, Steven Wilson, John Yost, and William Young.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by—Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the Committee on Armed Services. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 50. An act to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes. H.R. 3281. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to facilitate the trans-fer to non-Federal ownership of appropriate reclamation projects or facilities, and for other purposes. H.R. 6237. An act to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Commu-nity Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 50. An act to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.R. 3281. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to facilitate the trans-fer to non-Federal ownership of appropriate reclamation projects or facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5943. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary of Legislative Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Report to Congress from the Chairman of the Na-tional Advisory Council on International Monetary and Financial Policies’’; to the Committees on Appropriations; and Foreign Relations. EC–5944. A communication from the Assist-ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, five (5) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Defense, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5945. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting proposed leg-islation; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–5946. A communication from the Sanc-tions Regulations Advisor, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Iranian Transactions and Sanctions Regulations’’ (31 CFR Part 560) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 29, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.015 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4965 July 16, 2018 
EC–5947. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of Housing-Federal Hous-ing Commissioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Streamlining Inspection Requirements for Federal Housing Administration (FHA) Sin-gle-Family Mortgage Insurance: Removal of the FHA Inspector Roster’’ (RIN2502–AJ03) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 11, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5948. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the semiannual report on the continued compliance of Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan with the 1974 Trade Act’s freedom of emigration provi-sions, as required under the Jackson-Vanik Amendment; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5949. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to Japan, France, and Switzerland to support the de-sign, development, manufacture, and final delivery of completed Boeing 777–300ER New Government Aircraft to Japan in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–004); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–5950. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms, parts, and components abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions List of 7.62mm automatic machine gun systems, barrels, spare parts, components, technical data, and basic oper-ator maintenance training to Saudi Arabia in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 17–109); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5951. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the manufacture abroad of significant military equipment and the export of defense articles, including technical data, defense services to Israel to support the manufacture, design, development, fabrication, assembly, testing and repair of tail booms, tail cones, tail rotor pylons stabilators and folding rotor blade systems for H–60/S–70 helicopters in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 17–143); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5952. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, the certification of a proposed li-cense for the manufacture of significant military equipment abroad and the export of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to Norway to support the design, development, assembly, engineer-ing, integration, and manufacturing of the Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missile (AMRAAM) propulsion sections in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–119); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–5953. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions List of semi-auto-matic pistols, rifles, and bolt-action rifles for commercial resale to Canada in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–007); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–5954. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report containing information about a proposed transaction that is necessary for and within the scope of the 2013 Presidential waiver of the prohibitions in sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act relative to Syria; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–5955. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms, parts, and accessories abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions List of fully automatic 5.56mm carbines and commando rifles with accessories, operator’s manuals and training to Qatar in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–092); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–5956. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a certification regarding the Essential Health Benefits (EHB) require-ments of the Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5957. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Assistance to States for the Education of Children with Disabilities; Preschool Grants for Children with Disabilities’’ (RIN1820–AB77) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 10, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5958. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–380, ‘‘Commission on the Arts and Humanities Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5959. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–392, ‘‘Public Housing Credit- Building Pilot Program Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5960. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–395, ‘‘Green Finance Author-ity Establishment Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5961. A communication from the Regu-lations Officer, Federal Highway Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Addition to the National Network’’ (RIN2125–AF82) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5962. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of the Dahlonega Plateau Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC33) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 11, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: S. 1573. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Discovery Trail’’, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 301). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 1645. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Mary-land, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 302). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Report to accompany S. 2857, a bill to des-ignate the Nordic Museum in Seattle, Wash-ington, as the ‘‘National Nordic Museum’’, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–303). By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, without amendment: S. 3217. An original bill to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 3213. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to subject crowdfunding vehicles to the jurisdiction of the Securities and Ex-change Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EE, and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 3214. A bill to amend the Sherman Act to make oil-producing and exporting cartels illegal; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: S. 3215. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to require the development of a bus operations safety risk reduction pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Ms. SMITH (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , and Mr. U DALL ): S. 3216. A bill to amend the Indian Civil Rights Act of 1968 to extend the jurisdiction of tribal courts to cover crimes involving sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. ALEXANDER: S. 3217. An original bill to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006; from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; placed on the calendar. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 259 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 259, a bill to modify the prohibition on recognition by United States courts of certain rights relating to certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.004 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4966 July 16, 2018 
marks, trade names, or commercial names. 
S. 693 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 693, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nurs-ing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assistant education programs, to pro-mote education and research in pallia-tive care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medicine. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1121, a bill to establish a postsecondary student data system. 
S. 1158 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1158, a bill to help prevent acts of geno-cide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international se-curity, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises. 
S. 1232 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1232, a bill to amend the Federal Meat Inspection Act to exempt from inspection the slaughter of animals and the preparation of carcasses conducted at a custom slaughter facility, and for other purposes. 
S. 1301 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOL-
LEN) and the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1301, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1580 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1580, a bill to enhance the trans-parency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and sec-ondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes. S. 1589 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1589, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock owner-ship plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1879 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1879, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of marriage and family therapist services and men-tal health counselor services under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1917 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1917, a bill to reform sen-tencing laws and correctional institu-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1958 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1958, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to require Internet-based, real-time responses to requests to verify taxpayer income for legitimate business purposes, and for other purposes. 
S. 1990 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1990, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the amounts payable by the Department of Veterans Affairs for dependency and in-demnity compensation, to modify the requirements for dependency and in-demnity compensation for survivors of certain veterans rated totally disabled at the time of death, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2358 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2358, a bill to require a study on women and lung cancer, and for other purposes. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Ex-port Control Act to make improve-ments to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2578 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. KAINE) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2578, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Commerce to provide ad-vanced notice to Congress before changing any questions on the decen-nial census, and for other purposes. 
S. 2821 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2821, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as ra-diation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connec-tion of certain disabilities by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the news-print and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2843 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of additional residency positions to help combat the opioid cri-sis. 
S. 2863 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2863, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint a coin in com-memoration of the opening of the Na-tional Law Enforcement Museum in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 2961 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2961, a bill to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. 
S. 3084 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3084, a bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to allow Members of Congress to tour detention facilities that house unaccompanied alien children. 
S. 3112 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3112, a bill to provide standards for facilities at which aliens in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security are detained, and for other purposes. 
S. 3154 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from New York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.009 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4967 July 16, 2018 
(Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3154, a bill to ensure Members of Congress have access to Federal facilities in order to exercise their Constitutional oversight respon-sibilities. 
S. 3192 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3192, a bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to update and modernize the reporting requirements for contaminants, including lead, in drinking water, and for other purposes. 
S. 3194 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3194, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to cap prescription drug cost-sharing, and for other purposes. 
S. 3198 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3198, a bill to require annual reports on allied contributions to the common de-fense, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 7 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Con. Res. 7, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Con-gress that tax-exempt fraternal benefit societies have historically provided and continue to provide critical bene-fits to the people and communities of the United States. 
S. RES. 435 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 435, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian Famine of 1932–1933, known as the Holodomor, should serve as a reminder of repres-sive Soviet policies against the people of Ukraine. 
S. RES. 525 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 525, a resolution des-ignating September 2018 as National Democracy Month as a time to reflect on the contributions of the system of government of the United States to a more free and stable world. 
S. RES. 556 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 556, a resolution reaffirming the commitment of the United States to hold the Ortega regime accountable for acts of violence and human rights abuses perpetrated against the Nica-raguan people. 
S. RES. 571 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. CASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 571, a resolution con-demning the ongoing illegal occupation of Crimea by the Russian Federation. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3394. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 4, to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3395. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 4, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3394. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 4, to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5026. EVALUATION OF AIRPORT MASTER PLANS. 
Section 47106 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) E
VALUATION OF AIRPORT MASTER  P
LANS .—When evaluating the master plan of an airport for purposes of this subchapter, the Secretary shall take into account— ‘‘(1) the role the airport plays with respect to medical emergencies and evacuations; and ‘‘(2) the role the airport plays in emer-gency or disaster preparedness in the com-munity served by the airport.’’. 
SA 3395. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 4, to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5026. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING WOMEN IN AVIATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that the avia-tion industry should explore all opportuni-ties, including pilot training, science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics edu-cation, and mentorship programs, to encour-age and support female students and aviators to pursue a career in aviation. 
SEC. 5027. SUPPORTING WOMEN’S INVOLVEMENT IN THE AVIATION FIELD. 
(a) A DVISORY BOARD .—To encourage women and girls to enter the field of aviation, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall create and facilitate the Women in Aviation Advisory Board (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Board’’), with the objective of promoting organizations and programs that are providing education, training, mentorship, outreach, and recruit-ment of women into the aviation industry. (b) C
OMPOSITION .—The Board shall consist of members whose diverse background and expertise allows them to contribute balanced points of view and ideas regarding the strate-gies and objectives set forth in subsection (f). (c) S
ELECTION .—Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall appoint members of the Board, including representatives from the following: (1) Major airlines and aerospace compa-nies. (2) Nonprofit organizations within the aviation industry. (3) Aviation business associations. (4) Engineering business associations. (5) United States Air Force Auxiliary, Civil Air Patrol. (6) Institutions of higher education and aviation trade schools. (d) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed to the Board for the dura-tion of the existence of the Board. (e) C
OMPENSATION .—Board members shall serve without compensation. (f) D
UTIES .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Board shall present a comprehensive plan for strat-egies the Administration can take, which in-clude the following objectives: (1) Identifying industry trends that di-rectly or indirectly encourage or discourage women from pursuing careers in aviation. (2) Coordinating the efforts of airline com-panies, nonprofit organizations, and aviation and engineering associations to facilitate support for women pursuing careers in avia-tion. (3) Creating opportunities to expand exist-ing scholarship opportunities for women in the aviation industry. (4) Enhancing aviation training, mentorship, education, and outreach pro-grams that are exclusive to women. (g) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Board shall submit a report outlining the comprehensive plan for strategies pursuant to subsection (f) to— (A) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; (B) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (C) the Administrator. (2) A
VAILABILITY ONLINE .—The Adminis-trator shall make the report publicly avail-able online and in print. (h) S
UNSET .—The Board shall terminate upon the submittal of the report pursuant to subsection (g). f 
URGING THE GOVERNMENT OF THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO TO FULFILL ITS AGREEMENT TO HOLD CREDIBLE ELECTIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 436, S. Res. 386. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 386) urging the Gov-ernment of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to fulfill its agreement to hold cred-ible elections, comply with constitutional limits on presidential terms, and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a democratic transition of power by taking concrete and measurable steps towards holding elections not later than December 2018 as outlined in the existing election calendar, and allowing for freedom of expression and association. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment to strike all after the re-solving clause and insert the part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.011 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4968 July 16, 2018 
printed in italic, and with an amend-ment to strike the preamble and insert the part printed in italic, as follows: 
S. R ES. 386 Whereas the people of the United States have a strong relationship with the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and a strong commitment to the principles of democ-racy and adherence to the rule of law; Whereas, in 2006, the Government of the DRC adopted a new constitution that limited the President to two consecutive five-year terms, which for President Joseph Kabila expired on December 19, 2016; Whereas President Kabila swore to uphold the constitution of the DRC as part of his oath of office; Whereas the constitutionally required elec-tions have not yet taken place; Whereas citizens of the DRC have repeatedly demanded that their constitutional right to elect a new President after two terms be upheld and that President Kabila must therefore step down; Whereas, on December 31, 2016, the National Episcopal Conference of Congolese Bishops me-diated a political agreement between the ruling coalition and main opposition parties under which President Kabila is prohibited from run-ning for a third term, constitutional changes which would extend the President’s time in of-fice are prohibited, and elections were to be held before the end of 2017; Whereas, on March 31, 2017, the United Na-tions Security Council adopted Resolution 2348, which called for a ‘‘swift implementation’’ of the December 2016 political agreement, including ‘‘peaceful, credible, inclusive and timely elec-tions no later than December 2017, leading to a peaceful transition of power’’; Whereas, on June 21, 2017, the United Nations Security Council adopted Resolution 2360, which stressed ‘‘the importance of the DRC and its national partners taking all necessary steps to accelerate preparations for the elections with-out further delays’’; Whereas, on November 5, 2017, the Congolese electoral commission released a calendar that would delay elections until at least December 23, 2018, while noting numerous ‘‘constraints’’ that could impact respect of this calendar; Whereas the failure to hold constitutionally required elections has increased political uncer-tainty, violence, and instability inside the DRC, and the United Nations Under-Secretary Gen-eral for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator said that amid the political stalemate, ‘‘conflict is rapidly spreading across the country and in appalling ways, even in a country blighted by violence and insecurity for decades’’; Whereas, despite contributions in billions of dollars in development, peacekeeping, humani-tarian, and diplomatic support from the United States and the international community over the past two decades, persistent insecurity has plagued the DRC and a perpetual humanitarian crisis is devolving rapidly further as a result of President Kabila’s continued effort to maintain the presidency; Whereas the natural wealth of the DRC is mo-nopolized by a narrow few and enabled by en-demic corruption, regional proxy conflict, and poor governance, which together have promoted insecurity and resulted in rates of internal dis-placement, disease, and mortality approaching the highest in the world; Whereas political space in the DRC continues to be heavily restricted, as evidenced by arrests and detention of members of the political opposi-tion, democratic activists, and journalists, and by restrictions on fundamental freedoms such as speech and assembly, and Congolese state secu-rity forces have repeatedly responded to peace-ful protestors with violence including assaults on Catholic communities; Whereas American Michael Sharp and Swede Zaida Catala´n, members of the United Nations Group of Experts, were assassinated in 2017 while investigating reports of atrocities by state security forces in the Kasai region, and there has been little effort made by the Government of the DRC to cooperate with any independent in-vestigation into these murders; and Whereas members of the opposition have been targeted, arrested, harassed, and violently at-tacked by security forces: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses concern that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo failed to hold elections in 2016 as required by its Con-stitution and later failed to fulfill its political commitment to hold elections in 2017; (2) expresses concern that the growing secu-rity, humanitarian, and human rights crisis in the DRC is exacerbated by the lack of a duly elected leadership; (3) recognizes that impunity and the lack of effective rule of law undermine democracy, and that the arrest and detention of civil society ac-tivists and the harassment of political opponents close political space and repress peaceful dis-sent; (4) calls on the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to complete concrete steps towards holding elections, including— (A) issuance of district-level voter registration data; (B) completion of legislation to enable redis-tricting; (C) fulfillment of the constitutionally required step of ‘‘calling the electorate’’; (D) publication of the final list of presidential and parliamentary candidates; and (E) holding presidential, parliamentary, and provincial elections by December 23, 2018; (5) calls on the opposition to take all steps possible within the DRC to support and promote immediate free, fair, and inclusive elections; (6) welcomes United States Government sanc-tions targeting several senior security officials and other individuals responsible for human rights abuses, impeding democracy, and gross corruption in the DRC; (7) encourages the careful vetting of all planned United States assistance to Congolese state security forces to ensure that its impact and importance to United States national secu-rity objectives outweigh the potential damage to United States interests that might result in working with the state security services of the DRC; (8) notes the importance of continued unity among the international community that untest-ed, un-piloted technology, such as electronic voting machines, given their high cost, risk of failure, and potential for manipulation, should not be used if a credible election process is in-tended to benefit all Congolese citizens; (9) calls on the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to cooperate with United States, Swedish, and United Nations officials to enable a credible and independent investigation of the killing of Michael Sharp and Zaida Catala´n, and to identify and bring to justice those responsible for their murder; (10) calls on the Government of the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo to end political ar-rests and free political detainees, including youth activists, in support of a credible and in-clusive electoral environment; and (11) urges the President of the United States, in close coordination with regional and other international partners, to use appropriate means— (A) to provide appropriate electoral assistance to support the organization of credible elections in the DRC by December 23, 2018; and (B) to deter further electoral calendar slippage and abuses against the people of Congo, includ-ing through the consideration of targeted sanc-tions against high-level DRC officials, including close associates of President Joseph Kabila re-sponsible for further delay of or impediment to elections or otherwise maintaining President Kabila’s rule beyond the constitution’s two-term limit. Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the reso-lution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the question is on adoption of the resolution, as amended. The resolution (S. Res. 386), as amended, was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported amendment to the preamble be agreed to, the preamble, as amended, be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment to the preamble in the nature of a sub-stitute was agreed to. The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JULY 17, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 17; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I ask that following leader re-marks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Blew nomination, under the pre-vious order, and that at 11:45 a.m. all time be yielded back and the Senate then vote on confirmation of the nomi-nation with no intervening action or debate, and that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; further, that following disposition of the Blew nomination and notwithstanding rule XXII, the cloture motions filed on Thursday, July 12 ripen; finally, that following the clo-ture vote on the Quarles nomination, the Senate stand in recess until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.014 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4969 July 16, 2018 
previous order, following the remarks of Senators B
ROWN and S ASSE. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Nebraska. 
f 
TRUMP-PUTIN SUMMIT Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about what hap-pened in Helsinki today. Let’s not mince words. Today was a terrible day for the American brand, for the American people, and for all of our allies. We did not negotiate from a position of strength. We acted from a position of weakness. As a result, one of the world’s worst despots walked away today from Helsinki with a win. Vladmir Putin is walking away from Helsinki with an undeserved legit-imacy. The United States took a loss today when we backed away from our longstanding commitment to prin-cipled American leadership and, frank-ly, basic reality. Today the press asked the President of the United States whom he believed on the subject of Russia’s information operation in the United States in 2016. Did he believe in the men and women of the U.S. intelligence community or did he believe in Vladimir Putin, a member of the Russian intelligence community, a thug turned Russian des-pot? The choice here was between the peo-ple who are risking their lives on be-half of our freedom and people who go around the world taking people’s lives to limit freedom. The President of the United States—how did he answer? He answered that he didn’t see ‘‘any rea-son’’ why Putin would have interfered in the U.S. election. Make no mistake. Putin has a rea-son. The reason is clear to all those who have been watching growing Rus-sian authoritarianism in recent years. Putin wants to weaken the U.S. Gov-ernment. Putin wants to make the American people believe that our sys-tem of government isn’t any different than his ‘‘thugocracy.’’ Putin wants to destroy NATO, which isn’t just an alli-ance. It is, arguably, the most impor-tant military alliance in two mil-lennia. Putin wants to undermine confidence in self-government, not only in this country but around the world. That is why Putin, a Soviet-style dictator who thinks a lot more about American elec-tions than he ever thinks about his sham elections, attacked us in 2016. It is why he is planning to attack us this fall in 2018. It is why there are ongoing information operations against the United States and against our public at present, as everyone who goes into a SCIF and reads their intelligence brief-ing knows. It is why Putin is planning to attack the U.S. 2020 election al-ready. That is why the men and women of the U.S. intelligence community unanimously and without any regard to party understand that Putin waged an information operation against the United States in 2016. That is why Dan Coats, an esteemed former Member of this body, went to the press today—not 6 months ago— and reaffirmed: ‘‘Our assessments of Russian meddling in the 2016 election and their ongoing pervasive efforts to undermine our democracy’’ remain the opinion of the U.S. intelligence com-munity. This isn’t a question of Republican versus Democrats. This is a question of patriotism versus deciding that you want to be on the side of sowing dis-cord and doubt in America. We shouldn’t sugarcoat this. Vladi-mir Putin is a despot, and he is propped up by a band of oligarchs every bit as corrupt as he is. Putin fakes democ-racy while preventing free and fair elections. Putin funnels massive amounts of Russian wealth from him-self to himself and his cronies and keeps an iron grip on the press. These matters are not matters of dis-pute. It is not ‘‘on the one hand’’ or ‘‘the other hand’’ or what some people are saying. The Russian people know who Vladimir Putin is. You can ask the leaders of political opposition in that country who tried to get a free and fair election. You can ask the human rights activists or the international observers who try to speak up against what he has done or show up in my office to give firsthand accounts in certain situ-ations in which Putin has intervened. You can ask the journalists who tried to expose corruption in the country. Do you know who these men and women often end up being? They are the men and women who just ran-domly, disproportionately happen to fall out of fifth story windows of office buildings in Moscow and St. Peters-burg, the people who just randomly happen to show up in one-car accidents that either are never investigated or, when they are investigated, unfortu-nately, there weren’t witnesses and there are never prosecutions. Vladimir Putin is working overtime to make the Soviet Union great again. Over the past decade, he has carried out an aggressive, often brutal expan-sionist campaign. In 2008, he invaded next-door Georgia. In 2014, he invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea. Putin has provided military support to the Assad regime in Syria. Russian troops are responsible for the deaths of thou-sands of civilians. Under the guise of attacking the Islamic State, Russia has targeted hospitals and schools and many other civilian locations. Putin is currently flexing his muscle across Europe, although his preference there is always for more subtle means than tanks and Kalashnikovs, if he can get away with it. One, he has more deniability and, two, it is cheaper. In 2007, Estonia was hit with a wave of cyber attacks originating in Russia— the beginning of a campaign of cyber warfare that has become one of Mr. Putin’s primary tools. Not only in the Baltics and Ukraine but in Germany and France, as recently as last year, Russian hackers attempted to interfere with elections, disrupt parliamentary proceedings, and shut down media op-erations. This is in addition to trying to put his thumb on the scale of pro- Putin parties across Europe, including by spreading misinformation through influential Russian-backed and Rus-sian-originating social media accounts. These questions are not actually gray—gray space war—but any Member of this body who does their homework, any Member of the House down the hall who does their homework, and lots of the good and well-meaning people who serve around the President who do their homework know these things to be true. These questions are not in dis-pute. Putin’s most daring performance to date, though, was deciding to take on the most powerful country in the world with an influence operation inside the United States. National political com-mittees in 2016 saw their computer net-works breached and their data stolen. Vladimir Putin isn’t obsessed with the ups and downs of political life here in the United States. He isn’t an agent of one party or the other—one candidate or the other. Vladimir Putin is an agent of chaos, and his objective is to undermine trust. His objective is to make Americans doubt ourselves and doubt whether U.S. leadership over the last 75 years has been a good or a bad thing and to doubt whether we should keep our word to our allies. Vladimir Putin’s objective is to make us think there is no difference between coun-tries on the global stage that believe in human rights, that believe in free press, free religion, free assembly, and free speech versus those who don’t. Vladimir Putin’s goal is to breach a moral equivalency that allows his thugocracy to be no less ugly than what happens in our country, where people who often disagree decide to argue by means of reason and persua-sion, not by violence. His goals aren’t that hard to figure out. His enemy is trust and good faith. Vladimir Putin is trying to create mis-trust in this country, and today the President of the United States decided to let Vladimir Putin off the hook and, in so doing, he creates an incentive for Putin to ratchet up his campaigns of misinformation. This should be a time for all Americans to stand together against what Putin is doing. It is a fun-damental part of the President’s job to articulate basic truths. While we are being clear about who Vladimir Putin is, we should also be clear about who we, the American peo-ple, are. We are a nation that believes in human dignity. We believe this isn’t just true of 320 million Americans; it is true of 7.5 billion people across this globe. We believe in free speech, free-dom of religion, freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, and the right of protest—not because government gives us those rights but because God cre-ated us with dignity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.015 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4970 July 16, 2018 
Government is not the author or source of people’s rights. Governments are just tools to secure the rights that people have by virtue of having been created with dignity. In other words, we believe the very stuff that terrifies Vladimir Putin. Vladimir Putin believes only that might makes right. Americans don’t believe that. We never have, and may we never devolve to believing only that. We are dedicated to the thesis that the dignity of every person is worth protecting. It is not the job of the U.S. Government to be the police-men of every Nation on Earth, but it is most clearly part of the job of the United States to articulate, on the global stage, things that are true of ev-eryone, everywhere. We are dedicated to the idea that humans should flour-ish. Vladimir Putin is dedicated to the opposite. He crushes men, women, and children underfoot for the purposes of keeping his hold on power. Americans do not stand with Vladimir Putin. Americans stand with the Russian champions of liberty and of free speech, freedom of religion, freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, and the right of protest against tyrants like Vladimir Putin. We believe in peace through strength, and we believe in basic moral clarity. That is why, in the wake of the world’s two most destructive wars, Americans created an international order. It is an American-led international order. The international order embodies Amer-ica’s fundamental values, and we push back against the drift to Old World authoritarianism in all of its forms— the very things Vladimir Putin lusts after. This world isn’t made for the elites, but it is made for American interests to be articulated because we are the de facto leader of the free world. That is why we have always negotiated from a position of strength. Sadly, today, we negotiated from a position of weakness. In previous years, many Americans, myself in-cluded, have spoken out against the crazy idea that America could some-how ‘‘lead from behind.’’ Today, Amer-ica decided to simply give in. As I came to the floor tonight, the President tweeted that ‘‘in order to build a brighter future, we cannot exclusively focus on the past.’’ Fair enough, but let’s talk about that future. What do we want from it and at what cost? Is the cost of the future President Trump wants the sacrificing of American moral leadership on the global stage? Is it walking away from the idea that 7.5 billion people have been created with dignity? Is it walking away from the idea that America fundamentally announces to the world that we believe everybody has the rights of free speech, press, religion, assembly, and protest not because a government might decide to condescend and grant you this right? The government’s job is to serve the people by preserving these rights which come from nature and nature’s God. The problem today is not the United States. The problem today is not the Russian people. The problem that need-ed to be named today was Vladimir Putin. Instead, our President decided to advance a faith moral equivalency that plays right into the hands of Vladimir Putin’s bloody hands. Every-one in this body should be disgusted by what happened in Helsinki today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
f 
NOMINATION OF RANDAL QUARLES Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, it has been a good year to be a Wall Street banker. Barely a day goes by that doesn’t bring news of another con-sumer protection rollback, another un-raveling of taxpayer protections, or an-other handout to Wall Street. The man at the center of many of these deci-sions is right now, on this floor, up for nomination to a 14-year term as Gov-ernor on the Board of the Federal Re-serve. When Randy Quarles’ nomination to serve as Vice Chair of Supervision at the Fed—the first person ever to serve in that position—when it came before the Senate last year, I urged my col-leagues to vote no. Quarles’ record wor-ried many of us that he wasn’t inter-ested in doing actual supervision. I said he seemed far too ready to swallow fi-nancial industry talking points, once again, and relax the rules for Wall Street. Since then, his record at the Federal Reserve his confirmed the worst fears so many of us held. In just 10 months under Mr. Quarles’ leadership, the Fed has taken steps to systematically un-ravel Wall Street reform. Let’s look at what happened. Start with the stress test. The Fed allowed the seven largest banks to redirect $96 billion that should have been used to pay workers, to reduce fees for con-sumers, and to protect taxpayers from bailouts. Instead, they plowed that money into share buybacks and divi-dends that do what? Of course, they re-ward wealthy executives and the big-gest investors. Two banks, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, had capital below the required amounts. Those banks failed the test, but they got passing grades anyway because they are Wall Street. The Fed reportedly called them up and let them haggle over the test results. Imagine this hap-pening in school—when you were at school growing up in Oklahoma or I in Ohio—to allow them to proceed after haggling over the test results. They al-lowed them to proceed with buybacks and dividends that would drain the re-quired capital. Under Quarles’ leadership, the Fed wants to make funneling money back into stock buybacks even easier. The Fed’s pending proposal on Big Bank capital will allow the eight largest banks in this country—banks each worth hundreds of billions of dollars— to redirect up to $121 billion into share buybacks and dividends. This is money that could be used to protect taxpayers from bailouts. Remember, share buybacks and divi-dends juice stock prices. They do little to increase long-term growth or to re-ward the workers who make a com-pany’s success possible. Going forward, the Fed also wants to make stress tests even easier. Apparently, haggling with the megabanks over the scores wasn’t lenient enough. Quarles has proposed letting bankers comment on the tests before they are administered. That is like letting the students write the exams, and the Fed is considering dropping the qualitative portion of the stress test altogether. That is the part of the test that exam-ines banks’ risk management proc-esses, data systems, and the fitness of its board of directors. I understand these board of directors are all paid—I believe in every single case of the eight largest banks—at least $200,000 a year. The Fed plans changes for the Volcker rule, the rule that stops big banks from taking big risks with Americans’ money. That rule requires the banks make invest-ments in the real economy, not casino- style trades using families’ checking and savings accounts. Lest you think only American banks are getting a handout, soon foreign banks will be getting in on the action. This spring, Mr. Quarles said the Fed wants to loosen the rules on foreign megabanks. We are talking about Deutsche Bank, Santander, UBS, Cred-it Suisse, and Barclays. You have read about those banks. In most cases, those banks have broken our laws. These for-eign banks have broken our laws time and again. Yet we are going to loosen the rules on these foreign megabanks. The question I have with all these weakening of protections for American taxpayers and American consumers is, What problem exactly is the Fed, under Mr. Quarles’ watch, trying to solve? Banks increased their profits by 13 per-cent last year. That is before you ac-count for the windfall in the tax cut. When you add in the tax benefits, it was a 28-percent increase in their prof-its. The banking sector bought back $77 billion worth of stock last year. The CEOs of the six largest banks got an average raise of 22 percent. So what ex-actly is Mr. Quarles trying to fix? What is not going all the banks’ way day after day? The CEO of Wells Fargo got a 36-percent raise, even as scandal after scandal mounted at the bank under his watch. I don’t think these megabanks are really the people who need Mr. Quarles’ help. Maybe you ought to look else-where. Maybe look at the tellers. The average teller in this country makes $12.50 an hour. Wages for ordinary Americans simply aren’t moving up. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.016 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4971 July 16, 2018 
Mr. Quarles was in a very similar po-sition a decade ago in the Bush admin-istration. The financial sector was booming, but average Americans were sitting around their kitchen tables, feeling less and less secure, wondering what they were going to do next. During this time when Mr. Quarles served in the Bush administration, the Treasury Department’s foreclosure fil-ings in Ohio doubled—from around 40,000 at the beginning of 2002 to 80,000 by the end of 2006. Mr. Quarles just brushed off concerns about the growing troubles in the mortgage market. Fa-mously, he said in those days, in 2006, that the future looked bright. His ac-tions today suggest he ain’t learned a lot since. His amnesia and the collec-tive amnesia of this body are just a lit-tle too familiar in this town. We can’t afford any more nominees who fail American workers, who fail American homeowners, or who fail American tax-payers. It always comes back to, whose side are you on? Are you going to fight for the little guy, whether she punches a time clock or whether he works in a diner, or are you going to fight for the 1 percent? Are we here to serve Amer-ican workers in the middle class, or are we here to serve Wall Street? Randal Quarles has made it clear whose side he is on. I urge my colleagues to reject his nomination. 
f 
THE FREE PRESS Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, first, I want to say how much I appreciate Senator S
ASSE’s words. I hope that other people in his political party will have the courage he has to stand up and speak out on some of these things. This week, the President of the United States went overseas. Instead of standing up to America’s enemies, the President of the United States went out of his way to attack the American free press. As Senator M
CCAINdescribed today’s press conference with Russian Presi-dent Putin: ‘‘The President made a conscious choice to defend a tyrant against the fair questions of a free press and to grant Putin an uncontested platform to spew propa-ganda and lies to the world.’’ Let me repeat that. Senator M
CCAIN—once a Republican nominee for President of the United States and one of the most respected Senators of our lifetimes—said: ‘‘The President made a conscious choice to defend a ty-rant against the fair questions of a free press and to grant Putin an uncontested platform to spew propa-ganda and lies to the world.’’ We are talking about a man—Presi-dent Putin—who presides over a regime in which journalists are killed. Accord-ing to a 2016 PolitiFact article, Russia ranks 180 out of 199 countries for press freedom, behind, not ahead of, Iraq, Sudan, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and others. This is according to the international watchdog Freedom House. After all, Putin was a KGB agent. Yet the President didn’t just defend a dictator against the press; he openly attacked the American free press. While heading to meet with the leader of a country that tramples on the rights of journalists, our President, President Trump, said: ‘‘Much of our news media is, indeed, the enemy of the people.’’ That is Soviet talk. That is Putin kind of talk. That is KGB talk. That has never been the talk of an American President. ‘‘Much of our news media is, indeed, the enemy of the people.’’ Everybody in this body knows a lot of reporters. Nobody in this body be-lieves that the media are enemies of the people. Unfortunately, almost no-body on this side of the aisle will stand up to the President and say: No, Mr. President. No, FOX News. The media are not enemies of the people; they are doing work that is essential to our de-mocracy. A journalist’s entire job is to ask tough questions to challenge powerful interests. In church, we comfort the af-flicted. Journalists afflict the com-fortable. We know that reporters put their safety and sometimes their lives—we see that—on the line, wheth-er when they are covering floods and hurricanes at home or when they are transversing the globe to bring us war zone stories. We depend on reporters in Ohio and around the world to bring us the stories that have an impact on our day-to-day lives and to tell the stories that might not otherwise be told. Yet, too often today, we see reporters re-stricted, vilified, and threatened—all for doing their jobs. We can’t dismiss these threats as just empty rhetoric. Think of the anguish and the heart-break and the terrible sight that hap-pened at the newsroom at the Capital Gazette in Annapolis. We all know too well how dangerous a job it has become to report the news. Just last Thursday, the Herald newspaper—the daily paper south of Columbus in Circleville, OH— received an unmarked letter in the mail. Inside, it threatened physical harm to all of the workers there. Think about that—just for doing their jobs at a local newspaper in covering football games, in covering a business that might have cheated a customer, or in covering a politician who might have cut corners. In serving their commu-nity, these workers had their safety threatened. This is personal to me, and I apolo-gize for making this personal. My wife, Connie Schultz, is a Pulitzer Prize win-ner from the Cleveland Plain Dealer. She writes a weekly column for the Creators Syndicate in 150 newspapers. She is about as far from being an enemy of the people as anyone I know. She was a working-class kid who grew up in Ashtabula, OH. Her dad car-ried a union card, which saved her life because she had health care at the Cleveland clinic that other people would have not been able to have bene-fited from whose dads didn’t have in-surance. She worked her way through Kent State University, and she became a reporter. Do you know why she won the Pul-itzer Prize? She won the Pulitzer Prize because she has written about servers— servers in restaurants where some-times management skims their tips. She has written about single parents who struggle every day and oftentimes get little help from anybody. She has written about workers and a system that is so often rigged against them. They work every bit as hard as we all do here, but they get so little for it. She teaches at Kent State. She teaches millenials. She teaches young men and women who are mostly work-ing-class kids, most of whom will grad-uate with tens of thousands of dollars in debt, which is something the Presi-dent of the United States has never faced. They work part time and some of them full time. They struggle to get through their classes. They want to be reporters because they want to go out and comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable because they care about truth and care about honesty. Again, they are as far as can be from being enemies of the people. How shameful it is the President of the United States says that. The job of the President of the United States and the job of our polit-ical leaders is to set an example—to re-spect our democratic institutions, in-cluding the press, and to bring Ameri-cans together and not divide us. Please, Mr. President, won’t you do that? I yield the floor. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow, Tuesday, July 17, 2018. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:57 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, July 17, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. JOHN M. MURRAY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JAMES F. PASQUARETTE 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate July 16, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
SCOTT STUMP, OF COLORADO, TO BE ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY FOR CAREER, TECHNICAL, AND ADULT EDU-CATION, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.018 S16JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1013 July 16, 2018 
HONORING NICOLE FOLTZ 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, going back to our days at the Budget Committee, Ni-cole Foltz has been with me for every big leg-islative battle of this majority. She is a whip smart lawyer with a deep understanding and appreciation for the practices and precedents of this institution. Nicole long ago earned my trust, but as a leader of the House floor staff, all the parliamentarians, and members—espe-cially our presiding officers—have come to know Nicole as an indispensable advisor. She is the linchpin of the legislative process, skill-fully managing the flow of major legislation from drafting to enrollment. When problems arise, she is the fixer, getting us back on track. Through it all, she has been the picture of Midwestern decency, which is what we will miss most about her. On behalf of the whole House, I thank Nicole for her years of faithful service, and wish her the best. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MR. NATHANIEL ‘NAT’ REED 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Na-thaniel Reed of Jupiter, Florida, a Florida envi-ronmental icon, who died on July 11, 2018 at the age of 84. He loved nature and the Florida environ-ment and devoted most of his life for fighting for Florida’s national wonders like the Ever-glades. But my favorite memory will be hunt-ing quail with Mr. Reed. As an aide to the Governor, he stopped the construction of an airport in the Florida Ever-glades because the construction would have meant devastation to the Everglades and Big Cypress swamp. Mr. Reed appreciated wildlife and is also one of the authors of the Endangered Species Act, which protects many animals, including several in Florida. He later ended up founding 1,000 friends of Florida to preserve special places in our state. Nat Reed is an institution in the state of Florida and he was a wonderful mentor to me. Our state lost a real leader and a friend to many and he will be greatly missed. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRA-TION 7(a) LOAN SUCCESS STO-RIES HON. STEVE CHABOT 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, the Small Busi-ness Administration’s 7(a) Loan Program doesn’t have a flashy name. But to millions of small businesses owners across the country it can make or break their company. The program partners with financial institu-tions to provide loan guarantees that fund their startup costs, equipment expenses, or any other general business purpose. Not surprisingly, it is the agency’s most pop-ular program. That’s why I, along with my colleague Rank-ing Member V
ELA´ZQUEZ , introduced the Small Business 7(a) Lending Oversight Reform Act which the President signed into law last month: to make sure the program is protected and running effectively. We have countless examples of small busi-nesses all across America being helped by the 7(a) Loan Program from small manufacturers, to coffee shops, to garden centers, to gourmet candy stores, to you name it, and they create jobs for more and more Americans. I look for-ward to seeing how an improved 7(a) Loan Program helps small businesses not only sur-vive, but thrive across the nation. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SHERIFF GLYNN COOPER 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a great man, an outstanding public servant, and a friend of longstanding, Chattahoochee County Sheriff Glynn Cooper. Sadly, Sheriff Cooper passed away on Thursday, July 12, 2018. Funeral services will be held today, Monday, July 16, 2018 at the Roscoe Robinson Recreation Center in Cusseta-Chattahoochee, Georgia. Glynn Cooper was born in Schley County, Georgia on April 15, 1934 to Wesley and Mozelle Cooper. He, along with his brothers, Fred, Leonard, and Drane, worked on farms in Stewart and Webster counties in Georgia. He met the love of his life, Estelle, at a dance and they married on December 11, 1954. As a newlywed couple, they lived with his parents until Sheriff Cooper could secure a home in Cusseta, Georgia. They welcomed a daughter, Glynda, on October 12, 1957. Es-telle was Sheriff Cooper’s partner, supporter, and best friend until her passing in 1998. Growing up on a farm taught Sheriff Cooper to be a jack of all trades. He worked at Pres-ton’s Garage in Columbus, Georgia until he opened Cooper’s Garage in Cusseta. He and Estelle, who was Senior Clerk at the Post Of-fice, began purchasing and building Cooper Rental Properties, a business which remains in the family to this day. He had set his sights on being elected Sheriff of Chattahoochee County but initially suffered a loss. Never a quitter, he was elect-ed Sheriff in 1973 and maintained a one-man office with the radio call number 651. He soon dubbed Estelle as 6511⁄2on the radio. With his family’s support, Sheriff Cooper was a faithful servant to the people of Chattahoo-chee County for a remarkable 44 years, until his retirement in 2017. He earned the distinc-tion of being the second longest-serving Sher-iff in the state of Georgia. Sheriff Cooper was also actively involved in the community. He served on the school board and City Council. He also volunteered his time and efforts to serving numerous other civic organizations. Raised in a Christian home, he joined Louvale Baptist Church at a young age. He was a faithful member of Cusseta First Baptist Church. Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You make your living by what you get; you make your life by what you give.’’ Not only did Sher-iff Cooper make his living by watching over the citizens of Chattahoochee County, but he also made his life by giving back to the Coun-ty in so many ways. We are all very grateful for his tireless advocacy in keeping our com-munity safe. A man of great integrity, his ef-forts, his dedication, and his work ethic were unparalleled, and his heart for helping others utilizing these qualities made his life’s work truly special. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District paying tribute to Sheriff Glynn Cooper and his legacy of service to Cusseta-Chattahoochee County, Georgia. He loved the people of Chattahoochee County and dedicated his life and career to improving the quality of life for his fellow citizens. He will truly be missed. 
f 
HONORING LOUISA YOUNG DENSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to honor the life of Louisa Young Denson. Louisa Young Denson lived a life devoted to public service. Ms. Denson was born on Sep-tember 24, 1949 to Louisa Harvey-Young and Willie Young of Jackson, MS. She realized early on the value of an education and a foundational relationship with Christ. After ac-cepting Christ at an early age, she allowed her belief in him to guide her in all walks of life. Shortly after graduating from Lanier High 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JY8.001 E16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1014 July 16, 2018 
School in 1967, she enrolled at Jackson State University. At Jackson State she completed both a Bachelor’s degree in Social Work and a Master’s degree in Public Policy and Admin-istration. The degrees Ms. Denson received from Jackson State University began her life-long journey of helping to improve the health of Mississippians. She started her career in state government at the Mississippi State Depart-ment of Health in the 1990s and devoted more than 40 years of service to the agency. During her tenure, Ms. Denson served in many posi-tions throughout the agency and has been awarded two of the highest awards with the Mississippi Public Health Association. In 2000, she was awarded the Felix Underwood Award and in 2002 the Jon Vic Baily Award for out-standing public health and community service. Today, we celebrate the life and legacy of Louisa Young Denson. As we continue our pursuit of improving the quality of life for all Mississippians, let us do so by honoring a true change agent Ms. Louisa Young Denson. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded for roll call votes on Thursday, July 12, 2018 because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on final passage for H.R. 6237, the Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019 (Roll Call No. 326.) As a nation, we continue to face a grow-ing number of threats that are becoming in-creasingly more complex and versatile in na-ture. This legislation is paramount to our con-tinued efforts to protect the American people and keep our homeland safe from acts of ter-rorism. 
f 
HONORING ZACH MARTINEZ 
HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, today I wish to honor the service to our country of an exemplary American, Zach Martinez. Born in East Los Angeles, Mr. Martinez entered the United States Navy in 1966, answering the call to duty as our country engaged in one of its most agonizing conflicts, the Vietnam war. He answered by throwing himself fully into harm’s way for the freedom of the Vietnamese people and fighting shoulder to shoulder with his brothers in arms. A mine explosion left him with shrapnel torn into his body and a steel ball bearing in his skull. He returned home, not only with a richly deserved Purple Heart, but with a determination to nurture the spiritual health of his fellow veterans. He became a certified chaplain offering free counseling to those suffering from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. Even more: He rallied his fellow citi-zens to found and maintain grounds dedicated to our heroic veterans in Huntington Beach, called Patriot Point, where on this day a me-morial service will take place in his honor. To his wife Alberta, his three sons and six grand-children, I want them to know that he inspires this Member of Congress to serve our country with all the spiritual fortitude and love that he so manifestly gave. May all of us here be so inspired. f 
HONORING BETHESDA BAPTIST CHURCH OF NEW ROCHELLE 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is with my great pleasure to honor, and to celebrate the Be-thesda Baptist Church of New Rochelle on their 130th anniversary. The Bethesda Baptist Church of New Rochelle is the oldest African- American Church in lower Westchester Coun-ty, and they are a cornerstone of the New Ro-chelle community. In May 1888, there were only a few African- American Baptists living in the village of New Rochelle, and even though they were per-mitted to worship at the Salem Baptist Church, the community strived to create a church for themselves. Jesses Owns, Israel King, William Fountain, Richard Painter, and others in the village received help from Reverend Guy Pow-ell of Mt. Baptist Church, in Virginia, to raise funds and find a location for the congregation to call their own. The community would soon find their building on North Avenue, and on July 5, 1888, the first sermon was delivered by Reverend Isaac Newton Phelps to 15 mem-bers at the Bethesda Baptist Church of New Rochelle’s first home. Throughout the long history of the Bethesda Baptist Church, each pastorate has estab-lished new programs to aid and serve the New Rochelle community. Reverend Boddie was in-strumental to finding the church’s permanent location, in 1918, on Lincoln Avenue. Rev-erend Dr. Henderson instituted a sermonette for children, and opened the church’s first of-fice. Reverend Dr. Long Sr., who was also the first African-American on the New Rochelle Board of Education, began the youth ministry at Bethesda Baptist Church. Reverend Wana-maker continued to expand the church’s out-reach to New Rochelle’s youth by organizing the Youth Fellowship. Reverend Thompson was the next pastor who led the successful ‘‘Debt Free in ’73,’’ which eliminated all of the church’s debt. The Youth Fellowship program also became more active during his pastorate, which allowed for the group to attend cultural, education, and religious conventions. After Reverend Thompson, Reverend Dr. Allen Paul Weaver Jr. began his pastorate and has re-mained the Pastor for almost 4 decades. Reverend Weaver has not only grown the membership of the church, but ensured the core values of the Church: Exalting, Equip-ping, Evangelizing, Encouraging, Edifying and Exemplifying Christian Evangelism, Reclaiming our Youth, Mission (both home and foreign), and Christian Education. Mr. Speaker, Bethesda Baptist Church of New Rochelle has a long, and rich history of serving the community. I want to congratulate them on their 130th anniversary, and look for-ward to their continued works over the coming years. HONORING THE LIFE OF RALPH PAIGE HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to honor the life of Ralph Paige, a man who tirelessly fought for African-American farmers. Beginning in 1985, Ralph Paige, spear-headed an advocacy organization for African- American farmers, formally known as The Federation of Southern Cooperatives/Land As-sistance Fund. This organization grew out of the civil rights movement. As a known cham-pion and advocate for black farmers, Mr. Paige helped organize black farmers and oth-ers in the southeast into economic coopera-tives. He educated them on how best to retain their land and later became their spokesman. His work to increase the awareness of the dif-ficulty for African-Americans to maintain own-ership of land and receive financial support from local institutions is appreciated and ad-mired today. Mr. Paige wrote a 2010 column for The San Marcos Daily Record, ‘‘When President Abra-ham Lincoln created the United States Depart-ment of Agriculture in 1862, he referred to it as the People’s Department. The problem is that its services have never been available to all the people.’’ Blacks were disproportionately denied loans, disaster relief, and other mone-tary aid for black farmers. Ralph Paige recog-nized that the loans black farmers did receive were often smaller and took longer to process than those for white farmers. Instead of com-plaining, he worked to ensure that thousands of farmers have land today. Today, we mourn the death of Ralph Paige. As a controversial figure, he managed to pro-voke thought in all of those who he came in contact with either in person or through his work. As we continue to dismantle stereotypes and racism, let us do so by honoring the life and legacy of Ralph Paige. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded for roll call vote No. 328 on Fridy July 13, 2018 because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on final passage for H.R. 50 the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for votes on July 13, 2018, as I was tending to official business. Had I been present, I would have voted Nay on Roll Call No. 327 and Yea on Roll Call No. 328. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY8.003 E16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1015 July 16, 2018 
HONORING CHIEF WILLIAM GOSWICK 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Chief William ‘‘Bill’’ Goswick of Hercules, California for 40 years of service to the Hercules Police Department in Hercules, California, including his seven years as the Police Chief. Chief Goswick joined the Hercules Police Department in 1978 as a reserve officer while he was in the U.S. Navy. After being hired as a full-time police officer in 1980, Chief Goswick rose through the ranks of the Her-cules Police Department, first as a patrol offi-cer, and was assigned to the detective division in 1983. Chief Goswick was promoted to Po-lice Sergeant in 1985, Detective Sergeant in 1987, and Commander in 2008. In 2010, Chief Goswick was promoted to Chief of Police and has served in that position ever since. Chief Goswick has also served as the Assistant City Manager of Hercules since 2016. In addition to his service in the Hercules Po-lice Department, Chief Goswick is an active member of our community. He is known as ‘‘Chef Bill’’ in our community because he orga-nizes and volunteers to cook at many local events. Some of the events that he has lent his culinary talents to support include disaster relief in the Philippines, senior citizen groups, Parent Teacher Organizations, the Hercules Police Explorers and the Sea Scouts. Chief Goswick was a driving force in planning Her-cules’ Fourth of July celebration, and is on the committee to build a Veterans Memorial in Hercules. Chief Goswick is a committed leader and has been recognized by Hercules Rotary, the Exchange Club, West Contra Costa County School District, Boy Scouts of America, Her-cules City Council and Contra Costa County Supervisors. In 2001, Chief Goswick was named the Police Officer of the Year. Chief Goswick was born in Piermont, New York and is married to Karen Goswick. They have one daughter, Amy. He is a grandfather to Jake, Ally and Ashley. Mr. Speaker, Chief Goswick is a life-long police officer with a deep sense of duty and public service. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Chief William Goswick here today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 119TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE ESTABLISH-MENT OF THE VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS OF THE UNITED STATES 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise today to recognize the 119th anniversary of the creation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States (VFW) and celebrate their fervent service to veterans, service members, and their families. This year’s annual VFW convention will be held in Kansas City, Mis-souri, and it is truly an honor for our city to host such a noble event. The VFW was established in 1899 in the wake of the Spanish-American War and the Philippine Insurrection. Many soldiers returned home sick or wounded with no means of med-ical care, so organizations formed to aid these recently established veterans. Through the re-silient spirit that they have come to be known for, veterans came together in unity to estab-lish the monumental institution known today as the VFW. Over one hundred years later, the VFW is now comprised of over 1.7 million members spread across nearly 6,374 posts worldwide. Today, the VFW continues to change the lives of veterans, military service members, and their families through their altruistic commit-ment to service and advocacy. Moreover, through their advocacy efforts, the VFW has been instrumental in moving veteran’s rights and issues to the forefront of American policy. The VFW has stated its mission is to foster camaraderie among United States veterans of overseas conflicts, to serve our veterans, the military and our communities, and to advocate on behalf of all veterans. In this regard, the VFW has continuously kept its promise, ensur-ing that the service the organization provides is a direct reflection of its core values. Just as veterans and service members commit to put-ting the people of this country first, the VFW serves veterans, service members, and their families in the same manner. This noble organization commemorates the meritorious women, men, and families who have made monumental sacrifices and stood tall and valiant in the face of adversity. It is truly an honor and a privilege to stand today and recognize their outstanding work. Mr. Speaker, while a simple ‘‘thank you’’ could never properly describe our appreciation for these American heroes, please join me in honoring and showing our gratitude, not only for the VFW, but for those it serves. f 
RECOGNIZING THE HISTORY OF THE DERBY & MILLER PUB-LISHING COMPANY 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the historical marker recognition awarded this summer to Derby & Miller by the City of Au-burn. Established in March of 1848 after James C. Derby offered his then clerk Norman C. Mil-ler partnership, the two worked in conjunction to plate, stereotype, bind, and emboss books for public consumption. Responsible for pub-lishing more than a hundred books, Derby & Miller proudly developed their business to be-come the leading publisher of the 19th century in Cayuga County. With books on topics ranging from law to culture, Derby & Miller’s publishing firm worked tirelessly to bring authors’ words to life. Together, they served their community by providing the public with books that taught val-uable lessons and inspired great minds. Notably, on July 15, 1848, Derby & Miller published the critically acclaimed manuscript ‘‘Twelve Years a Slave’’ by Solomon Northrup. Recounting Solomon’s life experience as a free-citizen of color, kidnapped and sold back into slavery, ‘‘Twelve Years a Slave’’ brought awareness to the horrors of slavery and joined other abolitionist texts in provoking readers to demand for the abolition of slavery. I am proud to stand with the City of Auburn in recognizing the historic contributions of Derby & Miller to our community. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY AND SERVICE OF CAL POLY POMONA PUBLIC SAFETY SPECIALIST MARK MANLAPAZ 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, on Friday June 29th, an altercation took place on the Cal Poly Pomona campus in an area known as Cam-pus South. It is with a heavy heart that I stand here on the House floor to say that Mark Manlapaz, a dedicated public safety officer, lost his life in this horrific, senseless act of vio-lence. Manlapaz, an immigrant from the Phil-ippines, served as part of the Cal Poly Po-mona Campus Security team since 2006 and as a park ranger for the City of Claremont for three years. An only child, Manlapaz moved to the United States with his parents at the age of 13 and learned English by reading the dic-tionary. After his father’s passing two years later, Manlapaz chose to attend Cal Poly Po-mona to remain close to his mother. He earned two degrees from the university, a bachelor’s in psychology in 2006 and a bach-elor’s in human resource management in 2012. Throughout his life, Manlapaz touched so many people’s lives. In high school, he was successful in convincing a friend not to commit suicide. His passion for education led him to quietly provide funds for several of his cousins in the Philippines to attend college, children who his aunts and uncles referred to as his ‘scholar kids.’ And he was always willing to lend a helping hand, regularly driving his el-derly neighbor to buy groceries. His time spent as a Boy Scout and dedica-tion to serving others led Manlapaz to pursue a career in law enforcement. Though he was not a sworn officer, the Cal Poly Police De-partment saw him as one of their own and his commitment to public service was evident. For his selfless devotion to his family, friends, and community, Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Mark Manlapaz. We are eter-nally grateful for his service and his memory will live on through the impact he has made in others. May he rest in peace. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing Roll Call votes held on July 13th of 2018, I was inescapably detained handling important matters related to my District and the State of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JY8.010 E16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1016 July 16, 2018 
Alabama. Had I been present, I would have voted YES on the Democratic Motion to Re-commit H.R. 50, and NO on final Passage of H.R. 50. 
f 
COMMEMORATING COMMISSIONER ROY CHARLES BROOKS 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my fellow Texans in congratulating Tarrant County Commissioner, Roy Charles Brooks, for his tremendous leadership as the President of the National Association of Counties. This month, Commissioner Brooks is com-pleting a very successful year representing the 3,069 counties in America as the President of the National Association of Counties. He has worked tirelessly this year to bring his Presidential Initiative: ‘‘Serving the Under-served: Counties Addressing Poverty,’’ to light. His proposal pushed counties to look at the role they played in alleviating generational poverty with a focus on early childhood devel-opment. Under his leadership, counties now have some best practice solutions at their fin-gertips that can be used to address important societal needs. 
f 
COMBATTING TUBERCULOSIS IN SOUTHERN AFRICA 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I recently held a hearing addressing the per-sistent and too-often underestimated threat to global public health posed by tuberculosis. This brutal, contagious disease killed 1.7 mil-lion people in 2016, the most recent data available—making it the deadliest infectious disease in the world—killing more than both HIV/AIDS and malaria combined. TB is devastating for many people globally, but it impacts the people of Africa—especially southern Africa—disproportionately. In 2016, 44 percent of all TB deaths oc-curred in the Africa region—in spite of ac-counting for only 25 percent of all new TB cases. Africans die at a rate of 72 per 100,000 infected, compared with 35 per 100,000 in Southeast Asia and 13 per 100,000 in the Eastern Mediterranean region. Those infected with HIV/AIDS are particularly vulnerable to TB, and nearly three-quarters of those co-in-fected with HIV and TB in 2016 lived in sub- Saharan Africa. Thankfully, most cases of TB are curable if patients are diagnosed and adhere to a proper treatment regimen. However, millions of newly infected people go undiagnosed and without treatment each year, and the global spread of Multiple Drug-Resistant (MDR) and Exten-sively Drug-Resistant (XDR) TB, which emerges when patients receive inappropriate or incomplete treatment, poses an even great-er and more costly threat. In 2016, roughly 490,000 people developed MDR-TB and an additional 110,000 new cases were resistant to the most effective treatment. Not only is treating MDR and XDR TB a grueling process for the patient, it also costs far more to treat than the ‘‘garden variety’’ of the disease. One study by the Stop TB Part-nership estimated that drug resistant TB could kill up to 2.5 million people annually and cost the global economy $16.7 trillion if left un-checked. The dangerous potential of a drug resistant TB outbreak is evident in the South African mining sector, where exposure to silica dust, crowded, poor living conditions and high HIV prevalence create an incubator for disease and heighten the risk of contracting TB. Fur-ther complicating the problem, approximately 40 percent of mine workers are migrants who frequently move across borders and don’t re-ceive consistent medical treatment from public health systems in the region that do not co-ordinate sufficiently. This further increases the risk of MDR and XDR TB infections. I am encouraged to see that the U.S. fund-ing for combatting TB increased to $261 mil-lion in 2018, which is $20 million more than what was allocated in 2017 and more than $82 million higher than the Administration’s re-quest. This shows that my colleagues are tak-ing this threat seriously, and I commend them. But we must not stop there, or become complacent. The WHO anticipates a $7.4 billion budget shortfall for the Global Plan to End TB if the international community does not significantly increase funding. We must encourage our international partners to step up to this chal-lenge, and take the opportunity of the U.N. General Assembly High-Level Meeting on Ending TB this September to do so; but even more, we must explore more innovative and holistic approaches to eliminating this disease. We must work from a regional perspective and increase coordination among health systems; we must pay special attention to the mines in South Africa; we must redouble our efforts to diagnose and treat every person infected with TB; and we must pull out all the stops when it comes to preventing MDR and XDR TB in-fections. We also must encourage to World Health Organization to stop being overly bureaucratic when it comes to battling TB. There are bottle-necks in the WHO approval process for new treatments and new diagnostic tests which need to be fixed. I was eager to hear from our distinguished witnesses, who helped us understand where we are in this fight against TB and what more we must do to eliminate it once and for all. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I missed Roll Call votes No. 327 and No. 328. I would have voted YEA on Roll Call 327 related to a mo-tion to recommit H.R. 50 and NO on Roll Call 328 related to final passage of H.R. 50. TRIBUTE TO VENERABLE ELDER SI CHEN HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, it is with much sadness that I rise today to honor the passing of the Venerable Elder Si Chen, a passionate spiritual leader and teacher. I offer my sincerest condolences to his family and friends who will remember him as a tireless advocate for kindness, freedom and justice. Elder Si Chen was born in 1932 in Panxian, China and came to the United States in 1971 to spread Buddha-Dharma. He became the abbot of the Mahayana Buddhist Temple of New York in 1974. Three years later, Elder Si Chen founded the Burmese-Chinese Buddhist Association at Wonderful Enlightenment Tem-ple in Chinatown, New York, New York, which continues to welcome everyone. In 2000, he purchased 199 acres of land in Thompson Ridge, New York and established the Guardian of Nation Temple to create a space for Buddhist-American multicultural ex-changes and spread Mahayana Buddhism. He brought together the Buddhist community of New York through classes, summer camps, monastic retreats and spiritual trips to China, Thailand, Myanmar and India. Today, members of New York’s Buddhist and Asian American community are inspired and grateful for his service, wisdom and lead-ership. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Venerable Elder Si Chen for a life of extraordinary leadership and advocacy in New York City and globally. 
f 
HONORING NAT D IBUDUO AND CELEBRATING 18 YEARS AS PRESIDENT AND CEO FOR AL-LIED GRAPE GROWERS 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my friend and colleague Nat DiBuduo as he retires from his position as president and CEO of Allied Grape Growers after 18 years of service to California wine grape grow-ers. Under his exemplary leadership, Allied and its members have demonstrated persever-ance in the face of economic hardship, achieved prosperity through innovative think-ing, and shown integrity by holding their part-ners to the highest possible standards. It is both fitting and appropriate that we honor Nat today as he closes the chapter on a remark-able tenure with Allied Grape Growers. After graduating from San Joaquin Memorial high school in 1968, Nat attended California State University, Fresno and obtained a de-gree in Plant Science and Business in 1973. Over the years, Nat has amassed experience within the industry by working in his family’s winery, independent consultancy, and agricul-tural property management. Nat’s passion for agriculture led him to the wine grape industry. In 2000, he was named president and CEO of Allied Grape Growers, a 500-member mar-keting association made up of wine grape growers across the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JY8.014 E16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1017 July 16, 2018 
Through coordinated efforts with his board, Nat directed strategic planning and develop-ment to proactively respond to market chal-lenges. With continual resilience against an unstable grape market in the early 2000s, Al-lied was able to prevail with significant finan-cial leverage. By monitoring market changes and establishing strong communication among their growers and wineries, Nat successfully expanded membership and clientele and maxi-mized the quality of harvests. Given Nat’s outstanding dedication to the wine grape market and San Joaquin Valley’s agriculture, it is difficult to determine how Al-lied Grape Growers would have fared amid economic tumult without his guidance. Nat and his team’s care and concern established Allied as a visionary organization within California’s wine and agricultural industry. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognition of my friend Nat DiBuduo’s in honor of his remarkable career in Califor-nia’s agricultural industry. He is someone who has been an inspiration, not only through his professional achievements, but also through the relentless and spirited attitude he adopts against adversity. Nat will leave a robust foun-dation for Allied to continue to build on. I wish Nat and his wife Marilyn the very best as they enter this new phase of their life. I ask that you join me in wishing Nat and his family con-tinued happiness and prosperity. 
f 
CONGRATULATING KEITH TYO ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM SUNY PLATTSBURGH 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Keith Tyo on retiring from his role as Chief of Staff to the President of State Uni-versity of New York at Plattsburgh. Keith Tyo began his career at SUNY Platts-burgh in 1995 as Director of Public Relations, where his outstanding work led to his pro-motion to Executive Assistant to President John Ettling in 2004. As Executive Assistant, Keith was responsible for government rela-tions and special projects for the President. His understanding of the campus community and government relations was evident, and in 2015 President Ettling made him his Chief of Staff. During his tenure as Chief of Staff, Keith used his knowledge and experience to leave a positive impact on campus. In honor of his re-tirement, SUNY Plattsburgh’s Student Asso-ciation approved a Resolution saluting Keith’s 22 years of dedicated service to the college. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I would like to congratulate Keith Tyo on his re-tirement from SUNY Plattsburgh. He has been instrumental to the college’s growth and devel-opment over the past 22 years, and I wish him all the best for the years to come. CELEBRATING NELLIE HUNTER ON HER 100TH BIRTHDAY HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Nellie Hunter, a great Hoosier who is celebrating her l00th birthday. Nellie was born on July 31, 1918, in Argos, Indiana. A lifelong resident of northern Indi-ana, Nellie exemplifies the strong Hoosier val-ues we all cherish. She is compassionate, hardworking, and active in her community. Nellie has built a meaningful life for her family filled with strength, love, and generosity. Be-cause of Nellie’s longstanding dedication to her church, devotion to her family, and love of country, northern Indiana is a better place to live. Nellie is a shining example of what it means to achieve the American Dream. She has a true passion for learning and for giving others the opportunity to grow and succeed. Having earned her GED at age 81 and received the Adult Student of the Year award from the State of Indiana, she is an incredible inspira-tion and a role model to us all. Her story re-minds us to never give up on our dreams. It is an honor to help celebrate Nellie’s positive contributions to the world. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Indiana’s 2nd Dis-trict I want to thank Nellie for the joy she brings to our lives and offer my congratula-tions and best wishes on this occasion. I wish her many more years of continued health and happiness. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAYOR PAUL M. EATON OF THE CITY OF MONTCLAIR 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent, Mayor Paul M. Eaton of the City of Montclair. After 48 years of dedi-cated public service to the Inland Empire, Paul is finally retiring and will be sorely missed. Paul’s passion for the Montclair community began in 1965 when he and his wife, Ginger, moved to the Inland Empire. The two began their service at Bethany Baptist church and the Ontario-Montclair School District volun-teering with elementary students. In 1970, Paul began his career in public service as a founding, appointed member of Montclair’s Community Action Committee. The reputation he earned in this position for his commitment to advocating for Montclair residents resulted in his appointment to the Montclair Planning Commission four years later, which he served on until becoming a City Council member in 1988. Following Mayor Larry Rhinehart’s sudden departure, Paul was unanimously installed into the position by his fellow City Council Mem-bers. He served as the city’s leader for 23 consecutive years. Totaling nearly six terms in office, Paul is the longest serving Mayor in Montclair history. His greatest achievements include constructing a state-of-the-art Police facility and Youth and Senior Centers, wid-ening Central Avenue on the I–10 Freeway, critical improvements to the Mission Boulevard and Hold Corridors, and ensuring future serv-ice to the Montclair Transcenter for the Gold Line light rail service. For his remarkable accomplishments, it is my honor to recognize Mayor Paul M. Eaton on the House floor today. His decades of com-mitment and contributions to the City of Montclair are worthy of commending and ad-miration. f 
HONORING THE 125TH ANNIVER-SARY OF SACRED HEART CHURCH 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Sacred Heart Church of Effingham, Illi-nois, on the occasion of its 125th anniversary. Sacred Heart Church was first started when a few German immigrant families first came together for worship. The Masses were given originally in German but on January 1, 1892, Sacred Heart Church and School were offi-cially established, and since they have given Masses in English. What started with nine families has since grown to a congregation of over 900 families, giving Sacred Heart Church a strong presence in Effingham. Over the years, generations of worshipers have called Sacred Heart home. The church’s theme, ‘‘Grounded in Faith, Fo-cused on the Future’’ reflects the proud herit-age of the parish and the many local and international activities congregants are in-volved in. Whether by providing an education to its children, giving back through its commu-nity-based services, or extending Sacred Heart’s ministry to South America, Sacred Heart Church has been a focal point for the religious and spiritual needs of Effingham. The celebratory year is themed ‘‘Faith and Family,’’ and Sacred Heart Parish began its 125th anniversary last year with a Mass cele-brated by Bishop Thomas J. Paprocki, fol-lowed by a Halloween parade and themed ac-tivities. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge an important milestone for Sacred Heart Church, and I wish it, and its pastor, the Reverend Michal Rosa, the very best as they celebrate the church’s 125th anniversary. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY8.019 E16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1018 July 16, 2018 
Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, July 17, 2018 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JULY 18 9:30 a.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine supporting economic stability and self-sufficiency as Americans with disabilities and their families age. SD–562 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine sharks. SR–253 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Brian J. Bulatao, of Texas, to be an Under Secretary (Management), and Denise Natali, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary (Conflict and Stabilization Operations), both of the Department of State. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Admin-istration’s government reorganization proposal. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine promoting justice for victims of crime, focusing on the Federal investment in DNA analysis. SD–226 Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine the state of transatlantic relations. SH–216 2:30 p.m. Committee on Finance Subcommittee on International Trade, Customs, and Global Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine trade and commerce at United States ports of entry. SD–215 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 2154, to approve the Kickapoo Tribe Water Rights Settlement Agreement, S. 3060, to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manufacturing on In-dian lands, and S. 3168, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to make Reclamation Water Settlements Fund permanent. SD–628 JULY 19 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, and Kim-berly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be President of the Export-Import Bank of the United States. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine Administration reorganization and modernization proposals related to the Department of Energy and the Depart-ment of the Interior. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Mary Bridget Neumayr, of Vir-ginia, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Quality, and John Fleming, of Louisiana, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development. SD–406 Committee on Finance Business meeting to consider the nomi-nation of Charles P. Rettig, of Cali-fornia, to be Commissioner of Internal Revenue, Department of the Treasury. SD–215 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Dennis Dean Kirk, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Merit Systems Protection Board, and to be Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board, Julia Akins Clark, of Maryland, and Andrew F. Maunz, of Ohio, both to be a Member of the Merit Systems Protec-tion Board, and Carmen Guerricagoitia McLean, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Geor-gia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Cir-cuit, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, and Julius Ness Rich-ardson, of South Carolina, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Roy Kalman Altman, and Rodolfo Armando Ruiz II, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, and Raul M. Arias-Marxuach, to be United States District Judge for the District of Puerto Rico. SD–226 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters. SH–219 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M16JY8.000 E16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D812 Monday, July 16, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4957–S4971 Measures Introduced: Five bills were introduced, as follows: S. 3213–3217.
                                     Page S4965 
Measures Reported: S. 1573, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Discovery Trail’’, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 115–301) S. 1645, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland. (S. Rept. No. 115–302) Report to accompany S. 2857, to designate the Nordic Museum in Seattle, Washington, as the ‘‘Na-tional Nordic Museum’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–303) S. 3217, to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006.
           Page S4965 
Measures Passed: Democratic Republic of the Congo Elections: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 386, urging the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to fulfill its agreement to hold credible elections, comply with constitutional limits on presidential terms, and ful-fill its constitutional mandate for a democratic tran-sition of power by taking concrete and measurable steps towards holding elections not later than De-cember 2018 as outlined in the existing election cal-endar, and allowing for freedom of expression and as-sociation, after agreeing to the committee amend-ment in the nature of a substitute.
          Pages S4967–68 
Blew Nomination—Agreement: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of James Blew, of Cali-fornia, to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Eval-uation, and Policy Development, Department of Education.
                                                      Pages S4963, S4971 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, July 17, 2018; that at 11:45 a.m., all time be yielded back and Sen-ate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate; and that following dis-position of the nomination, and notwithstanding Rule XXII, the cloture motions filed on Thursday, July 12, 2018 ripen.                                                Page S4968 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By a unanimous vote of 85 yeas (Vote No. EX. 155), Scott Stump, of Colorado, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, Department of Education.
                             Pages S4957–63 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: 2 Army nominations in the rank of general. 
                                                                                            Page S4971 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4964 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4964 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4964–65 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4965–67 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: Additional Statements:
                                        Page S4964 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S4967 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—155)
                                                                Page S4963 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:57 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, July 17, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4968.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY8.REC D16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D813 July 16, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6377–6392 and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 993–998 were introduced.
                            Pages H6262–63 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H6264 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3460, to designate the United States court-house located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Dur-ham, North Carolina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–818); H.R. 5772, to designate the J. Marvin Jones Fed-eral Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’ (H. Rept. 115–819); H.R. 5846, to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study regarding the buyout practices of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–820); H.R. 66, to establish the Route 66 Centennial Commission, to direct the Secretary of Transpor-tation to prepare a plan on the preservation needs of Route 66, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–821); H.R. 4446, to amend the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–822); H.R. 5415, to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–823); H.R. 1376, to amend title 44, United States Code, to require preservation of certain electronic records by Federal agencies, to require a certification and reports relating to Presidential records, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–824); H.R. 2648, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that the requirements that new Fed-eral employees who are veterans with service-con-nected disabilities are provided leave for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain employees of the Veterans Health Administration, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–825, Part 1); H.R. 3076, to amend section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Privacy Act) to require agencies to accept electronic release forms, and for other purposes, with amend-ments (H. Rept. 115–826); H.R. 5333, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to certain nonprescription drugs that are marketed without an approved new drug applica-tion, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–827); H.R. 3906, to establish centers of excellence for innovative stormwater control infrastructure, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–828, Part 1); H.R. 6385, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–829); and H. Res. 996, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–830). 
                                                                                            Page H6262 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bost to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H6197 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:10 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H6198 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:04 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:01 p.m.
                                                   Page H6199 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Electronic Message Preservation Act: H.R. 1376, to amend title 44, United States Code, to require preservation of certain electronic records by Federal agencies, to require a certification and reports relat-ing to Presidential records;
                    Pages H6199–H6200 
Good Accounting Obligation in Government Act: H.R. 5415, amended, to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Con-gress;
                                                                        Pages H6200–01 
Amending the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission: H.R. 4446, amended, to amend the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act to extend the ex-piration date of the Commission;
              Pages H6201–02 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY8.REC D16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD814 July 16, 2018 
Curry Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4890, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Building’’;
                                                             Pages H6202–03 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’: H.R. 5238, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H6203–04 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Of-fice Building’’: S. 2692, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’;
                          Page H6205 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the ‘‘Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4407, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the ‘‘Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’;
               Pages H6205–06 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’: S. 931, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brigh-ton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’;
                                         Pages H6206–07 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building’’: H.R. 2979, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Build-ing’’;
                                                                         Pages H6207–08 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’: H.R. 4946, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 368 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 329;
                         Pages H6208, H6242–43 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Ser-geant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’: H.R. 5504, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Build-ing’’;                                                                                 Page H6209 
Creating Advanced Streamlined Electronic Serv-ices (CASES) for Constituents Act: H.R. 3076, amended, to amend section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Privacy Act) to require agencies to accept electronic release forms;
                                                                       Pages H6209–11 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-quire the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue guidance on electronic consent forms, and for other purposes.’’.
                        Page H6211 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling Wil-liam Wyatt Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4960, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Colum-bia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 368 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 330; 
                                                                Pages H6211–12, H6243–44 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Of-fice Building’’: H.R. 3230, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Building’’;
              Pages H6212–13 
Amending title 38, United States Code, to en-sure that the requirements that new Federal em-ployees who are veterans with service-connected disabilities are provided leave for purposes of un-dergoing medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain employees of the Veterans Health Administration: S. 899, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that the require-ments that new Federal employees who are veterans with service-connected disabilities are provided leave for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain employees of the Veterans Health Administration;
              Pages H6213–15 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title 5, United States Code, to ensure that the requirements that new Federal employees who are veterans with service-connected disabilities are provided leave for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain em-ployees of the Veterans Health Administration.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H6215 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY8.REC D16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D815 July 16, 2018 
Route 66 Centennial Commission Act: H.R. 66, amended, to establish the Route 66 Centennial Com-mission, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to prepare a plan on the preservation needs of Route 66;
                                                                             Pages H6215–19 
Innovative Stormwater Infrastructure Act: H.R. 3906, amended, to establish centers of excellence for innovative stormwater control infrastructure; 
                                                                                    Pages H6219–21 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-rect the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to establish a stormwater infrastructure funding task force, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H6221 
Designating the J. Marvin Jones Federal Build-ing and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’: H.R. 5772, to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robin-son United States Courthouse’’;
                 Pages H6221–22 
Designating the United States courthouse located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Carolina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’: H.R. 3460, amended, to des-ignate the United States courthouse located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Carolina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Court-house’’;
                                                                    Pages H6222–23 
Designating the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’: S. 2734, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’;
                 Pages H6223–24 
Promoting Flood Risk Mitigation Act: H.R. 5846, amended, to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study regarding the buyout practices of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency;
                                               Pages H6224–26 
Reinstating and extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gibson Dam: S. 490, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construc-tion of a hydroelectric project involving the Gibson Dam;
                                                                        Pages H6226–27 
Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act of 2018: H.R. 5333, amended, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to cer-tain nonprescription drugs that are marketed with-out an approved new drug application; and                                                                                     Pages H6227–31 
Animal Drug and Animal Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2018: H.R. 5554, amended, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize user fee programs relating to new animal drugs and generic new animal drugs.
     Pages H6237–42 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:27 p.m. and recon-vened at 9:57 p.m.
                                                   Page H6258 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6242–43, H6243–44. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:58 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 6147, the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’ [Interior, Environment, Financial Services, and General Government Appropriations Act, 2019]. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–2, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 6147 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–81 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended for failure to comply with clause 2 or clause 5(a) of rule XXI, except beginning with the colon on page 251, line 5, through ‘‘2012’’ on page 251, line 8. The rule provides that where points of order are waived against part of a para-graph, a point of order may only be raised against the exposed provision and not the entire paragraph. The rule makes in order only those further amend-ments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY8.REC D16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD816 July 16, 2018 
rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides that the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte, and Representatives Calvert, Graves of Georgia, McCollum, Quigley, Wasserman Schultz, Price of North Carolina, Polis, Torres, Grothman, Gianforte, Rothfus, Perry, Gaetz, San-ford, Graves of Louisiana, Francis Rooney of Florida, Griffith, Cicilline, Garamendi, Heck of Washington, Norton, and Welch. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JULY 17, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the Semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the Department of the Interior’s final list of critical minerals for 2018 and opportunities to strengthen the United States’ mineral security, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘Endangered Species Act Amendments of 2018’’, 9:45 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine reducing health care costs, fo-cusing on eliminating excess health care spending and improving quality and value for patients, 10 a.m., SD–430. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 12 noon, S–128, Capitol. Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Edu-cation, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Summer Food Service Program’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Real-izing the Benefits of Rural Broadband: Challenges and Solutions’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining State Efforts to Improve Trans-parency of Health Care Costs for Consumers’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Environment, markup on H.R. 3128, to amend section 111 of the Clean Air Act to clar-ify when a physical change in, or change in the method of operation of, a stationary source constitutes a modifica-tion, and for other purposes, 1 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Finan-cial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Capital Regimes for Financial Institutions’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘Facebook, Google and Twitter: Examining the Content Filtering Practices of Social Media Giants’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 5171, the ‘‘Ski Fee Retention Act’’; H.R. 5262, to redesignate the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area as the Maurice D. Hinchey Hud-son River Valley National Heritage Area, and for other purposes; H.R. 5347, the ‘‘Lyon County Economic Devel-opment and Environmental Remediation Act’’; H.R. 5532, the ‘‘Reconstruction Era National Historical Park Act’’; H.R. 5923, the ‘‘Walnut Grove Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 5979, the ‘‘Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument Act’’; H.R. 6013, the ‘‘Migratory Bird Frame-work and Hunting Opportunities for Veterans Act’’; and H.R. 6146, to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in Yavapai County, Arizona, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘A New Horizon in U.S.-Israel Relations: From an American Embassy in Jerusalem to Potential Recognition of Israeli Sovereignty over the Golan Heights’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy, and Environ-ment, hearing entitled ‘‘Tribal Energy Resources: Reduc-ing Barriers to Opportunity’’, 10 a.m., 2247 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 559, the ‘‘MERIT Act of 2017’’; legislation on the Merit Systems Protection Board Reauthorization Act of 2018; H.R. 5300, the ‘‘Federal Information Systems Safeguards Act of 2018’’; H.R. 4913, the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5395, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 116 Main Street in Dansville, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Alexandria Gleason-Morrow Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5868, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Avenue in Ashland, Ohio, as the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Office’’; H.R. 6020, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 325 South Michigan Avenue in Howell, Michigan, as the ‘‘Sergeant Donald Burgett Post Office Building’’; H.R. 6059, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 51 Willow Street in Lynn, Massachu-setts, as the ‘‘Thomas P. Costin, Jr. Post Office Build-ing’’; H.R. 6116, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office’’; and H.R. 6167, to designate the facility of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY8.REC D16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D817 July 16, 2018 United States Postal Service located at 5707 South Cass Avenue in Westmont, Illinois, as the ‘‘James William Robinson Jr. Memorial Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5935, to designate the facility at the United States Postal Service located at 1355 North Meridian Drive in Harristown, Illinois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Of-fice’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H. Con. Res. 119, expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Energy; and Subcommittee on Environment, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Fossil: Energy Tech-nologies Leading the Way’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations; and Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Achieving Government- Wide Verification of Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses’’, 2 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The VA Accountability and Whistleblower Pro-tection Act: One Year Later’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Over-sight, hearing entitled ‘‘Combating Fraud in Medicare: A Strategy for Success’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Modern-izing Stark Law to Ensure the Successful Transition from Volume to Value in the Medicare Program’’, 3:30 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine Russia’s occupation of Georgia and the erosion of the international order, 11 a.m., SD–124. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of July 17 through July 20, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Development, Department of Education, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 11:45 a.m. Following disposition of the Blew nomination, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System. Following disposition of the Quarles nomination, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. Following disposition of the Oldham nomination, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Cir-cuit. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: July 17, to hold hearings to examine the Semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, 10 a.m., SH–216. July 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be President of the Export-Import Bank of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: July 18, to hold hearings to examine sharks, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: July 17, to hold hearings to examine the Department of the Interior’s final list of critical minerals for 2018 and opportunities to strengthen the United States’ mineral security, 10 a.m., SD–366. July 19, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing to examine Administration reorganization and moderniza-tion proposals related to the Department of Energy and the Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: July 17, to hold hearings to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘En-dangered Species Act Amendments of 2018’’, 9:45 a.m., SD–406. July 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Mary Bridget Neumayr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Qual-ity, and John Fleming, of Louisiana, to be Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce for Economic Development, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: July 18, Subcommittee on Inter-national Trade, Customs, and Global Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine trade and commerce at United States ports of entry, 2:30 p.m., SD–215. July 19, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nomination of Charles P. Rettig, of California, to be Commissioner of Internal Revenue, Department of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: July 18, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Brian J. Bulatao, of Texas, to be an Under Secretary (Management), and Denise Natali, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary (Con-flict and Stabilization Operations), both of the Depart-ment of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: July 17, to hold hearings to examine reducing health care costs, focusing on eliminating excess health care spending and improving quality and value for patients, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: July 18, to hold hearings to examine the Administration’s government reorganization proposal, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY8.REC D16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD818 July 16, 2018 July 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Dennis Dean Kirk, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Merit Systems Protection Board, and to be Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board, Julia Akins Clark, of Maryland, and Andrew F. Maunz, of Ohio, both to be a Member of the Merit Systems Protec-tion Board, and Carmen Guerricagoitia McLean, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: July 18, to hold hearings to examine S. 2154, to approve the Kickapoo Tribe Water Rights Settlement Agreement, S. 3060, to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohi-bition on certain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands, and S. 3168, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Man-agement Act of 2009 to make Reclamation Water Settle-ments Fund permanent, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: July 18, to hold hearings to examine promoting justice for victims of crime, focusing on the Federal investment in DNA analysis, 10 a.m., SD–226. July 19, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, and Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Roy Kalman Alt-man, and Rodolfo Armando Ruiz II, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, and Raul M. Arias-Marxuach, to be United States District Judge for the District of Puerto Rico, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: July 17, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 12 noon, S–128, Capitol. July 17, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. July 19, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: July 18, to hold hearings to examine supporting economic stability and self-sufficiency as Americans with disabilities and their families age, 9:30 a.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, July 18, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Cryptocurrencies: Oversight of New Assets in the Digital Age’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, July 19, Subcommittee on Homeland Security, markup on FY 2019 Homeland Se-curity Appropriations Bill, 9:30 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, July 18, Sub-committee Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Powering America: The Role of Energy Storage in the Nation’s Electricity System’’, 9 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. July 18, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Con-sumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Fed-eral Trade Commission’’, 9:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. July 18, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 6351, the ‘‘Advancing U.S. Civil Nuclear Competitiveness and Jobs Act’’; and H.R. 6378, the ‘‘Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. July 19, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Cures Implementation: Examining Mental Health Initiatives’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, July 18, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. July 18, Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Money: Digital Cur-rency’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, July 18, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Current Developments in Central Asia’’, 3 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, July 18, Transportation and Protective Security Subcommittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Leadership, Recruitment, And Retention: Examining Ef-forts by the United States Secret Service to Meet Mission Challenges’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on Natural Resources, July 18, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5171, the ‘‘Ski Area Fee Reten-tion Act’’; H.R. 5347, the ‘‘Lyon County Economic De-velopment and Environmental Remediation Act’’; H.R. 5532, the ‘‘Reconstruction Era National Historical Park Act’’; H.R. 5556, the ‘‘Environmental Compliance Cost Transparency Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5923, the ‘‘Walnut Grove Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 5979, the ‘‘Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument Act’’; H.R. 6038, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Fed-eral property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota; H.R. 6039, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other purposes; H.R. 6040, the ‘‘Contra Costa Canal Transfer Act’’; and H.R. 6146, the ‘‘Cottonwood Land Exchange Act of 2018’’, 10:45 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, July 18, Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Sub-committee on Information Technology, joint hearing en-titled ‘‘2020 Census: Information Technology Prepara-tions’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. July 18, Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Divergence: Failure of the Administrative State’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, July 18, Full Committee, markup on legislation on the Department of Energy Veterans’ Health Initiative Act; and legislation on Chemical Assessment Improvement Act, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, July 18, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 6348, the ‘‘Small Business Access to Capital and Efficiency Act’’; H.R. 6347, the ‘‘7(a) Real Estate Harmonization Act’’; H.R. 6330, the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Runway Extension Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6369, the ‘‘Expanding Contracting Opportunities for Small Busi-nesses Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6367, ‘‘Incentivizing Fairness in Subcontracting Act of 2018’’; legislation on the Clarity on Small Business Participation in Category Management Act of 2018; H.R. 6316, the ‘‘Small Business Advocacy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY8.REC D16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D819 July 16, 2018 Improvements Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6368, the ‘‘Encour-aging Small Business Innovators Act’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, July 18, Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Are We Ready? Recovering from 2017 Disasters and Pre-paring for the 2018 Hurricane Season’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, July 18, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘An Update on the Implementation of the Forever GI Bill: Is VA Ready for August 1st?’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, July 18, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3309, the ‘‘Social Security Online Tools Innovation Act’’; and H.R. 6377, the ‘‘Save Community Newspaper Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. July 18, Subcommittee on Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Effects of Tariffs on U.S. Agriculture and Rural Communities’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, July 19, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘China’s Threat to American Government and Private Sector Research and Innovation Leadership’’, 8:30 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: July 17, to hold hearings to examine Russia’s occupation of Geor-gia and the erosion of the international order, 11 a.m., SD–124. July 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the state of transatlantic relations, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY8.REC D16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD820 July 16, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Pol-icy Development, Department of Education, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 11:45 a.m. Following disposition of the Blew nomination, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomina-tion of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. (Senate will recess following the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Randal Quarles until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Begin consideration of H.R. 6147—Department of the Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E1013 Black, Diane, Tenn., E1014, E1014 Chabot, Steve, Ohio, E1013 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E1015 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1016 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1014 Katko, John, N.Y., E1015 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E1014 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1016 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E1014 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E1013 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E1013 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1015 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1017 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1016 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1017 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1013, E1014 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1015 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E1015, E1017 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1016 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1016 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16JY8.REC D16JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST