Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H683 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 2018 No. 20 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 30, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ICHAEL K. S
IMPSON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
THE VITAL ROLE OF MENTORS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the vital role that men-tors play in the lives of young people every day. Mentors provide our young people with guidance and support at a time when they begin to make impor-tant decisions that will affect their lives forever. Mentoring programs have dem-onstrated positive impacts on youth across the country. Young people who meet regularly with their mentors are 46 percent less likely to use illegal drugs. Young people who are at risk for dropping out of high school but who had mentors are 55 percent more likely to enroll in college and 78 percent more likely to begin volunteering regularly in their own communities. We have great mentoring programs in our San Joaquin Valley that I have the honor and privilege to represent filled with individuals dedicated to pro-viding support and guidance to youth. Some of the critical programs include, but are not limited to, Big Brothers Big Sisters of Central California, Focus Forward, and Care Fresno. When I was a senior at Fresno State, just a few years ago, I was a mentor in the Big Brother program. And let me tell you, my little brother, Phillip Yancey, I still remember to this day. I thought I was doing a good thing by giving some of my time, but I will tell you that I gained much more in appre-ciation for the challenges that this young man had. For the 18 months I was his mentor, I hope I made a dif-ference; but, clearly, I know that Phil-lip made a difference in my life. So, it is a two-way street. Mentoring is not just helping those young people in our communities, but, I will tell you, it is a rewarding experience. Sadly, still, there are an estimated 9 million young people throughout the United States who do not have mentors or positive adult role models as a part of their lives outside of their home. That is why I join with many of my colleagues in cosponsoring the resolu-tion to make January National Men-toring Month. We need to raise aware-ness of the significant roles that men-tors play in the lives of young people across the United States, and we need to promote the creation and expansion of quality mentoring programs. Lastly, I want to take a moment to thank out there all who have partici-pated in various types of mentoring programs across this great country of ours. You are making a difference. HONORING THERESA DIMAGGIO  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Theresa DiMaggio as the Heroine of the Month for Califor-nia’s 16th Congressional District. Theresa is a fierce advocate for vet-erans. She has dedicated her career to ensuring that veterans receive only the best care and treatment. Why? She is a veteran herself. For over 11 years she has worked in the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, including the VA medical facil-ity in Fresno, California, which serves veterans in my district, an important hospital. Here, I had the pleasure to work with Theresa to make sure that our San Joaquin Valley veterans and their families received the high-quality care and service they deserve. Theresa will continue to serve our veterans in the Veterans Administra-tion San Diego Healthcare System. We will miss her in our valley. Stephen Bauman, the director of the Fresno VA hospital, described Theresa in this way: 
In my 40 years in working with the Federal Government, I have rarely worked with someone that is so focused on supporting our fellow veterans. Theresa’s dedication and her commitment to our Nation’s heroes is unpar-alleled. She works tirelessly to ensure each veteran is provided the best support possible and has truly been an inspiration to me. She will be missed by all of us who worked with her. 
Theresa is a veteran herself. She proudly served, as I said, this country in the United States Army. Altogether, she has been serving our Nation honor-ably for 19 years, an incredible record. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the outstanding service of Theresa DiMaggio, her strong commitment to supporting our veterans, and the example that she has set for all of us. We cannot thank her enough for her service to our country. Congratulations on a job well done, and God bless. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.000 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH684 January 30, 2018 
LOOKING FORWARD TO THE STATE OF THE UNION ADDRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today just hours be-fore our 45th President, Donald Trump, will deliver his first State of the Union Address. Members of Congress and guests will fill this Chamber tonight to hear the President speak about a host of issues impacting America, from economic growth to trade deals and infrastruc-ture investments, to immigration re-form. I look forward to hearing the President speak about the administra-tion’s successes to date and the plans for the future. The President and the First Lady, Melania Trump, have invited 15 guests to attend the speech tonight, including veterans, law enforcement officers, first responders, and families who have lost loved ones in the fight against the MS–13 street gang. All the guests in this Chamber tonight, invited by Mem-bers of both parties, represent a wide cross section of America, and I know that all have hope that our greatest days truly do lie ahead. Just weeks ago, the House passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act for the Amer-ican people to get our economy moving again. In February, Americans will see and are beginning to see, today, more money in their paychecks. We deliv-ered a fairer, simpler, pro-family Tax Code to give more money back to tax-payers and spur economic growth. As the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is im-plemented, we are hearing story after story about how this is already making a difference in millions of people’s lives across the country. We have already seen positive results, and we look for-ward to hearing more from President Trump tonight on his vision for a safe, strong, and proud America. Hundreds of companies across the Nation are sharing the benefit of the GOP tax reform with their workers. They are raising wages, awarding bo-nuses, and increasing 401(k) matching contributions. I want to highlight just some of the companies in the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania that are invest-ing in their employees: 1st Summit Bank in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, provided a $1,000 bonus to all full-time employees on top of their 2017 year-end bonuses, raised its salary ranges, and increased its chari-table giving budget by 10 percent. AccuWeather of State College in my Fifth Congressional District provided special year-end bonuses to all employ-ees over and above other compensation benefits and year-end bonuses to which employees may be entitled. Company leaders said: ‘‘The bonuses are possible due to the company’s robust financial performance in 2017 and strong con-fidence in the growing U.S. and global economy now that the tax bill has passed.’’ Fulton Financial in Lancaster raised its base wage to $12 per hour, awarded bonuses for its 3,700 employees, and is increasing charitable contributions by $2 million. Kish Bancorp in Belleville awarded $500 bonuses to part-time employees, $1,000 bonuses to full-time employees, is adding $10 million to capital expend-itures over the next 3 years, and will raise their base wage. This is just a fraction of what is hap-pening in the Commonwealth and in States across the Nation. The benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act are just beginning to be seen, and I have great faith that the benefits will just con-tinue to grow for the American people. Mr. Speaker, tonight I know the President will be talking about his record-setting accomplishments in his first year, how the policies of his ad-ministration are lifting all Americans and setting a foundation for building a safe, strong, and proud America. From jobs and the economy to his $1 trillion plan for rebuilding our depleted infra-structure, to important immigration reforms, I know that he will cover a lot of ground tonight and will speak from the heart. I also hope to hear about our na-tional security, from rebuilding our military to the ongoing efforts to de-feat terrorists around the world who try to harm America and Americans. I know the President’s State of the Union Address will resonate with our American values and unite us with pa-triotism and greater opportunities. I welcome the President tonight to this Chamber, as well as the First Lady and all the guests, and I look forward to hearing his important message for the future of our country. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF BISHOP ALEXIS THOMAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Bishop Alexis Thomas, who passed away on January 18, 2018. Bishop Thomas was many things to many people. He was an inspiring pas-tor. He was a father, a son, and a broth-er. He was a dynamic and passionate leader not just at Pilgrim Rest Baptist Church, but throughout our commu-nity in Phoenix. Under his careful stewardship, Pilgrim Rest grew by leaps and bounds. However, Bishop Thomas’ service ex-tended well beyond the church. Bishop Thomas founded the African American Christian Clergy Coalition and co-founded the African American Stra-tegic Alliance Coalition in Phoenix. Thanks to these endeavors and many others, Bishop Thomas will be remem-bered as a man with a remarkable vi-sion for change who was taken from us way too soon. Mr. Speaker, I was proud to call Bishop Thomas my friend. I can per-sonally attest that he worked miracles, large and small, every day in Phoenix and in Arizona. He touched more lives than we will ever know. And though we are devastated by his loss, we know that his legacy of service and love will live forever in our community. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO LYLE WELLS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to pay tribute to two leaders, one from the First Congressional District of New York, from the North Fork. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Lyle Wells, whose family farm is over 350 years old. Lyle was taken from our community too soon. He was a leader, a former president of the Long Island Farm Bureau, and a one-time member of the Riverhead Town Planning Board. He positively led and left a great im-pact and legacy on the next generation of farmers who really do need to be bet-ter cultivated to give that opportunity to be able to thrive. Long Island Farm Bureau Adminis-trative Director Rob Carpenter, talk-ing about Wells’ impact and a relation-ship going back decades, said: ‘‘He would take all the time needed to ex-plain a program to anyone who wanted to learn about farming—a legislator, a community member, another farmer. It’s a big loss. You just can’t replace a Lyle.’’ It was also observed that everyone would start laughing because of his style of laughter. It was an honor that he graced our community and our town. Him having gone through life in this community made the rest of us better. That was the positive impact of Lyle Wells. A memorial service will be held for Lyle this Thursday, February 1, begin-ning at 11 a.m. on the hill at Wells Homestead Acres, located at 185 Phil-lips Lane in Aquebogue. We will pray for Lyle’s family. We are thinking about Lyle, and he will certainly be looking over what hope-fully will be 350 more years of great farming on that family farm. 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO RABBI ISAIAH ZELDIN  
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today to pay tribute to Rabbi Isaiah Zeldin, who just passed away at the age of 97. For me, Rabbi Zeldin was Uncle Shy. For the Stephen Wise Temple in Los Angeles, he was their founder, their rabbi, their teacher, and their friend, according to the announcement they posted on their website. Rabbi Zeldin was born in Brooklyn, New York. His father’s picture, Morris, is in my office. Morris Zeldin was a re-spected scholar and ardent Zionist. Rabbi Zeldin moved to Los Angeles in 1954 to establish the California branch of Hebrew Union College and served as an 11–State regional director of the Union of American Hebrew Congrega-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.003 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H685 January 30, 2018 
In 1964, he and a nucleus of 35 fami-lies founded Stephen Wise Temple on a beautiful 18-acre mountain site situ-ated between the city’s two largest Jewish population centers: the West Side and San Fernando Valley. b1015 It is a beautiful temple. When you are there for a service and hear the great singers and see the sunset out the windows, you know that you are in a very special place. This temple became one of the largest Jewish congregations in the entire world. Uncle Shy, we miss you. We thank you, and we know that you have im-pacted tens of thousands of people so positively, and we will honor you, re-member you for your legacy and your impact on generations to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OFELIA RUDER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning in recognition of Ofelia Ruder, who will be celebrating her 90th birthday this May. Ofelia Ruder is the executive director of the Cuban Hebrew Congregation, a religious organization in my congres-sional district that was dedicated to providing a home for Jews coming out of Cuba. Like me and my family and so many others, Mr. Speaker, Ofelia Ruder was forced to flee Castro’s brutal tyranny. In 1960, she arrived in the United States, this great land of opportunity, with her husband and two boys. Soon thereafter, sadly, she lost her husband to cancer and was faced with a chal-lenge of raising her two small children by herself. They both eventually be-came dedicated civil servants working to improve our south Florida commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, in the 50 years that Ofelia Ruder has served at the syna-gogue, she has touched the lives of so many and has been a beacon of hope for all those who know her. Her work has earned her many awards and recogni-tions for her contributions to our coun-ty, to the Cuban Hebrew Congregation, and to Israel. I am very thankful for Ofelia Ruder’s service. ‘‘Feliz cumpleanos,’’ ‘‘happy birth-day,’’ Ofelia. 
HONORING PALMETTO BAY NATIVE , MIKI EREZ  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Palmetto Bay resi-dent Miki Erez, a constituent of my congressional district who recently competed in the 2018 Fitbit Miami Mar-athon and Half Marathon. Miki was injured while serving in the Israeli Air Force during the 1973 Yom Kippur War, where he suffered multiple spinal injuries. Despite three spinal op-erations over an 18-month period, Miki never let his injuries slow him down. Miki’s experiences led him to create a revolutionary home training system for wheelchair users called Wheelchair Fitness Solutions. This system, the first of its kind, was designed specifi-cally for disabled individuals. Miki also participates in a range of activities in south Florida, including wheelchair basketball and swimming, as well as contributing to the spinal cord injury community and veterans associations. Forty years later, his in-juries have not prevented him from being an active and inspiring member of our south Florida community. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rep-resent people like Miki who inspire others each and every day. Congratulations to Miki Erez. f 
PROVIDE TERMINALLY ILL PA-TIENTS WITH LIFESAVING TREATMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to once again urge this House to put right-to-try legislation on the floor and to provide Americans with terminal illnesses potentially life-saving treatment. Matt Bellina, my constituent, a 31- year old Navy veteran, husband, father of three, and an ALS warrior who has been a partner in this fight, recently sent me the following message: ‘‘In ALS there is only one active phase III trial. The drug is NurOwn, and it looks incredibly promising, but I didn’t meet the exclusion criteria, so I am unable to participate in this trial. It looks like the drug has a good shot of mak-ing it to market in quarter one of 2020. Unfortunately, there is a good chance that I will be dead by then. ‘‘The right-to-try bill is the only via-ble option for me at this point. I am begging you and the rest of Congress to get this done. I want to be there to watch my three boys grow up.’’ Mr. Speaker, we must not delay this lifesaving legislation any longer. I urge House leadership to put this bill on the floor for a vote. Terminally ill patients across this country are depending on us. 
RECOGNIZING OLYMPIANS FROM BUCKS COUNTY , 
PENNSYLVANIA  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exceptional athletes from Bucks County who will be representing our Nation in the 2018 Winter Olympics next month. Jamie Greubel Poser, from Newtown, Pennsylvania, will represent the United States as a member of the bob-sled team. Ryan Gunderson, from Bensalem, Pennsylvania, will be joining the U.S. Olympic hockey team as a defender. Brian O’Neill, from Yardley, Pennsyl-vania, will join the U.S. hockey team as a forward. Jamie is a veteran of competition at this level, having won a bronze medal at both the 2017 World Champion-ships—also held in South Korea—as well as the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics. For Brian O’Neill, this will be his first experience as an Olympic compet-itor. A standout player at Germantown Academy and Yale University, Brian went on to play for the New Jersey Devils before eventually playing for the Kontinental Hockey League. Ryan Gunderson, also a first-time Olympic competitor, led Holy Ghost Prep to its first Flyers Cup. He cur-rently plays in the Swedish Hockey League. Mr. Speaker, I wish Ryan, Jamie, and Brian great success. They will, no doubt, make Bucks County and our en-tire Nation proud. f 
DEFENSE BUDGET The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) for 5 min-utes. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, we have an ex-plicit constitutional responsibility to provide for the common defense. Yet some of my colleagues would rather use our military as a bargaining chip for political reasons. For 3 days, our military was held hostage while the government shut down for an unrelated immigration issue. For 3 days, military families across the globe faced fear and uncer-tainty over whether they would be paid on time. Unfortunately, this is not the last time or the first time our military has been used as a political pawn. Year after year, defense spending is held hostage, causing our readiness to reach a dangerously low level. In testimony before the House Armed Services Committee, Secretary Mattis stated: ‘‘No enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of our mili-tary than sequestration.’’ We are facing a host of threats from every direction; threats that jeopardize our safety, our freedom, and our way of life. North Korea is aggressively pur-suing a nuclear arsenal that can target the United States and our allies. Chi-na’s land reclamation has sparked international clashes. Russian oppor-tunistic aggression is threatening our allies and could trigger a NATO alli-ance response. Violent extremists are threatening global stability as their evil idealogy poisons minds and in-duces followers to kill innocent people. Iran continues to invoke instability by sponsoring terrorism around the globe. We expect our military to be able to respond to each of these threats, yet years of budget cuts and continuing resolutions have degrade our military’s capabilities and destroyed morale. Here are the stunning and sobering facts: Less than half of the Navy’s aircraft can fly due to maintenance and spare parts delays. Of the 58 Army combat brigade teams that our Nation depends on to deploy overseas to defend our freedoms, only five could be called upon to fight to-night. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.004 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH686 January 30, 2018 
Last year, two Navy destroyers were involved in collisions that tragically claimed the lives of 17 sailors. These ships will undergo repairs for years to come. I saw this personally in September when I toured the USS Fitzgerald in a naval base in Japan. I stood in the room where seven sailors died when their ship collided with a commercial freighter, tearing a hole in the side of the ship and flooding their room where they were sleeping with water in less than 2 minutes, giving them too little time to escape. It was heart-wrenching to see, and it remains heartbreaking to think about the pain these families will endure for years to come. Perhaps saddest of all is that these accidents were not due to an enemy at-tack. They were due to training lapses and poor leadership which was exacer-bated by high demand for service, com-bined with a lack of funding for needed ships and a lack of training because of defense cuts. Last year alone, 80 U.S. servicemem-bers were killed in readiness-related accidents, nearly four times the num-ber that were killed in hostilities. Our men and women in uniform de-serve better. We owe it to them to pro-vide them with all that they need as they stand ready to actively fight a re-surgent Russia, an emergent China, an unstable North Korea, an unpredictable Iran, and widespread violent extre-mism. We cannot expect our sons and daughters to volunteer for military service and thereby volunteer to be placed in harm’s way without proper equipment and adequate training. Mr. Speaker, we must end this deadly cycle of continuing resolutions. We must end sequestration and provide for the common defense. We must approve a long-term budget that provides des-perately needed increases in funding for the military. American military superiority is not a God-given right or a law of nature. It has been earned on the backs of a moti-vated volunteer force. It is our duty to ensure that force is well-equipped and well-trained. The current normal is un-acceptable and irresponsible. Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to end this travesty and to stand with our military as they stand for freedom for us every day. 
f 
A DEVOLUTION IS TAKING PLACE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I proudly rise and stand in the well of the Congress of the United States of America to address the question of the State of the Union. What is the State of the Union? Mr. Speaker, the State of the Union is one of devolution. We are devolving into the normalization of inequality; inequality in a way that allows us to pass a $1.5 trillion giveaway that will reward the rich for being rich and pun-ish the poor for being poor. We are devolving into hyperpartisan political events by the hijacking of a Supreme Court Justice when Justice Gorsuch was appointed to the Supreme Court. We are evolving and devolving into the hijacking of justice itself because we now find that there are those who believe that there is a deep-state con-spiracy within the Justice Department; that somehow there is this belief that the Justice Department should be as-saulted and attacked; that it should be demeaned; that it should be discred-ited. We are devolving into, Mr. Speaker, the normalization of disqualifying big-otry, as evidenced by some of the state-ments that have come from the Presi-dency; statements that would nor-malize language such as: there are some ‘‘fine people’’ among those who are bigots, racists, and persons perpe-trating hate in Charlottesville, as evi-denced by the notion that we can allow people to say ugly things about other countries and, in a sense, develop a race-based immigration policy. Mr. Speaker, we are devolving into a society that recognizes a rising stock market as the acid test for everything when, in fact, it is only proof that some people are doing better while many others are not. There is a devolution taking place, and I, Mr. Speaker, contend that there is a solution to this devolution. The so-lution is the impeachment of an unfit President. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
b1030 TONIGHT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, tonight I will have the privi-lege of hearing the State of the Union Address that I have been waiting to hear since I first came to Congress 7 years ago. Tonight our entire country will hear a confident message of undeniable good news for all Americans—not based on fantasy and hope, but on facts and un-deniable success. Tonight the President of the United States will come to the people’s House and speak to a nation that is far better off today than we were just 1 year ago in every measurable way. Now, this success did not come by ac-cident. Over the past year, by working with a unified Congress, President Trump was able to begin implementing his agenda to Make America Great Again. Let’s revisit what he has done when it comes to accomplishments. The signing of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act marked the first time our Tax Code was updated in over 31 years. It lowered tax rates for all taxpayers across the board, and it cut the cor-porate tax rate down from 35 percent to 21 percent which allows us to compete globally. It permanently repealed ObamaCare’s individual mandate. It opened up ANWR for drilling and brand new energy exploration. When it comes to deregulation, he signed 15 CRA bills into law in less than a year, imposed a groundbreaking rule on the Federal bureaucracy to kill two regulations for every new regula-tion written, and has rolled back more job-killing red tape than every Presi-dent before him combined. When it comes to the courts, by ap-pointing conservatives like Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court and a historic number to the appellate courts, he is restoring constitu-tionalism and common sense to our ju-diciary system. These appointments will reverberate for generations to come. Now, when it comes to the outcomes, the entire stock market is at an all- time high. Contrary to what some peo-ple will speak, this affects the pensions of all Americans. Female unemploy-ment is at its lowest level since 2001. Black and Hispanic unemployment are at their lowest levels ever. For 13 dif-ferent States, overall unemployment is at its lowest rate since we first began recording it. New manufacturing orders are in-creasing at their fastest pace in 14 years. Quarterly GDP is exceeding ex-pectations and is on track for a 3 per-cent annual growth rate for the first time in 13 years. Consumer confidence is at its highest level since 2000. Job market confidence is at its highest level ever, and because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act alone, more than 3 mil-lion American workers—and count-ing—are receiving $1,000 bonuses, or more, wage increases, and/or benefit in-creases. Now, in my own city that I live in, NexTier Bank gave over 250 of its associates a $1,000 bonus. Those are hardly crumbs when it comes to hard-working American taxpayers. Abroad, the Islamic State—once thought to be unstoppable—is now shattered. Military morale, recently at rock bottom, is now soaring. Our troops are currently receiving their largest pay raise in 8 years. When it comes to liberty and con-science issues, we ended the war on re-ligious liberty. We tore up the so-called HHS contraceptive mandate; no more nuns fighting for their survival in the Supreme Court; and we reinstated the Mexico City policy the first weekend in office. When it comes to energy, we ended the war on coal, we stopped the EPA’s so-called Clean Power Plan, we ap-proved both the Keystone XL and Da-kota pipelines, and we have plans in place to dramatically expand offshore drilling. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.006 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H687 January 30, 2018 
When it comes to American leader-ship, we pulled out of the Paris climate accord, we ended the Cuba appease-ment, we condemned and decertified the Iran deal, and Guantanamo Bay is still open with no threat of closing. By changing the rules of engagement, trusting our generals, and unleashing our military might, he has overseen the total destruction of the ISIS ca-liphate. The entire world is safer be-cause of American leadership. Through his words and deeds—most recently with Jerusalem—the world sees Amer-ica leading with moral clarity and con-fidence again. Mr. Speaker, tonight I will have the privilege of hearing the State of the Union that I have been waiting to hear for 7 years. Tonight we will look at an economy and a State of the Union that is as strong as Pittsburgh steel. Our economy is roaring, and Amer-ica’s optimism is soaring. Our citizens are becoming more prosperous. Our law enforcement is becoming empowered and not undermined. Our military is growing stronger by the day. Our inter-national credibility is being restored. Our friends, once again, trust us; and our enemies, once again, fear us. The whole world knows that we will also put America first. But this is just the start. There is still much work left to be done. But as of today, the facts say it all: America is winning again. 
f 
MILITARY PAYCHECKS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is nice to have the United States econ-omy starting to win again. It was a great tribute to the President’s leader-ship that we got a tax bill done that is already reaping fantastic benefits for so many across the country. It is rather amazing to see people in some parts of the media who have taken surveys already to see if people have benefited from a tax bill that ac-tually applies to the taxes due at the end of this year even before they get their February paycheck that will ac-tually reflect those savings. But I guess if your goal is to undermine the President at every turn rather than to be fair and impartial media, that is the kind of thing you do in January. You do it quickly before individuals have a chance to say and know how much the tax bill will improve their lives. It is also rather amazing to hear peo-ple from this body refer to a $1,000 bonus as crumbs. One would think you would have to basically be a multi-millionaire to think of $1,000 as crumbs. But for those of us who cashed out most everything we had in order to come be a servant in Congress, $1,000 is still a lot of money. It will pay a lot of bills. It is good for American families and individuals that they are able to do that. I do want to call attention to some-thing that my friend, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , referenced, and that is the threat of paychecks not coming to our military when they are in harm’s way pro-tecting our very freedoms that allow us to debate and push through legislation. Going back to 2011, I saw the mili-tary used as pawns in order to force— or try to force—Republicans to vote for a bad continuing resolution that broke many of our promises. I had encour-aged the Speaker, at that time, that we needed to do something to make sure that our military—the military pay— was treated as our Social Security pay-checks were treated where they are on automatic pilot, and even if there is a shutdown, those checks continue to go out. I know that is a surprise to some of our seniors because, in the last admin-istration, the President and others con-tinually told people that, if there was a shutdown, the Social Security checks would not be going out. Unfortunately, that was just a problem of ignorance, and, of course, there is no House rule that objects to our pointing out igno-rance of a fact. But the fact is Social Security checks go out automatically. If someone is entitled to an increase in their Social Security check, that does not occur until after the shutdown is over. After I saw that the Republican Speaker, back in 2011, after being warned that we shouldn’t use our mili-tary pay as leverage to get people to vote for a bill that they shouldn’t vote for, I actually filed a bill before that CR came due that would ensure that the military was paid as Social Secu-rity. If you are entitled to a promotion or additional pay, that doesn’t come until the shutdown is over. That bill has again been filed in this Congress. The name is the ASAP bill, Armed Services Always Paid. We need to go ahead and bring that bill to the floor, push the Senate to do the same thing, and put our military’s pay on automatic pilot. They would never have to worry. Having served in the military, in the U.S. Army, for 4 years, I know our military is being paid better than we were back when I was on Active Duty. But even still, I know too many in our military who are barely getting by on what they are paid. The last thing they need is to be in harm’s way dodging bullets or IEDs or rocket-propelled gre-nades and have to be worrying whether their loved ones back in the United States are going to have the check so that they can pay their car payment and their home payment. Let’s pass this ASAP bill imme-diately. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 40 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O God, for giv-ing us another day. As You make available to Your peo-ple the grace and knowledge to meet the needs of the day, we pray that Your spirit will be upon the Members of this people’s House, giving them the rich-ness of Your wisdom. Bless the Members of the majority party as they prepare and gather these next days. May they, with those who accompany them, travel safely and meet in peace. Bless also the minority party as they prepare for their own gathering. May these days be filled with hopeful antici-pation. Bless also the President as he visits the people’s House to address the Na-tion this evening. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ANETTA ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. PANETTA led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
AMERICANS ARE BETTER OFF (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the differences are stark between President Obama’s first year in office and President Trump’s first year in of-fice. If you just listen to the liberal media, you would think our country is worse off under President Trump. How-ever, if you follow the facts, Americans are far better off. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.008 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH688 January 30, 2018 
In 2009, 4 million jobs were lost. In 2017, 1.7 million jobs were created. Gross domestic product in President Obama’s first year went down 2.8 per-cent. It was up 2.3 percent last year. Unemployment in 2009 increased from 7.8 percent to 9.9 percent. It fell in 2017 from 4.8 percent to 4.1 percent, a 17- year low. The Standard & Poor’s stock market index was at 1,115 President Obama’s first year. It recently hit 2,673. President Trump’s policies are help-ing more Americans get back to work, pay less in taxes, and build their retire-ment and savings accounts. These are the facts. Mr. Speaker, Americans can accu-rately say they are better off today than they were 8 years ago, or even 1 year ago. 
f 
BUILD BRIDGES, NOT WALLS (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Madam Speaker, 2017 was a year marked with division and distraction, a disservice to Americans seeking solutions to real challenges facing our Nation. My hope is that the new year pro-vides an opportunity to move away from divisive discourse and toward con-structive dialogue and real outcomes. This year, we can take real steps to strengthen Medicare and Social Secu-rity, as well as ensuring access to qual-ity and affordable healthcare for all Americans. This year, we can promote job growth and success for all Americans by making smart, targeted invest-ments in education and scientific re-search, as well as preparing our work-force for the 21st century. This year, we can commit ourselves to building a foundation for a stronger America by making investments in our Nation’s roads, waterways, infrastruc-ture, and communities. Madam Speaker, as we consider the State of the Union, this Congress has two choices: build walls or build bridges. Bridges lead to better healthcare, to better jobs, to a better economy to make America great again, and again, and again. 
f 
ECONOMIC REVIVAL (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, today is State of the Union day, and it is an opportunity for the Nation to hear from the President on the progress we have been making and the challenges that lie ahead. One thing I am looking forward to is hearing about how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the regulatory reforms we have seen over the past year are causing our economy to roar back to life, creating more jobs and putting more money in people’s pockets. Fifty-five years ago, President Ken-nedy delivered a State of the Union that recognized the power of tax cuts that put money back into the private sector. Talking about the economy, President Kennedy said: ‘‘To achieve these greater gains, one step, above all, is essential . . . a substantial reduction and revision in Federal income taxes.’’ I am glad President Trump and Con-gress have followed President Ken-nedy’s and President Reagan’s model. The economic revival happening today is not only lifting incomes, it is what is going to generate the tax revenues that will help us meet the challenges that lie ahead. That is something for all Americans to celebrate. f 
REMEMBERING DARBY WORTH (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize and remember Darby Worth, an activist, a community member of my hometown, and most importantly, she was one of the teach-ers at my elementary school. Mrs. Worth, as I knew her, worked 20 years at Tularcitos Elementary School, the school where I went and my daugh-ters go today. Now, I didn’t know that at the time, but many years ago before she was a teacher, she was well versed in environmental and social activism. By the time she did take up teaching, she had already traveled to San Fran-cisco many times to protest the Viet-nam war. Well after she retired from Tularcitos, Darby was unrelenting in her commitment to social justice, women’s rights, challenging corporate power, and, yes, fighting climate change. She had many movements that she was behind, and it is understandable considering that she felt strongly that everything is interconnected. That is why, at 90, she was already planning and fighting the county to be buried in her front yard. Madam Speaker, I am not sure if she was laid to rest in that location, but I do know that Mrs. Worth will always be remembered not for just being a teacher to children, but because of her interconnectivity to all of us. She was somebody that we all learned from. 
f 
CELEBRATING MAPLE LEAF FARMS’ 60TH ANNIVERSARY (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Maple Leaf Farms on celebrating 60 wonderful years. This family-owned operation has been a staple in northern Indiana and the U.S. duck industry since 1958. While 60 years of successful oper-ations is a tremendous accomplish-ment, Maple Leaf Farms’ expansion, production capabilities, and newest global ventures speak volumes to the dedication and ingenuity of the Tucker family. I am proud to learn of the strong business model and outstanding leadership of the Tuckers that has led Maple Leaf Farms to handle 10 million ducks a year and supply products worldwide. It is truly an honor to represent such passionate and committed Hoosier farmers as the Tuckers. I am grateful for the positive contributions they have made to our community. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Second Dis-trict Hoosiers, I want to thank Maple Leaf Farms for strengthening Indiana’s farming community, and I wish them all the best in their next 60 years. f 
GIVE HUMAN TRAFFICKING SURVIVORS RELIEF (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Madam Speaker, too often when we think about human traf-ficking as a tragedy, we think about it as something that goes on in someone else’s country, in some other place other than our home. Most people are surprised to find out that thousands of men, women, and children right here in the United States are enslaved by human traf-ficking every year. In my home State of Hawaii, an estimated 1,500 to 2,500 victims are impacted each year with girls as young as 10 and 11 years old re-cruited and kidnapped from malls, beaches, and schools. So as we work to confront and stop perpetrators of human trafficking, we also need to change the way that we treat survivors of this heinous crime. Because even after the horrors that these individuals go through of rape, physical abuse, kidnapping, and so much more, these survivors are too often charged as criminals themselves, thrown in jail, and shackled with a criminal record that follows them wherever they go. We need to end this cycle of crim-inalization and give survivors an op-portunity to heal and move on with their lives by passing the Trafficking Survivors Relief Act. Madam Speaker, as Human Traf-ficking Awareness Month comes to a close, I urge my colleagues to join me, to pass this important legislation and empower change for those who need it the most. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING AWARENESS MONTH—A STORY OF HOPE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, Tonya was 13 years old when she met Eddie. They struck up a relationship and the two moved in together in Dal-las, Texas. But what seemed to be a ‘‘normal’’ relationship turned out not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H689 January 30, 2018 
to be. Eddie turned Tonya into a sex slave. Eddie sold Tonya to men for money. She was the victim of sex trafficking. Night after night, Tonya was forced to be with potential suitors. With her body being used for profit and no es-cape in sight, Tonya had almost given up hope. But help arrived when Home-land Security Special Agent Keith Owens receive a tip and the outlaw was arrested. He was sentenced to 12 years in prison. Tonya was freed from her shackles of modern-day slavery. This is Human Trafficking Awareness Month, Madam Speaker, and our fight for Tonya and others is not over. We must remain vigilant. Society has to rescue their victims, restore them, and put the slave masters in the jailhouse. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
CHINA IS DESTROYING TIBETAN BUDDHISM (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, last week, Human Rights Watch re-ported that the Chinese Government has imposed draconian new controls on Larung Gar, the famous Tibetan Bud-dhist center of learning. An official document says Com-munist Party cadres are taking over management, finances, security, ad-missions, and even the choice of text-books. This follows last year’s demolitions and expulsions. China says it respects constitu-tionally protected religious beliefs. That is a lie. When the state puts offi-cials who are required to be atheists in charge of your religious institutions, that is not religious freedom. When ad-mission requires a firm political stand, when the state tells you what to teach and students must honor the Com-munist Party, that is not religious freedom. Sadly, the White House has been si-lent as human rights abuses in China worsen. Enough is enough. Congress must pass the Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act. If the President won’t act, Congress must ensure there are con-sequences for China’s egregious actions to control and destroy Tibetan Bud-dhism. 
f 
CUBA: COMMUNIST FAILURE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Madam Speaker, The Epoch Times this month presented an extraordinary ex-pose by economist Daniel Lacalle that Cuba ‘‘still serves as the best example of why communism doesn’t work and will never work.’’ Cuba was once one of Latin Amer-ica’s wealthiest countries when Com-munists seized power. But now the Cas-tro regime—like any socialist govern-ment—is a machine of squandering sub-sidies. Between 1960 and 1990, Cuba received more than $65 billion from the Soviet Union, also hundreds of millions of dol-lars from international organizations. Despite this, the NationMaster ranking ranks Cuba last, 176th in the world, with an average salary of $25.05 per month in 2014. The only way Cuba can catch up with other developing coun-tries is by ridding itself of communism. Former British Prime Minister Mar-garet Thatcher has been proven right again: ‘‘The trouble with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people’s money.’’ In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Madam Speaker, our sympathy this week goes to the people of Afghanistan in the global war who have suffered mass murders in Kabul by the Taliban, reaffirming that we must defeat ter-rorism overseas. f 
RECOGNIZING THE EXTRAOR-DINARY YOUTH OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PLASKETT. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize some extraor-dinary youth from the Virgin Islands. I want to start off by congratulating two distinguished scholars from my district, Rose Kleeger from Country Day High School, and Mansi Totwani from Antilles High School. Of the nearly 3.6 million high school seniors graduating this year, Rose and Mansi are among the 4,500 students named as candidates for the 2018 Presi-dential Scholars Program. In the world of athletics, Alabama State sophomore and St. Croix native, Nia Jack, was fifth in the women’s 60- meter dash at the Fred Wilt Invita-tional this week. In the same meet, fel-low Crucian and Purdue sophomore, Myia Dorsey, ran fourth overall in the women’s 400 meters and led the win-ning women’s 1,600-meter relay team. At the Arkansas State University In-vitational, St. Croix’ Malique Smith won his men’s 400-meter heat in a sea-son’s best. Madam Speaker, I want to congratu-late these scholars and athletes coming from the Virgin Islands. Despite the profound devastation of hurricanes this year which demolished our territory and the delay in funding to rebuild our islands, they are examples of the strength and resilience of Virgin Is-landers to excel no matter what. I thank them for their excellence. b1215 TAX CUTS BENEFITING MON-TANA’S SMALL BUSINESSES AND WORKERS (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, because of the tax cuts passed by con-gressional Republicans and signed by President Trump, small-business own-ers in Montana are expanding their businesses and giving raises and bo-nuses to their employees. An insurance broker in Harlem is giving a pay raise to all of his employ-ees and hiring another staff member. A small business in Stevensville is giving pay raises to all of their employees, and a local grocery store owner in St. Ignatius is giving employees a raise, increasing the starting wage, and pro-viding his workers with a bonus. The leader on the other side of the aisle may deride these bonuses, raises, and investments as crumbs, but they make a real difference to the folks I represent back in Montana. I look for-ward to sharing more good news about how the tax cuts congressional Repub-licans and President Trump enacted last year are benefiting Montana. 
f 
HONORING A GREAT AMERICAN ON HIS BIRTHDAY (Ms. CHENEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American on his birthday: my dad, Dick Cheney. I can imagine no better role model than this good and great man. He loved his time serving in this Chamber as the gentleman from Wyoming. Throughout a career spanning decades, including during some of the most challenging times our Nation has faced, he was a steady and wise hand who always led with the courage of his convictions. No matter the burden he carried, he has always been there for us as a lis-tener and teacher. He taught my sister and me to love our country, to read history and learn from it, to listen more than you talk, that a man’s word should be his bond, and that we owe all we have as Americans to the brave men and women in uniform who fought and died to keep us free. Madam Speaker, the gratitude I have for my dad as an American is surpassed only by my love for him as his daugh-ter. Happy birthday, Dad. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO JUSTICE WILLIAM COUSINS (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I rise to pay tribute 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.013 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH690 January 30, 2018 
to a dear friend, Justice William Cous-ins, who passed away a couple days ago at the age of 90. Bill was a former member of the Chi-cago City Council, called an inde-pendent alderman; a circuit court judge; and an appellate court justice who always sought fairness. He was a gentleman, a scholar, and a Harvard graduate. I commend him for his public service. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Madam Speaker, every year, over 14,000 people are trafficked into the United States. Human traf-ficking is modern-day slavery and is going on in our communities all across the country. That is why, last week, in my district, I hosted a roundtable with local law enforcement, healthcare offi-cials, victim advocates, and elected of-ficials as part of a Human Trafficking Awareness Month seminar to discuss how we can combat this problem. What we found is a lack of awareness and communication on this issue. The area that I represent contains major highways that are beltways for traf-fickers, which only makes it easier for this crime to continue. What we determined is that we need further training for law enforcement and healthcare providers so that this kind of abuse can be more easily iden-tified and reported. We should also re-examine sentencing, as criminals cur-rently face harsher sentences for drug trafficking than for human trafficking. The bills we voted on yesterday are positive steps in this fight against human trafficking and, hopefully, just the first of many to come. We must do all we can to raise awareness and end this humanitarian problem. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF AYDEN O’MALLEY (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor Ayden O’Malley. Ayden is the daughter of Denny and Rosalind O’Malley of Nokomis, Illinois. Along with many of her friends and hundreds of other young people from Il-linois, Ayden traveled here to D.C. ear-lier this month to attend the March for Life. During their trip, Ayden was hos-pitalized after she experienced a seri-ous medical episode. After countless prayers and 5 days of fighting, Ayden gained her angel wings. As her mom said: ‘‘So often answered prayers may not be the answers we want.’’ Ayden was an eighth grader at St. Louis Catholic School, where she was on the honor roll, played volleyball and softball, and volunteered in her com-munity as often as she could. Everyone who knew Ayden said she had a bright, vibrant spirit that brought joy to ev-eryone around her. While they were here in D.C., I met with Ayden’s group, but, unfortu-nately, I never had the honor of meet-ing her. I admire Ayden’s convictions and willingness to be a voice for those who cannot speak for themselves. I ask this House to join me in pray-ing for strength and healing for Ayden’s family, friends, and the Nokomis community during this dif-ficult time. f 
REMEMBERING THE ‘‘CHAL-LENGER’’ ANNIVERSARY 32 YEARS LATER (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, Sunday marked 32 years since the space shuttle Challenger disaster. On January 28, 1986, NASA launched the 10th flight of the space shuttle Challenger, and it broke apart 73 sec-onds into its flight, killing all seven crew members on board. It was dev-astating for those watching at Kennedy Space Center in Florida, for those viewing at home, and for our Nation as a whole. I rise today to remember the Chal-lenger’s dedicated crew: Michael Smith, Dick Scobee, Ronald McNair, Ellison Onizuka, Christa McAuliffe, Gregory Jarvis, and Judith Resnick. As President Reagan said in a tele-vised address 32 years ago: ‘‘We will never forget them, nor the last time we saw them, this morning, as they pre-pared for their journey and waved good-bye and ‘slipped the surly bonds of Earth’ to ‘touch the face of God.’’’ Madam Speaker, these crew members had a passion for exploration. They in-spired children around the world who dreamed of going to space. Through en-couraging STEM study—science, tech-nology, engineering, and math—we can continue to preserve their legacy and inspire another generation of explorers. 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CER-TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, by di-rection of the Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 719 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be, and is hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committee of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES : Mr. Curtis. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 695, CHILD PROTECTION IM-PROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 714 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 714 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history back-ground check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with dis-abilities, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendments thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a single motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House: (1) concur in the Senate amendment to the title; and (2) con-cur in the Senate amendment to the text with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-56. The Senate amendments and the motion shall be consid-ered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the motion to adoption without in-tervening motion or demand for division of the question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). The gentlewoman from Wy-oming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 714, which provides for consideration of a single motion to concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 695, the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Madam Speaker, we meet here today, 122 days into the current fiscal year. FY 2018 is one-third over, and yet the United States Congress has been un-able to appropriate funds for the de-fense of our Nation. I ask my colleagues, Madam Speaker, to pause and let that sink in. The fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.015 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H691 January 30, 2018 
year is over 30 percent done, and we have been unable to appropriate the funds our military needs to defend the Nation. Madam Speaker, this is nothing new. The United States Congress has forced the U.S. military to operate like this under continuing resolutions for 9 of the last 10 years. The rule and the un-derlying bill that we are debating and voting on today, Madam Speaker, is a crucial step towards reversing this dan-gerous trend. This Defense Appropriations bill is a clean bill. It clears away all the poli-tics. It clears away all the posturing. It clears away all the jargon and the process arguments. Madam Speaker, this is an up-or- down vote on the one issue that mat-ters more than any other: providing for the common defense of our Republic. The question before this House today is whether we will do our constitu-tional duty and provide the funds for those who are putting their lives on the line for all of us. There is no other question, Madam Speaker. And for those who vote ‘‘no,’’ there will be no place to hide when history comes to ask why they failed to do their duty. Our military has been strangled for the last decade, Madam Speaker. Obama-era budget cuts are certainly to blame. The Obama administration’s de-fense budgets were based on a set of dangerous policies and false assump-tions: They assumed we could withdraw from the Middle East and the terrorists would stop fighting. They assumed we could talk North Korea out of their nuclear program with a policy of ‘‘strategic patience.’’ They assumed Russian and Chinese efforts to upend the global world order the United States built and sustained with our allies over 70 years were no threat to our national security. Perhaps worst of all, Madam Speak-er, they assumed that paying billions of dollars to the regime in Tehran in exchange for unverifiable promises from the mullahs about their nuclear program would serve America’s inter-ests. Never before, Madam Speaker, has an American President been so wrong about so much at the expense of so many. But we in Congress must also accept some of the blame. While the previous administration was pursuing policies that aided our adversaries and harmed our national interests, the United States Congress adopted the Budget Control Act, a law that has proven dev-astating to the security of our Nation. Beginning with the Budget Control Act in 2011, the United States Congress imposed arbitrary spending caps on do-mestic and defense discretionary spending. We handcuffed the military, Madam Speaker. No longer could they ask: What are the threats, and what do we need to defend ourselves? Instead, our men and women in uniform were faced with arbitrary caps and, in 2013, sequestration. When the supercommittee that was established by the Budget Control Act failed to come to any agreement on cuts in mandatory spending—manda-tory spending being the real driver, Madam Speaker, of our national debt— sequestration kicked in. This was like taking a meat cleaver to every account in the defense budget at a time of war when our adversaries are gaining in strength, readiness, and capability every day. By every measure, Madam Speaker, the Budget Control Act has failed. Since its passage in 2011, the national debt has grown by nearly $4 trillion. b1230 Five years ago, the CBO estimated that the U.S. debt would reach 80 per-cent of GDP by 2029. Today, Madam Speaker, the CBO projects that will happen by 2022. The Budget Control Act has failed to do what it intended to do. Madam Speaker, we have got to ac-knowledge something else. The Budget Control Act created the concept on which our current budget negotiations are stalled. The idea, espoused espe-cially by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, that we must have ‘‘parity’’—for every dollar we increase defense spending, they demand a dollar increase in domestic spending—is lu-nacy, Madam Speaker. We are the people’s elected Rep-resentatives with the responsibility for stewardship over taxpayer dollars. We are responsible for appropriating funds for the Nation. Those funds should be appropriated based upon our deter-mination of the needs and priorities, not based upon some arbitrary concept of parity. The dysfunction in this budget proc-ess is now so great, Madam Speaker, that, because of the BCA, we are in the process of actually spending more on programs we don’t need. It is time to fully repeal the BCA. Madam Speaker, my colleague on the Rules Committee, Mr. M
CGOVERN , will no doubt shortly point out that Repub-licans control the House and the Sen-ate and the White House. He is right, of course. But Mr. M
CGOVERN also knows that it takes 60 votes to pass anything in the Senate, which gives the Demo-crats and their leader, C
HUCK SCHUMER , power far beyond what they would oth-erwise enjoy to block action. Mr. Speaker, as you know, we have passed all 12 appropriations bills through this body, including this De-fense Appropriations bill, only to have these bills languish in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, the defense of this Na-tion must no longer be held hostage to the rules of the United States Senate. If 60 United States Senators cannot be found to do what is right and fund our military, then, Mr. Speaker, that body has a constitutional obligation to change its rules and stop allowing a small minority to hold our military hostage for political reasons. The threat is real and the situation is dire, Mr. Speaker. Today, we have the smallest Army since before World War II, the smallest Navy since before World War I, and the smallest and old-est Air Force we have ever had. Only 5 of 58 brigade combat teams in the Army are ‘‘ready to fight tonight.’’ Funding for future readiness against competitors like Russia and China has been cut by over 70 percent in the last 10 years. As North Korea’s missile pro-gram advances, the U.S. inventory of missile defense interceptors is dan-gerously low. Less than half of the Navy’s aircraft can fly, due to mainte-nance and spare parts issues. Only 50 percent of the Air Force’s combat forces are sufficiently ready for a high-ly contested fight against a peer adver-sary. Mr. Speaker, we are running out of bombs. Our supply of precision muni-tions has been depleted by budget cuts and increased operations. Fatal acci-dents are increasing. This is all hap-pening, Mr. Speaker, as the global threat environment is more complex, more imminent, and more grave than at any time since World War II. Every day we fail to do our duty in this body, the risk to our troops increases, and it becomes easier for our adversaries to close the capabilities gap. Surely, Mr. Speaker, on this issue we can set politics aside and do what is right for our Republic, for our freedom, and for every man and woman standing watch on the front lines for all of us. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this rule and the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HENEY ) for the customary 30 min-utes. Mr. Speaker, here we go again, lit-erally. Today we are considering, for the third time, the FY 2018 Defense Ap-propriations Act. The House took up and passed this bill in July. The House took up and passed this bill in Sep-tember. And now, we will take it up and pass it once again under a com-pletely closed process for the third time. I know, Mr. Speaker, that many peo-ple think that the third time is the charm, but in this case, I think the third time is a farce. There are a couple of minor changes to this version of the bill. For example, once again, it has $1.18 billion to fund President Trump’s request to send 3,500 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan, fund-ing which has been attached to prior spending bills. It also has a general provision that turns off sequestration for defense spending. So it busts the budget caps but exempts itself from any con-sequences. That is a neat little trick, Mr. Speaker. But, really, why are we wasting our time on this bill for a third time? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.018 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH692 January 30, 2018 
Here is a little bit of a reality check, Mr. Speaker. Neither this defense bill nor any other appropriations bill can move until the House and Senate Re-publican leadership get their act to-gether, negotiate a budget agreement that works for all our Federal pro-grams, and finally set the top-line numbers for all the appropriations bills. Then, and only then, will our ap-propriators be able to begin negotia-tions on the final FY 2018 omnibus spending bill to fund all our Federal programs, defense and nondefense alike, through the rest of the fiscal year. It would have been nice if this had been done in September, Mr. Speaker, or maybe by October or the end of No-vember or the end of December. One might have hoped to have finally com-pleted the job by the end of this month. That would be 4 whole months into fis-cal year 2018. But we all know that is not going to happen. Now, I don’t know about you, Mr. Speaker, but I sure hope we can get these FY 2018 appropriations bills all done before we have to start working on the fiscal year 2019 appropriations bills. There is a very simple reason why there is no budget agreement. The Re-publicans are squabbling among them-selves over either raising the budget caps or making even deeper cuts in do-mestic spending. It is like the Repub-lican rightwing is fighting with the Re-publican extreme rightwing. I will again remind my colleagues, as my colleague from Wyoming did, Re-publicans control everything. They control the House. They control the Senate. They control the Presidency. I wish they didn’t, but they are in charge. It is their job to keep the lights running. But there is an incompetence that is on display here that I have never, ever seen in all my years of gov-ernment. What should be happening is that the Republican leadership should be reach-ing out to the House and Senate Demo-cratic leadership and negotiating a real bipartisan budget agreement, one that has votes in both Chambers. What a radical idea, to actually sit down and negotiate a bipartisan agree-ment that will get bipartisan votes. The notion that they can present legis-lation on the House floor in this kind of my-way-or-the-highway approach and expect Democrats to vote for it is ludicrous. We are not going to get ev-erything we want. We know that. We are in the minority. But our values need to be represented in these overall budget negotiations as well. So they should do their job. Sit down and work out a deal. That is what they are supposed to do when they are in charge. Instead, here we are entering our fifth month of fiscal year 2018 and no budget agreement, which translates into no final appropriations bills be-cause the appropriations committees don’t know what their top-line spend-ing ceiling is for any of the remaining bills, including defense. It doesn’t matter how many times they send this same bill over to the Senate. It can’t come back to us as a final House-Senate conference report without a budget agreement. They should do their job. We can’t get a budget agreement until the Re-publicans stop fighting amongst them-selves and decide to work for the good of the American people and the Amer-ican military. They should do their job. I know today that we will hear a lot about how important it is to fund our military. Of course, that is important. You won’t hear anybody in this House argue against that. But it is also im-portant to fund things like the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. They help protect us here in the United States from potential terrorist attacks. It is also important to fund the Jus-tice Department. There are many anti-terrorism programs in the Justice De-partment that are important to pro-tecting the citizens of this country. To suggest that somehow they don’t mat-ter, I think, is just wrong. Isn’t it important that we support our Veterans Affairs Department to support our veterans who have sac-rificed so much for this country? To say that somehow they are not a pri-ority, I don’t think that is right. It is important to fund the State De-partment. It is important to fund Transportation, Health and Human Services, Agriculture, Education, Housing and Urban Development, the Energy Department, the Interior De-partment, and all our Federal bureaus, agencies, and programs. America’s national security is more than just our military. It is our local law enforcement. It is our courts. It is our hospitals, our schools, our roads, and our bridges. It is investing in our communities, cities, and our towns. It is taking care of our veterans, our sen-iors, and our children. It is helping our local farmers, businesses, and compa-nies survive and thrive. If we fail in these duties, Mr. Speak-er, then what is there left to defend? Time and time again, Secretary of Defense Mattis has declared that the greatest damage to our military comes from continuing to fund defense by a series of short-term continuing resolu-tions, one after another after another. Yet that is exactly what Republicans in Congress are doing. So, please, Mr. Speaker, let’s have no more crocodile tears about defense spending and how important our mili-tary is. If the military were really a priority for the Republican leadership and not just a good sound bite, then they would have reached a budget agreement and finished the FY 2018 ap-propriation bills—all of them—last year. Mr. Speaker, right now, Federal agencies, including the Pentagon, are operating under a fourth continuing resolution. Even if, by some miracle, a budget agreement is reached today or by next Monday, Congress will still need to pass a fifth CR by next Thurs-day, February 8, because there is no way the appropriators will be able to start and finish their negotiations on a final omnibus in just a few days. So, Mr. Speaker, the bill before us, under a completely closed process, is theater. It is not about our military. It is not about the defense of this coun-try. It is about a sound bite. It is about trying to provide some smoke so the people don’t realize that the Repub-licans who run this government don’t know how to do their job. It is nothing more than face-saving for the most ex-treme Members of the Republican Con-ference. It does nothing that hasn’t been done twice before. It means noth-ing. It is a waste of time. Since the House is really only work-ing 1 day this week—namely, today— then we could have brought up legisla-tion that hasn’t already moved twice through the House but for which action is desperately overdue. We could have brought up the reau-thorization of our community health centers, which help more than 24 mil-lion Americans access essential healthcare. Or how about the reauthor-ization of the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Pro-gram, which helps young families all across this country? The Republican leadership delib-erately chose to let the authorization for each of these critical programs ex-pire in September. They haven’t even lifted a finger since to reauthorize them. We could have easily taken care of their reauthorization today in a cou-ple of hours and sent those bills over to the Senate rather than spending the same amount of time passing the same defense bill for a third time. Mr. Speaker, defense spending and all other Federal programs are in a mess today because the Republicans are in-capable of running the government. It is that simple. Each day it becomes even more clear that the Republican leadership not only can’t govern, they are not even interested in governing. Everything we are doing on this day is going nowhere, and my Republican friends know that. This, again, is about theater. It is not about troops. It is not about our secu-rity. It is about giving them some cover to justify the incompetence that is on display here. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to say to my colleagues on the Republican side that we don’t need lectures from them about America’s national secu-rity. When it comes to forcing their terrible policies on the American peo-ple, they say ‘‘yes, yes, yes’’ to Presi-dent Trump; but when it comes to holding President Trump accountable and protecting American democracy, all they say is ‘‘nyet.’’ Clearly, House Republicans’ desire to protect President Trump has clouded their judgment and caused them to lose sight of what is at stake: the security and integrity of our democracy. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s own CIA Director, our former colleague, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.019 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H693 January 30, 2018 
CIA Director Mike Pompeo, recently admitted that Russia is currently working to undermine the upcoming election and has been doing so for dec-ades. b1245 And, just yesterday, President Trump refused to impose defense and intelligence sanctions on entities pur-chasing Russian military equipment. In July, Congress passed an over-whelmingly bipartisan bill requiring President Trump to impose defense and intelligence sanctions on entities pur-chasing Russian military equipment. His decision, yesterday, to refuse to do so tells us all we need to know about where his loyalties lie. And still, Mr. Speaker, all the other side continues to do, day after day, is assault the rule of law. They have led an all-out assault on our Department of Justice and on our FBI to smear Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s in-vestigation, attempting to tarnish the credibility of our Federal law enforce-ment along the way, and sowing doubt and confusion about the very ability of anyone in law enforcement to conduct an impartial investigation. And let’s not forget that we are not talking about some hypothetical inves-tigation. Here are the facts: The President’s former National Se-curity Advisor has pled guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with the Russian Ambassador. The President’s former foreign policy adviser pled guilty after he lied about his contacts with the Russian Govern-ment. And the President’s former campaign manager has been indicted by a grand jury for, among other things, con-spiracy against the United States of America. Now the Republicans are trying to whip up a controversy out of thin air with a misleading cherry-picked memo written by their own staff, which con-tains significant inaccuracies and omissions that misrepresent the under-lying intelligence. Associate Attorney General Stephen Boyd stated: ‘‘We believe it would be extraor-dinarily reckless for the committee to disclose such information publicly without giving the Department and the FBI the opportunity to review the memorandum and to advise the com-mittee of the risk of harm to national security and to ongoing investigations that could come from public release.’’ ‘‘Indeed, we do not understand why the committee would possibly seek to disclose classified and law enforcement sensitive information without first consulting with the relevant members of the intelligence community.’’ Mr. Speaker, Republicans are doing this in a ridiculous attempt to dis-credit an entire investigation, which has already found a serious effort to at-tack our democracy. This is a deeply, deeply irresponsible attempt to undermine Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation, regardless of the profound damage that it does to our democratic institutions and na-tional security agencies. It is offensive to the Nation, and it is just plain wrong. I would remind my Republican col-leagues that we are here to uphold the rule of law, not the rule of Trump. I understand that, in this Chamber, there are powerful political incentives to circle the wagons amongst my Re-publican friends around this White House, but the truth is the truth, and there is nobody, nobody in this coun-try, including the President of the United States, who should be above the law. Mr. Speaker, I would say to my col-leagues that when we are talking about defending the national security of our country, what has gone on in this Chamber these last few days, in my opinion, is a threat to our national se-curity. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate, as always, the candor of my colleague, Mr. M
CGOVERN . But, I have to say, I am having a hard time understanding why it is, when he is so clearly knowledge-able about the damage that CRs do to the military, we are, today, presenting an opportunity for this entire House to stop that process for this entire House to provide the kind of reliable, secure, sufficient funding that our troops need; yet, I would imagine, many colleagues on the other side of the aisle are going to vote ‘‘no’’ on that. I think it is important, though, to recognize some facts, Mr. Speaker: The first of those is, for all the talk about a budget agreement, it was the leadership on the other side of the aisle that refused to go to a meeting at the White House a couple of months ago and pulled out completely of the talks last year. It was also, with all due respect, Mr. Speaker, the leadership on the other side of the aisle, the Democrat leader-ship, that shut the government down 2 weeks ago. So it is awfully hard, I am sure, to be able to convince constitu-ents back home that they really want to get this job done and get things moving when they continue to stop the process, to gum up the works, and even to shut down the government. Mr. Speaker, I know that every Mem-ber of this body cares deeply about the U.S. troops. And I know that every Member of this body wants what is right for this Nation. But there is a big difference between having the luxury of talking about support for the troops and actually voting for the funds they need to do their job. Talk does not buy equipment; talk does not get our planes back in the air; talk does not provide pay raises for our troops; talk does not provide the kind of protection our servicemen and -women need, the equipment that they need, to do their job; talk does not roll back Russia, or China, or Iran, or North Korea. For that, the Pentagon needs money. The only way that our military will get money is if we appropriate: if we break the cycle of continuing resolu-tions and pass this appropriations bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ), my dear friend and colleague from the Rules Committee. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I ap-preciate all of the work that she does on behalf of our Nation’s military men and women. Mr. Speaker, here we are again. Once again, this House will vote to fully fund our Nation’s military and critical national security programs. I have said this many times before, but I will continue saying it because the point is so very important: the global threat environment facing the United States today is greater than at any time since the conclusion of World War II. North Korea is continuing to build its nuclear weapon program, which poses a direct threat to the United States and our servicemembers sta-tioned abroad. Terrorist groups, like ISIS and al- Qaida, may be weakened in Iraq and Syria, but their influence continues to spread to other areas throughout the Middle East and Africa. The situation in Afghanistan is deep-ly concerning. Look no further than the recent wave of attacks by the Taliban in Kabul. China is continuing to build up its military and exert aggression in the South China Sea. Russia and Putin remain emboldened as they take provocative actions in Ukraine, throughout Eastern Europe, and even in the Pacific. Other countries continue to catch up to our Nation’s capabilities in the space domain. Iran is showing more and more in-volvement in the Middle East and con-tinues to support terrorist groups that threaten our allies, like Israel. Not to even mention the evolving and serious threats posed to the United States by state actors and rogue actors when it comes to cybersecurity. Despite so many real and wide-rang-ing threats, our military has not re-ceived the funding that is necessary to keep up. As the gentlewoman said, we have the smallest Army since before World War II, the smallest Navy since before World War I, and the smallest and old-est Air Force we have ever had. The military does not work like a spigot. You can’t just turn it on when a crisis happens and expect everything to work and all of our servicemembers to be ready. Training takes time, and building equipment takes even more time. We have to prepare now for the crisis of tomorrow. The commandant of the Marine Corps, General Robert Neller, put it best when he said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.021 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH694 January 30, 2018 
‘‘Marines don’t get ready when the crisis occurs.’’ ‘‘The instability of the current fiscal environment, compounded by current shortfalls in our operation and mainte-nance accounts, impact our ability to maintain a ‘ready bench.’’’ Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson also recently stated that: ‘‘We are stretching the force to the limit, and we need to start turning the corner on readiness.’’ I could go on for hours talking about the real challenges facing our military. But, instead of looking back, I want this Congress to look ahead and solve these problems, instead of just contin-ually talking about them. This Defense funding bill includes $659.2 billion in full-year funding for the Department of Defense. That in-cludes increases in military operations and maintenance accounts. That in-cludes a 2.4 percent pay raise for our troops, which would be the largest in 8 years. That includes increased funding for missile defense systems and pro-grams, which is so important, given the threat posed by North Korea. That includes funding for 11 new Navy ships, including three littoral combat ships, which are built, in part, by Austal USA in my district. That in-cludes critical funding for training and readiness operations. That also includes much-needed money for research and development to ensure our military continues to have the most innovative and state-of-the- art equipment at their disposal. All told, this bill would be a land-mark step toward rebuilding our mili-tary, standing up to our adversaries, and supporting the men and women who work every single day to keep the American people safe. Now, I hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle saying that this bill has no chance in the Senate. While I don’t understand why our colleagues and the Senate would not want to fund our military, I have a strong rebuttal to that argument. If the Senate wants to add non-defense programs to this bill or make changes, then they should take this bill up, make whatever changes or ad-ditions that they desire, and send the bill back over to the House. It simply makes no sense to just declare this bill dead and not take a vote on it. I intend to talk to my two home State Senators about passing this bill, and I expect they will be supportive of this effort because they understand the need to fund our Nation’s military. But I reject the notion that we shouldn’t be passing this bill and send-ing it over to the Senate. I am tired of the Senate not acting on our govern-ment funding bills, and I think we should keep sending funding bills over there until they take one up and actu-ally pass it. This ridiculous crisis of funding our government from one crisis to the next must end. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation and, once again, send a military funding bill over to the Senate. Here, in the House, we must continue to fulfill one of our most basic responsibilities outlined in the Constitution: to provide for the common defense. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas). The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. With this funding bill, we can move back toward a position of peace through strength, and we can keep American families safe. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would just respond to my colleague from Wyoming who said that talk will not fund our military, or that talk will not upgrade our military equipment, and I agree. Nobody is ask-ing the other side to talk. We are ask-ing them to do their job. We are asking them to go and sit down with Repub-licans and Democrats and work out a deal on the budget caps. In order to do any of this stuff, we have to know how much we can spend. Before you go shopping, you have to know how much you are going to spend. I know my Republican friends don’t want to take responsibility for what is clearly incompetence, but, the bottom line is, in the Senate, the Senate Ap-propriations Subcommittee on Defense hasn’t even marked up the Defense Ap-propriations bill yet. And the last time I checked, the Republicans controlled the Senate—I wish they didn’t, but the Republicans control the Senate. And as my colleague from Wyoming knows, bills don’t move in the House or the Senate without the Republican leader-ship moving it. So I think it is clear that this Repub-lican-controlled government can’t do its job, and November can’t come soon enough, for me, because I think there needs to be a major change here. We need people in charge who understand that the American people come first, not some rightwing ideology, who un-derstand the meaning that the Amer-ican people comes first means doing your job. Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge that my colleagues vote to defeat the pre-vious question, and I will give a little explanation why. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend, President Trump tweeted that he wants to show that ‘‘Democrats do not want to solve DACA, only use it.’’ Well, I would beg to differ. This is the 19th time that we have attempted to bring the bipartisan bill, H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, for a vote on the House floor, and, if we defeat the previous question, we will bring that bill up. We have made our position clear: we want immigration policies that make America safer, without betraying our core values as a nation. President Trump made his position clear as well. He has tweeted and said, time and time again: ‘‘My standard is very simple: America First and Make America Great Again.’’ Exactly what does he mean by Amer-ica First? According to the conservative Cato Institute, repealing DACA would cost the government over $60 billion and would reduce economic growth by $280 billion over the next decade. That doesn’t sound like an America First policy to me. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act: this bipartisan, bicameral legislation that would help hundreds of thousands of young people, who are American in every way, except on paper. I regret very much that the leader-ship in this House has refused, time and time again, to allow us to debate and deliberate on this issue. We have a bill called the Dream Act. If it was brought to the floor, it would pass overwhelmingly. Every Democrat would support it, and I bet a big chunk of Republicans would support it as well, and we could end this once and for all. b1300 The Republican leadership is so pa-thetically terrified of a narrow, xenophobic, bigoted element of their base that they cannot bring themselves to allow us to even consider such a bill, and I regret that very much. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ONZALEZ ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that we can immediately bring the Dream Act to the floor. I stand before you today with a re-opened government, ready to transform discussion into action. This is the 19th time that we have requested a vote on the Dream Act. Congress did not create this emer-gency. This is a mere negotiation tac-tic brought about by the actions of a single man. The time for tactics is over. Now is the time to put your vote to work and break the deadlock issue. We are a nation of immigrants, refu-gees, and asylum seekers. A great man once said: ‘‘The bosom of America is open to receive not only the opulent and the respected stranger, but the op-pressed and persecuted of all nations and religions, whom we shall welcome to a participation with all our rights and privileges. . . .’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.023 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H695 January 30, 2018 
That man was George Washington, Mr. Speaker, our country’s first Presi-dent. Now let us take a moment to reflect on this and how President Washington saw our country. George Washington would welcome an opulent and re-spected stranger, you know, like folks from Norway. However, we should also welcome the oppressed and the per-secuted of all nations and all religions in the world. Compare George Washington’s words to President Trump’s, who said: ‘‘I do business with the Mexican people, but you have people coming through the border that are from all over. And they are bad. They are really bad. You have people coming in, and I am not just saying Mexicans. I am talking about people who are from all over that are killers and rapists, and they are com-ing into this country.’’ Please, Mr. Speaker, do not let this era be known as the day that America surrendered. Do not let our country go down the path of religious persecution. Do not let our country fall to the dic-tates of convenience. The United States of America sets the tone for the rest of the world. In other words, Mr. Speaker, if we do not help the less fortunate than us, who can we count on? It is not easy to say no, Mr. Speaker. It is easy to surrender. It is a rare oc-casion where an easy choice is the right choice. It is up to us, the leaders of our coun-try, to take the hard path, the path taken by our ancestors. About 800,000 young people living in our country, also known as DREAMers, are facing an uncertain future. Many criticize how DACA was cre-ated, some even criticize the granting of a status quo on immigrants. I say this is un-American. I say to these crit-ics that it is time to become problem solvers for our country. We only have a few days left under the current continuing resolution to pass a bill that provides DACA recipi-ents a pathway to citizenship. We made a promise to the American people and to 800,000 DREAMers who are American in every way except on paper. To all the DREAMers, I want you to know that I stand with you. Today I call on every Member of Con-gress to remember that we are a nation founded by immigrants. I call on you to give these DREAMers a chance. Let’s get it done. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have seen now on display in this debate exactly the prob-lem and, frankly, it is despicable, Mr. Speaker. We are in a situation where our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle are holding hostage funding for our troops over the issue of illegal immi-gration. There is no other way to de-scribe it. There is no other way to—I can’t put it into words. The people who are watching, I am sure, have seen it on the floor right now. If my colleagues feel so strongly about support for the troops, there is a very easy answer. And that answer is to vote for this bill, to vote to support this appropriation, not to try to divert attention, not to try to talk about other issues, not to try to talk about the extent to which we haven’t reached a deal. We have got a bill and we are putting it on the floor. It funds the troops. It ends the damage that has been done by the continuing resolutions. They ought to vote for it, we ought to pass it, and then our colleagues in the Senate should do the same. They cannot, at the same time, say that they support our troops, that they support resources for the troops, and then go through all of these contor-tions trying to explain why it is they are going to vote ‘‘no’’ on this issue. I would also just say, Mr. Speaker, the fact that the United States Senate right now is either incapable or unable of doing its constitutional duty does not absolve us in this House of the obli-gation to do ours, and that is to pro-vide funding and resources for the U.S. military. It is absolutely a broken system. We are in a situation where I would ask my colleagues to think, as they are ar-guing on this floor, debating on this floor today, about the parents of men and women who are deployed, to think about what this debate must sound like to them, to think about trying to ex-plain to them why it is when we have a bill that provides the funding the military needs, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are going to vote ‘‘no’’ because of some budget process, some budget procedure, because of ne-gotiations over DACA, because of any other reason under the sun they can imagine. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill, vote ‘‘yes’’ for this rule, and then we can go on and deal with these other issues. But, Mr. Speaker, none of those other issues will matter. If we fail to do what is right for the military, none of those other issues will matter. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate the people who write the Republican talk-ing points because they keep on trying to change the subject to try to confuse the American people. My colleague knows that this battle is not over the DREAMers, although we all think it is immoral that these young people have been treated so ter-ribly and so cruelly, and we believe that there needs to be a resolution to that. The bottom line is that we need to negotiate budget caps so we know how much we can spend on not only de-fense, but nondefense appropriations so we can keep our government running. This should have been done months ago. So if we really care about our troops, then where is the bipartisan agreement to raise the budget caps so that we know we have a budget deal? Where is this bipartisan agreement? My Republican friends have known that this is the deal for a long time, yet, again, they are tied in knots be-cause they are fighting amongst them-selves. Their rightwing is having a bat-tle with their extreme rightwing; and there is even an extreme, extreme rightwing that not only does not want to raise any nondefense spending budg-et caps, but wants to cut domestic spending. I would say to my colleagues that this is about more than the DREAMers. In fact, this is about community health centers. I mean, people rely on commu-nity health centers all across this country to get their healthcare. We are not dealing with that. This is about funding our veterans. The men and women who serve our country, who we put their lives in harm’s way, shouldn’t we make sure that their budget is funded? I mean, Homeland Security. So, I mean, there is a whole bunch of stuff here, but this is really simple to fix. It requires the Republican leader-ship and this Republican government to do its job. That is all we are asking. Do your job, negotiate a deal for a budget agreement to fund the govern-ment for the rest of the year, then we are done, and we go on to fight other things. But there is an easy way to do this: come up with some numbers, work it out with your leadership, work it out with our leadership, and let’s move that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think that if my col-league on the other side of the aisle spent more time focused on doing his job and less time on telling us to do ours, we would be in a lot better shape. I think the American people deserve to know what is going on in these budget negotiations. What is going on in these budget ne-gotiations, Mr. Speaker, is that the leadership on the other side of the aisle continues to move the goalpost. They enjoy this political fight, this political dance. They enjoy the sense that they can hold us hostage, they can hold the troops hostage. They seem to not have any concern at all about the fact that we are now 30 percent of the way through the fiscal year and our troops have not been funded. So behind closed doors, what is going on is moving the goalpost; it is Lucy and the football. They want to con-tinue playing these games. So I would suggest that my colleague on the other side of the aisle ought to turn his focus and attention on his own leadership and ask them to do their job. In the meantime, Mr. Speaker, we are in a position where we are today considering a bill that will fund the military. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.025 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH696 January 30, 2018 
I applaud my colleague’s efforts to try again and again and again to make the case that he believes in funding the military, he believes we ought to have a full year appropriation, he believes we have got to get out from under the CR, and, therefore, he is going to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. It takes, really, focus and attention and talent to be able to do that, so I applaud that effort, but the reality is the reality, Mr. Speaker. We are in a position today where we have the opportunity to vote to fund the troops, and we ought to do that. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me say again, the Republicans are in charge. I wish we were in the majority. If we created this mess, the Republicans would have every right to criticize us, but we are not in charge. I regret that very much. I think it is not good for the country that we have a Republican House, a Re-publican Senate, and a Republican President, because I think a lot of the priorities of the American people are not being addressed. All the Republican leadership needs to do is get together and do their job and negotiate a deal on the budget caps, and let us approve defense and nondefense spending for the rest of the year and get away from these CRs. It is in their hands. As I said, the Senate Subcommittee on Defense Appropriations hasn’t even had a markup in their committee. I mean, they are controlled by Repub-licans. You can’t blame us for every-thing. Bottom line is you are in charge. When you are in charge, you have to keep the lights on. That is your respon-sibility. Unfortunately, my Republican friends don’t want to do this. I have never, ever, seen this kind of incompetence in our government, ever, in all my years. This has to end. Again, the way it ends is when the Republican leadership decides to negotiate a budg-et agreement with the House and Sen-ate leaders, Republicans and Demo-crats alike. Mr. Speaker, we all believe that we ought to support our military, we ought to make sure we have the best military, second to none. We want to fund that, but we also understand that it is important to fund the Department of Homeland Security, which protects us from terrorist attacks here at home. I am sorry my Republican friends don’t see that as a priority. We also believe we ought to fund vet-erans’ health. I am sorry my Repub-lican friends don’t see that as a pri-ority. We believe in funding community health centers. We believe in making sure that our States have the money to be able to rebuild their aging infra-structures. I am sorry that that is not a priority, but it is to us. The entire budget is a priority to us, and I don’t think it is too much to ask the leadership of this House and the leadership of the Senate to make sure that everything is funded and that the needs of the entire country are met, and not kind of picking one over an-other over another. The other thing I would say is that, if we want to have a talk about na-tional security, we ought to focus on what is happening right here with the Republicans and the House Intelligence Committee playing politics with an in-vestigation into Russia’s attack on our democracy. You ought to be concerned about a President of the United States who doesn’t seem at all worried that the Russians interfered in our election, that according to his own CIA head says they are still trying to interfere in our election, and we can’t even get this President to impose congression-ally mandated sanctions. Is there anything that Russia can do to us that will cause this President to stand up and defend our country or to even say something mildly critical about Vladimir Putin, whom he praises, a man who kills journalists and human rights defenders and polit-ical opponents? Enough. I mean, stop this politicization of the Russia investiga-tion. This should be bipartisan, getting to the bottom of this. Wherever it leads, it leads, but this is serious. You want to talk about a threat to our country, to our homeland, and to our democracy, look at what Russia is doing to us each and every day. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the pre-vious question so that we can bring up the Dream Act so we can actually pro-tect these wonderful people who have been such great members of our com-munity, who have been first respond-ers, who have saved lives in the aftermaths of hurricanes, who serve in our military. We have to stop holding them for ransom. They are not hostages. We ought to stop holding them for ransom for a stupid wall that costs $25 billion. When I think about $25 billion, I can think of a lot of things to do with $25 billion that could help the people of this country rather than building a ri-diculous wall that someone could buy a ladder to climb over or a shovel to dig under. b1315 We have to do better, so vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule, and send a message to the leadership of this House: Get back to work and do your job. You are in charge. It is your job to keep this gov-ernment running. Work out a deal on the budget cap. Fund everything. That is your job. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, some things are com-plicated, but this one isn’t. Our col-leagues, if they are so concerned about the national security of this Nation, there is a very easy thing for them to do, and that is to vote for this Defense Appropriations bill. It is really important for us, as we are having this debate, to remember the facts; and the facts of the budget negotiations are that it was the Demo-crat leadership that walked away from the table and stalled the negotiations. It was the Democrat leadership, Mr. Speaker, that shut down the govern-ment. So the Republicans, right now, un-derstanding and recognizing how cru-cial it is for us to get the Defense De-partment out from under these dam-aging continuing resolutions, to pro-vide them with sufficient, secure fund-ing, reliable funding, we are moving a clean Defense Appropriations bill. Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle can yell all they want about having us do our job, and, Mr. Speaker, I appreciate that. Our job, our most important job, our job that is crucial and sacred above all others, is to pro-vide funding and resources for the mili-tary of this Nation. That is what this bill does. That is why we are, today, presented with an opportunity to do the right thing. With this bill, with a vote in support of this rule, and a vote in support of the underlying bill, we can begin to re-verse the damage of the last 7 years. It is time, Mr. Speaker, to stop with these political games. It is time to stop moving the goalposts. It is time to stop holding defense spending hostage to il-legal immigration issues, holding de-fense spending hostage to increased do-mestic spending. It is time to stop. Our troops are on the front lines fighting and dying for us, and our actions in this body are putting them at greater risk. It is not, Mr. Speaker, as though we can sit here and fail to act, and we are just delaying. Our failure to act is put-ting our men and women in uniform at greater risk. Our failure to act is aid-ing our adversaries. I would urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, frankly, to look in the mirror and to recognize that they are the ones right now who hold the key, as do the Members of the United States Senate, to making sure that we get these resources to our men and women in uniform. I would say, once again, Mr. Speaker, if we fail to do this, if we fail to do our constitutional duty, nothing else we do matters. There are no other individuals in this Nation who are charged the way we are with providing for the common defense, and it is an individual duty and obligation of every single one of us. Mr. Speaker, I would like to call to mind the words spoken by Ronald Reagan 35 years ago. As we engage in the political theater that my colleague on the other side of the aisle men-tioned in this House, it needs to stop, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.026 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H697 January 30, 2018 
and we need to remember what is im-portant. Ronald Reagan said: ‘‘It is up to us in our time to choose, and choose wisely, between the hard but necessary task of preserving peace and freedom, and the temptation to ignore our duty and blindly hope for the best while the en-emies of freedom grow stronger day by day.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is truly up to us. It is an individual obligation on each Mem-ber of this body. Therefore, I urge adoption of both the rule and the Sen-ate amendments to H.R. 695. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 714 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 232, nays 187, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 47] YEAS—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.028 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH698 January 30, 2018 
Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Blumenauer Ca´rdenas Courtney Cummings Curbelo (FL) Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Luetkemeyer McClintock Pearce Tenney 
b1343 Ms. WILSON of Florida, Messrs. GARAMENDI and WELCH changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 045, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 046, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 047. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 183, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 48] AYES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—11 
Blumenauer Ca´rdenas Courtney Cummings Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Luetkemeyer McClintock Pearce Tenney Welch 
b1352 Mr. MARCHANT changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 48. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 47 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 48. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 1098 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 1098, a bill originally introduced by Representative T
IBERI of Ohio, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. 
f 
CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentlewoman from Texas? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.004 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H699 January 30, 2018 
There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 714, I call up the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the Na-tional Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain in-dividuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendments thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amend-ments. Senate amendments: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Protec-tion Improvements Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK-GROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HIS-TORY REVIEW PROGRAM. 
The National Child Protection Act of 1993 (34 U.S.C. 40101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3 (34 U.S.C. 40102)— (A) by striking ‘‘provider’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’; (B) by striking ‘‘provider’s’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’s’’; (C) by amending subsection (a)(3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3)(A) The Attorney General shall establish a program, in accordance with this section, to provide qualified entities located in States that do not have in effect procedures described in paragraph (1), or qualified entities located in States that do not prohibit the use of the pro-gram established under this paragraph, with ac-cess to national criminal history background checks on, and criminal history reviews of, cov-ered individuals. ‘‘(B) A qualified entity described in subpara-graph (A) may submit to the appropriate des-ignated entity a request for a national criminal history background check on, and a criminal history review of, a covered individual. Quali-fied entities making a request under this para-graph shall comply with the guidelines set forth in subsection (b), and with any additional ap-plicable procedures set forth by the Attorney General or by the State in which the entity is lo-cated.’’; (D) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘unsuper-vised’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) that the State, or in a State that does not have in effect procedures described in sub-section (a)(1), the designated entity, ensures that— ‘‘(i) each covered individual who is the subject of a background check under subsection (a) is entitled to obtain a copy of any background check report; ‘‘(ii) each covered individual who is the sub-ject of a background check under subsection (a) is provided a process by which the covered indi-vidual may appeal the results of the background check to challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the background report of the covered individual; and ‘‘(iii)(I) each covered individual described in clause (ii) is given notice of the opportunity to appeal; ‘‘(II) each covered individual described in clause (ii) will receive instructions on how to complete the appeals process if the covered indi-vidual wishes to challenge the accuracy or com-pleteness of the information contained in the background report of the covered individual; and ‘‘(III) the appeals process is completed in a timely manner for each covered individual de-scribed in clause (ii); and ‘‘(B) the State, or in a State that does not have in effect procedures described in subsection (a)(1), the designated entity, may allow for a re-view process— ‘‘(i) through which the State or designated en-tity, as the case may be, may determine that a covered individual who is the subject of a back-ground check under subsection (a) is disquali-fied for a crime specified in subsection (f)(2)(C); and ‘‘(ii) which shall be consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.);’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), by inserting after ‘‘au-thorized agency’’ the following: ‘‘or designated entity, as applicable,’’; and (iv) in paragraph (4), by inserting after ‘‘au-thorized agency’’ the following: ‘‘or designated entity, as applicable,’’; (E) in subsection (d), by inserting after ‘‘offi-cer or employee thereof,’’ the following: ‘‘, nor shall any designated entity nor any officer or employee thereof,’’; (F) by amending subsection (e) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(e) F EES.— ‘‘(1) S
TATE PROGRAM .—In the case of a back-ground check conducted pursuant to a State re-quirement adopted after December 20, 1993, con-ducted with fingerprints on a covered indi-vidual, the fees collected by authorized State agencies and the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion may not exceed the actual cost of the back-ground check conducted with fingerprints. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL PROGRAM .—In the case of a na-tional criminal history background check and criminal history review conducted pursuant to the procedures established pursuant to sub-section (a)(3), the fees collected by a designated entity shall be set at a level that will ensure the recovery of the full costs of providing all such services. The designated entity shall remit the appropriate portion of such fee to the Attorney General, which amount is in accordance with the amount published in the Federal Register to be collected for the provision of a criminal his-tory background check by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ‘‘(3) E
NSURING FEES DO NOT DISCOURAGE VOL -
UNTEERS .—A fee system under this subsection shall be established in a manner that ensures that fees to qualified entities for background checks do not discourage volunteers from par-ticipating in programs to care for children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities. A fee charged to a qualified entity that is not orga-nized under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may not be less than the total sum of the costs of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the designated entity.’’; and (G) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK-
GROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) N
ATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK -
GROUND CHECK .—Upon a designated entity re-ceiving notice of a request submitted by a quali-fied entity pursuant to subsection (a)(3), the designated entity shall forward the request to the Attorney General, who shall, acting through the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, complete a fingerprint-based check of the national criminal history background check sys-tem, and provide the information received in re-sponse to such national criminal history back-ground check to the appropriate designated en-tity. The designated entity may, upon request from a qualified entity, complete a check of a State criminal history database. ‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATED ENTITIES .—The Attorney General shall designate, and enter into an agreement with, one or more entities to make de-terminations described in paragraph (2). The At-torney General may not designate and enter into an agreement with a Federal agency under this subparagraph. ‘‘(B) DETERMINATIONS .—A designated entity shall, upon the receipt of the information de-scribed in paragraph (1), make a determination of fitness described in subsection (b)(4), using the criteria described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) C
RIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW CRITERIA .—A covered individual may be determined to be unfit under subsection (b)(4) if the covered indi-vidual— ‘‘(i) refuses to consent to a criminal back-ground check under this section; ‘‘(ii) knowingly makes a materially false state-ment in connection with a criminal background check under this section; ‘‘(iii) is registered, or is required to be reg-istered, on a State sex offender registry or repos-itory or the National Sex Offender Registry es-tablished under the Adam Walsh Child Protec-tion and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.); ‘‘(iv) has been convicted of a felony consisting of— ‘‘(I) murder, as described in section 1111 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(II) child abuse or neglect; ‘‘(III) a crime against children, including child pornography; ‘‘(IV) spousal abuse; ‘‘(V) a crime involving rape or sexual assault; ‘‘(VI) kidnapping; ‘‘(VII) arson; ‘‘(VIII) physical assault or battery; or ‘‘(IX) a drug-related offense committed during the preceding 5 years; ‘‘(v) has been convicted of a violent mis-demeanor committed as an adult against a child, including— ‘‘(I) child abuse; ‘‘(II) child endangerment; ‘‘(III) sexual assault; or ‘‘(IV) of a misdemeanor involving child por-nography; or ‘‘(vi) in the case of a covered individual who has, seeks to have, or may have access to the el-derly or individuals with disabilities, has been convicted of any criminal offense relating to the abuse, exploitation, or neglect (as those terms are defined in section 2011 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397j)) of an elder or an indi-vidual with disabilities.’’; and (2) in section 5 (34 U.S.C. 40104)— (A) by amending paragraph (9) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(9) the term ‘covered individual’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who has, seeks to have, or may have ac-cess to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, served by a qualified entity; and ‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) is employed by or volunteers with, or seeks to be employed by or volunteer with, a qualified entity; or ‘‘(ii) owns or operates, or seeks to own or op-erate, a qualified entity;’’; (B) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (11), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (11) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(12) the term ‘designated entity’ means an entity designated by the Attorney General under section 3(f)(2)(A).’’. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be fully implemented by not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national crimi-nal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.034 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH700 January 30, 2018 
individuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes.’’. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Ms. Granger moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the title of H.R. 695 and that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the text of H.R. 695 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–56. 
The text of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted by the Senate, insert the following: That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, for military functions ad-ministered by the Department of Defense and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I MILITARY PERSONNEL M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $41,427,054,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for else-where), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $28,707,918,000 (reduced by $2,000,000) (in-creased by $2,000,000). M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $13,165,714,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (ex-cept members of reserve components pro-vided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation ca-dets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the De-partment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $28,738,320,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 3038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while un-dergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $4,721,128,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equiv-alent duty, and expenses authorized by sec-tion 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,987,662,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on ac-tive duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on ac-tive duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with per-forming duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while under-going reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retire-ment Fund, $762,793,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 8038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while un-dergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $1,808,434,000. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $8,252,426,000. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with per-forming duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while under-going training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Depart-ment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $3,406,137,000. TITLE II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $38,483,846,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,600,000) (reduced by $6,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as author-ized by law, $45,980,133,000 (reduced by $598,000) (reduced by $7,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $15,055,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $6,885,884,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $38,592,745,000: Provided, That not to exceed $7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and ex-traordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential mili-tary purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military depart-ments), as authorized by law, $33,771,769,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $100,000) (increased by $100,000) (reduced by $194,897,000) (increased by $194,897,000) (reduced by $26,200,000) (re-duced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $6,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (reduced by $6,250,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $30,000,000) (reduced by $34,734,000) (reduced by $60,000,000): Pro- vided, That not more than $15,000,000 may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.015 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H701 January 30, 2018 
used for the Combatant Commander Initia-tive Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to exceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $38,458,000 shall be made available for the Procurement Tech-nical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $3,600,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D): Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further, That $9,385,000, to remain available until ex-pended, is available only for expenses relat-ing to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance ap-propriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and main-tenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $415,000,000, of which $100,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available to provide support and as-sistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security co-operation programs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and com-munications, $2,870,163,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and com-munications, $1,038,507,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and trans-portation; care of the dead; recruiting; pro-curement of services, supplies, and equip-ment; and communications, $282,337,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; re-pair of facilities and equipment; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; travel and transpor-tation; care of the dead; recruiting; procure-ment of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,233,745,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY N
ATIONAL GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Army National Guard, in-cluding medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the Na-tional Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of sup-plies and equipment (including aircraft), $7,275,820,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Air National Guard, in-cluding medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; sup-plying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for re-pair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those fur-nished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; trav-el expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while in-specting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bu-reau, $6,735,930,000. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  A
RMED FORCES  For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,538,000, of which not to ex-ceed $5,000 may be used for official represen-tation purposes. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $215,809,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appro-priations to which transferred: Provided fur-ther, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appro-priation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Navy, $288,915,000 (increased by $34,734,000) (in-creased by $30,000,000), to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Sec-retary of the Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environ-mental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe build-ings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same pur-poses and for the same time period as the ap-propriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided else-where in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Air Force, $308,749,000 (increased by $30,000,000), to re-main available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are re-quired for environmental restoration, reduc-tion and recycling of hazardous waste, re-moval of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That upon a deter-mination that all or part of the funds trans-ferred from this appropriation are not nec-essary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this ap-propriation: Provided further, That the trans-fer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of Defense, $9,002,000 (increased by $10,000,000), to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environ-mental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe build-ings and debris of the Department of De-fense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of Defense, to be merged with and to be available for the same pur-poses and for the same time period as the ap-propriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided else-where in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY  U
SEDDEFENSE SITES 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $233,673,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH702 January 30, 2018 
Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the De-partment of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other ap-propriations made available to the Depart-ment of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided here-in, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. O
VERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , AND C
IVICAID For expenses relating to the Overseas Hu-manitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid pro-grams of the Department of Defense (con-sisting of the programs provided under sec-tions 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $107,900,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2018. C
OOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  For assistance, including assistance pro-vided by contract or by grants, under pro-grams and activities of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Pro-gram authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $324,600,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NATIONAL  D
EFENSE RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $5,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for pro-grams, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strat-egy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have ap-proved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strat-egy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to im-plement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to operation and maintenance ac-counts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of De-fense. TITLE III PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of air-craft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,456,533,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $2,581,600,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, includ-ing ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary there-for, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and in-stallation of equipment, appliances, and ma-chine tools in public and private plants; re-serve plant and Government and contractor- owned equipment layaway; and other ex-penses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $3,556,175,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,811,808,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and non-tracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor ve-hicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $6,356,044,000 (increased by $30,000,000), to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of air-craft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary there-for, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away, $17,908,270,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and re-lated support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construc-tion prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equip-ment layaway, $3,387,826,000 (increased by $26,200,000), to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $735,651,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. S
HIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY For expenses necessary for the construc-tion, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and ar-mament thereof, plant equipment, appli-ances, and machine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted there-on prior to approval of title, as follows: Ohio Replacement Submarine (AP), $842,853,000; Carrier Replacement Program, $1,869,646,000; Carrier Replacement Program (AP), $2,561,058,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $3,305,315,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $1,920,596,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls, $1,569,669,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), $75,897,000; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H703 January 30, 2018 
DDG–1000 Program, $164,976,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $3,499,079,000; DDG–51 Destroyer (AP), $90,336,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,566,971,000; Expeditionary Sea Base, $635,000,000; LHA Replacement, $1,695,077,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $449,415,000; TAO Fleet Oiler (AP), $75,068,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $390,554,000; Service Craft, $23,994,000; Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship, $76,204,000; LCU 1700, $31,850,000; For outfitting, post delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $542,626,000; and Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Programs, $117,542,000. In all: $21,503,726,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2022: Pro- vided, That additional obligations may be in-curred after September 30, 2022, for engineer-ing services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be con-structed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this Act for production of the com-mon missile compartment of nuclear-pow-ered vessels may be available for multiyear procurement of critical components to sup-port continuous production of such compart-ments only in accordance with the provi-sions of subsection (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328)). O
THER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For procurement, production, and mod-ernization of support equipment and mate-rials not otherwise provided for, Navy ord-nance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests there-in, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away, $7,852,952,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For expenses necessary for the procure-ment, manufacture, and modification of mis-siles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equip-ment, appliances, and machine tools, and in-stallation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; vehi-cles for the Marine Corps, including the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests there-in, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $1,818,846,000 (increased by $20,000,000), to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2020. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; special-ized equipment; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erec-tion of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to ap-proval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $16,553,196,000 (increased by $16,000,000), to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and acces-sories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equip-ment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $2,203,101,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. S
PACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and acces-sories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equip-ment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $3,210,355,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,316,977,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For procurement and modification of equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; lease of passenger motor ve-hicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construc-tion prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $19,318,814,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procure-ment, production, and modification of equip-ment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of struc-tures, and acquisition of land for the fore-going purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $5,239,239,000 (reduced by $10,000,000), to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2020. D
EFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  For activities by the Department of De-fense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4518, 4531, 4532, and 4533), $67,401,000, to remain available until expended. P
ROCUREMENT , NATIONAL DEFENSE  R
ESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $12,622,931,000, for the ‘‘Procurement, Na-tional Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided fur-ther, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed al-location plan for the use of such funds to im-plement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are nec-essary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to procurement ac-counts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act, except for missile defense requirements resulting from urgent or emer-gent operational needs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Depart-ment of Defense. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $9,674,222,000 (increased by $6,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (in-creased by $12,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH704 January 30, 2018 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $17,196,521,000 (increased by $598,000) (increased by $20,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (increased by $24,000,000), to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appro-priated in this paragraph which are available for the V–22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Op-erations Forces. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE  For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $33,874,980,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $6,000,000) (in-creased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $30,000,000) (increased by $30,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $20,698,353,000 (reduced by $16,000,000) (re-duced by $12,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $12,500,000) (increased by $20,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $4,135,000) (increased by $4,135,000) (re-duced by $27,500,000) (increased by $10,000,000), to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the funds made available in this para-graph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid In-novation Program shall only be available for expenses, not otherwise provided for, to in-clude program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept dem-onstration; engineering, testing, and valida-tion; and transition to full-scale production: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program to appropriations for research, development, test and evaluation to accomplish the pur-pose provided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the De-partment of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer. O
PERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , D
EFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evalua-tion, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, pro-duction decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $210,900,000, to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2019. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND EVALUA -
TION, N ATIONAL DEFENSE RESTORATION  F
UND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $1,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Research, Develop-ment, Test and Evaluation, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and ac-tivities necessary to implement the 2018 Na-tional Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed al-location plan for the use of such funds to im-plement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are nec-essary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to research, devel-opment, test and evaluation accounts: Pro- vided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act, except for missile defense require-ments resulting from urgent or emergent operational needs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of De-fense. TITLE V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,586,596,000. TITLE VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $33,931,566,000 (increased by $7,000,000) (in-creased by $1,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (in-creased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000); of which $31,735,923,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019, and of which up to $15,349,700,000 may be avail-able for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $895,328,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2020, shall be for procurement; and of which $1,300,315,000 (increased by $7,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000), to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2019, shall be for research, devel-opment, test and evaluation: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV prevention educational ac-tivities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assistance activities con-ducted primarily in African nations: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $627,100,000 shall be made available to the United States Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congressionally directed med-ical research programs. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  D
ESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provi-sions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chem-ical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $961,732,000, of which $104,237,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $49,401,000 shall be for the Chemical Stock-pile Emergency Preparedness Program, con-sisting of $21,045,000 for activities on mili-tary installations and $28,356,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to assist State and local governments; $18,081,000 shall be for procurement, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $18,081,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emer-gency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments; and $839,414,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation, of which $750,700,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alter-natives program. D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For drug interdiction and counter-drug ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military per-sonnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and main-tenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $854,814,000, of which $532,648,000 shall be for counter-narcotics support; $120,813,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; and $201,353,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug program: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained else-where in this Act. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $336,887,000, of which $334,087,000 shall be for operation and main-tenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and pay-ments may be made on the Inspector Gen-eral’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; and of which $2,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. TITLE VII RELATED AGENCIES C
ENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND For payment to the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H705 January 30, 2018 
Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, $514,000,000. I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  A
CCOUNT  For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $522,100,000. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 8001. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for pub-licity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. S
EC. 8002. During the current fiscal year, provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any per-son not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of De-fense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase au-thorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is com-puted under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in ex-cess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own em-ployees, whichever is higher: Provided fur-ther, That this section shall not apply to De-partment of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplo-matic missions whose pay is set by the De-partment of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limita-tions of this provision shall not apply to for-eign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. S
EC. 8003. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 8004. No more than 20 percent of the appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Of-ficers’ Training Corps. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8005. Upon determination by the Sec-retary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, he may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $4,500,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made avail-able in this Act to the Department of De-fense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropriations or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which trans-ferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which origi-nally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other au-thority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be avail-able to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for re-programming of funds, unless for higher pri-ority items, based on unforeseen military re-quirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided fur-ther, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2017: Provided further, That trans-fers among military personnel appropria-tions shall not be taken into account for pur-poses of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this sec-tion. SEC. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of spe-cific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budg-et activities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the ta-bles titled Explanation of Project Level Ad-justments in the explanatory statement re-garding this Act, the obligation and expendi-ture of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those pro-grams, projects, and activities for which the amounts appropriated exceed the amounts requested are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced ta-bles described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That section 8005 shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appropriation accounts. S
EC. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congres-sional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year en-acted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation both by budget activity and pro-gram, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in sub-section (a) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congres-sional defense committees that such re-programming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Army’’; (2) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Navy’’; (3) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Air Force’’; (4) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Defense- Wide’’ (5) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites’’; and (6) ‘‘Drug Interdiction and Counter-drug Activities, Defense’’. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided further, That transfers may be made between working cap-ital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluc-tuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed trans-fer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appropriated to work-ing capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war re-serve material inventory, unless the Sec-retary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. SEC. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 cal-endar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. S
EC. 8010. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liabil-ity in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the con-gressional defense committees have been no-tified at least 30 days in advance of the pro-posed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quan-tity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s li-ability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear con-tract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifi-cally provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30-day prior notifica-tion to the congressional defense commit-tees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds pro-vided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procure-ment of aircraft, that includes, for any air-craft unit to be procured through the con-tract for which procurement funds are re-quested in that budget request for produc-tion beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor asso-ciated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a fol-low-on contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used, subject to section 2306b of title 10 , United States Code, for multiyear pro-curement contracts as follows: V–22 Osprey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH706 January 30, 2018 
aircraft variants; up to 13 SSN Virginia Class Submarines and Government-furnished equipment; and DDG–51 Arleigh Burke class Flight III guided missile destroyers, the MK 41 Vertical Launching Systems, and associ-ated Government-furnished systems and sub-systems. S
EC. 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic as-sistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code. Such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assist-ance costs incidental to authorized oper-ations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humani-tarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided further, That upon a de-termination by the Secretary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such fa-cilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian pa-tients from American Samoa, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Mi-cronesia, Palau, and Guam. S
EC. 8012. (a) During the current fiscal year, the civilian personnel of the Depart-ment of Defense may not be managed on the basis of any end-strength, and the manage-ment of such personnel during that fiscal year shall not be subject to any constraint or limitation (known as an end-strength) on the number of such personnel who may be employed on the last day of such fiscal year. (b) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all jus-tification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense budget request shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress as if subsections (a) and (b) of this provision were effective with regard to fiscal year 2019. (c) As required by section 1107 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) civilian personnel at the Department of Army Science and Technology Reinven-tion Laboratories may not be managed on the basis of the Table of Distribution and Al-lowances, and the management of the work-force strength shall be done in a manner con-sistent with the budget available with re-spect to such Laboratories. (d) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to apply to military (civilian) techni-cians. S
EC. 8013. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional ac-tion on any legislation or appropriation mat-ters pending before the Congress. S
EC. 8014. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army participating as a full-time student and receiving benefits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Benefits Fund when time spent as a full-time student is credited to-ward completion of a service commitment: Provided, That this section shall not apply to those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Provided fur-ther, That this section applies only to active components of the Army. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8015. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot Mentor-Prote´ge´Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a Mentor-Prote´ge´Program developmental as-sistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the au-thority of this provision or any other trans-fer authority contained in this Act. S
EC. 8016. None of the funds in this Act may be available for the purchase by the De-partment of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manu-factured in the United States: Provided, That for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further, That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the ag-gregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components pro-duced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further, That when adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service re-sponsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. S
EC. 8017. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to de-militarize or destroy small arms ammuni-tion or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for fur-ther use. S
EC. 8018. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Cap-ital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case- by-case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. S
EC. 8019. Of the funds made available in this Act, $20,000,000 shall be available for in-centive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Provided, That a prime contractor or a subcontractor at any tier that makes a sub-contract award to any subcontractor or sup-plier as defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or in-dividuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be consid-ered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under sec-tion 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and involves the expenditure of funds appro-priated by an Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That not- withstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of Defense acquisition of supplies or services, including any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisi-tion of commercial items produced or manu-factured, in whole or in part, by any subcon-tractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small busi-ness owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. SEC. 8020. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international polit-ical or psychological activities. S
EC. 8021. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided, That, upon receipt, such contribu-tions from the Government of Kuwait shall be credited to the appropriations or fund which incurred such obligations. S
EC. 8022. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $43,100,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corpora-tion, of which— (1) $30,800,000 shall be available from ‘‘Op-eration and Maintenance, Air Force’’ to sup-port Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counter-drug activities, and drug demand reduction activi-ties involving youth programs; (2) $10,600,000 shall be available from ‘‘Air-craft Procurement, Air Force’’; and (3) $1,700,000 shall be available from ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’ for vehicle pro-curement. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counter-drug activi-ties in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. S
EC. 8023. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this Act are available to establish a new Department of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administrated by an orga-nization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation con-sisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. (b) No member of a Board of Directors, Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, ex-cept when acting in a technical advisory ca-pacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided, That a member of any such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the de-partment from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Govern-ment grants, for absorption of contract over-runs, or for certain charitable contributions, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H707 January 30, 2018 
not to include employee participation in community service and/or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2018, not more than 6,000 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided, That, of the specific amount referred to pre-viously in this subsection, not more than 1,180 staff years may be funded for the de-fense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the National Intel-ligence Program (NIP) and the Military In-telligence Program (MIP). (e) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2019 budget request, submit a report pre-senting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each de-fense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $210,000,000. S
EC. 8024. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Government-owned facility or property under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Pro- vided, That these procurement restrictions shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of car-bon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of the military de-partment responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided fur-ther, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. 8025. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Serv-ices Committee of the Senate, the Sub-committee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives. S
EC. 8026. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defense- related articles, through competition be-tween Department of Defense depot mainte-nance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency con-cerned, with power of delegation, shall cer-tify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Cir-cular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. S
EC. 8027. (a)(1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a for-eign country which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall re-scind the Secretary’s blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memorandum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursu-ant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain products in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from for-eign entities in fiscal year 2018. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreement Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. SEC. 8028. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of De-fense Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery Account established by section 2921(c)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act of 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall be available until expended for the payments specified by section 2921(c)(2) of that Act. S
EC. 8029. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Or-egon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall convey, at no cost to the Air Force, military housing units under subsection (a) in accord-ance with the request for such units that are submitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walking Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Or-egon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as deter-mined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of Indian tribes for housing units under sub-section (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term Indian tribe means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Sec-retary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 479a–1). S
EC. 8030. During the current fiscal year, appropriations which are available to the De-partment of Defense for operation and main-tenance may be used to purchase items hav-ing an investment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. S
EC. 8031. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place on probation a Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps program in ac-cordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Sen-ior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated Janu-ary 27, 2014. SEC. 8032. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobacco-related products in mili-tary resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local com-munity: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or to-bacco-related products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. S
EC. 8033. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the pur-pose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to cus-tomers of the Department of Defense Work-ing Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fis-cal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for pro-curement. (b) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all jus-tification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and sub-mitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropria-tion contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2019 procure-ment appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. S
EC. 8034. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central In-telligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, ex-cept for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund dur-ing this or any prior or subsequent fiscal year shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any funds appropriated or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and develop-ment acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall re-main available until September 30, 2019. S
EC. 8035. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds made available in this Act and hereafter for the Defense Intel-ligence Agency may be used for the design, development, and deployment of General De-fense Intelligence Program intelligence com-munications and intelligence information systems for the Services, the Unified and Specified Commands, and the component commands. S
EC. 8036. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environ-mental impacts, including training and tech-nical assistance to tribes, related adminis-trative support, the gathering of informa-tion, documenting of environmental damage, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH708 January 30, 2018 
and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. S
EC. 8037. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with the Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of inten-tionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall deter-mine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the per-son should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or prod-ucts purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of De-fense, in expending the appropriation, pur-chase only American-made equipment and products, provided that American-made equipment and products are cost-competi-tive, quality competitive, and available in a timely fashion. S
EC. 8038. (a) Except as provided in sub-sections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the de-partment who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the lim-itations in subsection (a), on a case-by-case basis, if the Secretary determines, and cer-tifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate that the granting of the waiver will re-duce the personnel requirements or the fi-nancial requirements of the department. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency estab-lished to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency estab-lished to improve the effectiveness and effi-ciencies of biometric activities and to inte-grate common biometric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency es-tablished to administer the Air Force Mor-tuary Affairs Program and Mortuary Oper-ations for the Department of Defense and au-thorized Federal entities. S
EC. 8039. (a) None of the funds appro-priated by this Act shall be available to con-vert to contractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of De-fense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a public-private competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organiza-tion plan developed by such activity or func-tion; (2) the Competitive Sourcing Official deter-mines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for per-formance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or func-tion by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— (A) 10 percent of the most efficient organi-zation’s personnel-related costs for perform-ance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an ad-vantage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employer-sponsored health insurance plan available to the work-ers who are to be employed in the perform-ance of that activity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer- sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian em-ployees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b)(1) The Department of Defense, without regard to subsection (a) of this section or subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwith-standing any administrative regulation, re-quirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or in-dustrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list es-tablished pursuant to section 2 of the Javits- Wagner-O’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to perform-ance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other severely handicapped individuals in ac-cordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to perform-ance by a qualified firm under at least 51 per-cent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determina-tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15)). (2) This section shall not apply to depot contracts or contracts for depot mainte-nance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or func-tion of the Department of Defense under the authority provided by this section shall be credited toward any competitive or out-sourcing goal, target, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in compliance with, sub-section (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or out-sourcing of commercial activities. (RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 8040. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency require-ment pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2016/2018, $274,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2016/ 2018, $82,700,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $19,319,000; ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, 2017/2019, $9,764,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $10,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $105,600,000; ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $54,122,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2017/ 2021, $45,116,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/ 2019, $63,293,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/ 2019, $31,639,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $15,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $105,000,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Navy’’, 2017/2018, $34,128,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Air Force’’, 2017/2018, $41,700,000. SEC. 8041. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the author-ized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air Na-tional Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any ad-ministratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military tech-nicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. S
EC. 8042. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that pur-pose. S
EC. 8043. Funds appropriated in this Act for operation and maintenance of the Mili-tary Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the Na-tional Guard and Reserve provide intel-ligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Mili-tary Intelligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. S
EC. 8044. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appro-priations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activi-ties may be transferred to any other depart-ment or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. S
EC. 8045. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domes-tic origin: Provided, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense re-quirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to ac-quire capability for national security pur-poses: Provided further, That this restriction shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commer-cial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the re-striction shall apply to ball or roller bear-ings purchased as end items. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H709 January 30, 2018 
SEC. 8046. None of the funds made available by this Act for Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle service competitive procurements may be used unless the competitive procure-ments are open for award to all certified pro-viders of Evolved Expendable Launch Vehi-cle-class systems: Provided, That the award shall be made to the provider that offers the best value to the government. S
EC. 8047. In addition to the amounts ap-propriated or otherwise made available else-where in this Act, $44,000,000 is hereby appro-priated to the Department of Defense: Pro- vided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organiza-tions and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. S
EC. 8048. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense cer-tifies to the congressional defense commit-tees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national se-curity purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. S
EC. 8049. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision in this Act, the Small Business Inno-vation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program set- asides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the ex-tent they contribute to the extramural budg-et. S
EC. 8050. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a con-tractor under a contract with the Depart-ment of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— (1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8051. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred, to be used in support of such per-sonnel in connection with support and serv-ices for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8052. During the current fiscal year, in the case of an appropriation account of the Department of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of sec-tion 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unex-pended balance, an obligation or an adjust-ment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— (1) the obligation would have been properly chargeable (except as to amount) to the ex-pired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that ac-count; (2) the obligation is not otherwise properly chargeable to any current appropriation ac-count of the Department of Defense; and (3) in the case of an expired account, the obligation is not chargeable to a current ap-propriation of the Department of Defense under the provisions of section 1405(b)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, Public Law 101–510, as amended (31 U.S.C. 1551 note): Provided, That in the case of an expired account, if subse-quent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the account, any charge to a current account under the au-thority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Pro- vided further, That the total amount charged to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. SEC. 8053. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equip-ment of the National Guard Distance Learn-ing Project by any person or entity on a space-available, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall es-tablish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a case-by-case basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associ-ated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. S
EC. 8054. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be obligated to modify command and control relation-ships to give Fleet Forces Command oper-ational and administrative control of United States Navy forces assigned to the Pacific fleet: Provided, That the command and con-trol relationships which existed on October 1, 2004, shall remain in force until a written modification has been proposed to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees: Pro- vided further, That the proposed modification may be implemented 30 days after the notifi-cation unless an objection is received from either the House or Senate Appropriations Committees: Provided further, That any pro-posed modification shall not preclude the ability of the commander of United States Pacific Command to meet operational re-quirements. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8055. Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’, $25,000,000 (in-creased by $10,000,000) shall be for continued implementation and expansion of the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Counsel Program: Provided, That the funds are made available for transfer to the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Depart-ment of the Air Force: Provided further, That funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are transferred: Provided fur-ther, That this transfer authority is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. S
EC. 8056. None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure end-items for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use or in-ventory requirements: Provided, That this re-striction does not apply to end-items used in development, prototyping, and test activi-ties preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That this restriction does not apply to programs fund-ed within the National Intelligence Program: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may waive this restriction on a case- by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. S
EC. 8057. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a case-by-case basis, waive with re-spect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from for-eign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limi-tation with respect to that country would in-validate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate recip-rocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under con-tracts that are entered into before such date if the option prices are adjusted for any rea-son other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). (c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limi-tation regarding construction of public ves-sels, ball and roller bearings, food, and cloth-ing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chapters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. SEC. 8058. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Depart-ment of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. S
EC. 8059. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ for any new start advanced concept technology dem-onstration project or joint capability dem-onstration project may only be obligated 45 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national inter-est to do so. S
EC. 8060. The Secretary of Defense shall continue to provide a classified quarterly re-port to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. S
EC. 8061. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a Reserve who is a member of the National Guard serv-ing on full-time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform duties in support of the ground- based elements of the National Ballistic Mis-sile Defense System. S
EC. 8062. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any non-governmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a center- fire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature designation of ‘‘armor pene-trator’’, ‘‘armor piercing (AP)’’, ‘‘armor piercing incendiary (API)’’, or ‘‘armor-pierc-ing incendiary tracer (API–T)’’, except to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a con-tract that requires the entity to dem-onstrate to the satisfaction of the Depart-ment of Defense that armor piercing projec-tiles are either: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH710 January 30, 2018 
(1) rendered incapable of reuse by the de-militarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pur-suant to a contract with the Department of Defense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pursuant to a License for Perma-nent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. S
EC. 8063. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under sec-tion 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of personal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organi-zation specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, so-cial, or fraternal nonprofit organization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, on a case-by- case basis. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8064. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $66,881,780 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the ac-quisition of real property, construction, per-sonal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further, That contracts en-tered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Pro- vided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the max-imum extent consistent with the national se-curity, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 8065. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— (1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budg-et, including through the creation of a new appropriation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassi-fied P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are appor-tioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are allotted, obligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in section (a) shall be con-strued to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Pro-gram budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is other-wise in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1)–(3). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal re-porting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management proc-esses. Such study shall include a comprehen-sive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed pro-posals defined under subsection (c), the Di-rector of National Intelligence and the Sec-retary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all affected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agencies attesting that the proposed alter-natives will help achieve auditability, im-prove fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifi-cations to the congressional defense and in-telligence committees. SEC. 8066. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, $5,000,000 (increased by $5,000,000) is hereby appropriated to the De-partment of Defense, to remain available for obligation until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, that upon the determination of the Sec-retary of Defense that it shall serve the na-tional interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Founda-tion, Inc., only for the construction and fur-nishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible military beneficiary. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8067. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’, $705,800,000 shall be for the Israeli Coopera-tive Programs: Provided, That of this amount, $92,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter short-range rock-et threats, subject to the U.S.-Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $221,500,000 shall be for the Short Range Bal-listic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, in-cluding cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program, of which $120,000,000 shall be for co-production activities of SRBMD missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for SRBMD, as amended; $205,000,000 shall be for an upper-tier component to the Israeli Mis-sile Defense Architecture, of which $120,000,000 shall be for co-production activi-ties of Arrow 3 Upper Tier missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier, as amend-ed; $105,000,000 shall be for testing of the upper-tier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture in the United States; and $82,300,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including develop-ment of a long range, ground and airborne, detection suite: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this provi-sion is in addition to any other transfer au-thority contained in this Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8068. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, $117,542,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases: Pro- vided, That upon enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropriations in the amounts specified: Provided further, That the amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appro-priations to which transferred to: (1) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: Carrier Re-placement Program $20,000,000; (2) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2008/2018: DDG–51 De-stroyer $19,436,000; (3) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: Littoral Com-bat Ship $6,394,000; (4) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: LHA Replace-ment $14,200,000; (5) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2018: DDG–51 De-stroyer $31,941,000; (6) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2014/2018: Litoral Combat Ship $20,471,000; and (7) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2018: LCAC $5,100,000. SEC. 8069. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. S
EC. 8070. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new pro-gram, project, or activity unless such pro-gram, project, or activity must be under-taken immediately in the interest of na-tional security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. S
EC. 8071. The budget of the President for fiscal year 2018 submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in con-tingency operations for the Military Per-sonnel accounts, the Operation and Mainte-nance accounts, the Procurement accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided, That these documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency oper-ation, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided fur-ther, That these documents shall include es-timated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve component, and estimates of the major weapons systems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further, That these documents shall include budget exhib-its OP–5 and OP–32 (as defined in the Depart-ment of Defense Financial Management Reg-ulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two preceding fiscal years. S
EC. 8072. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile de-fense system. S
EC. 8073. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, to reflect savings due to favorable foreign exchange rates, the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $289,000,000. S
EC. 8074. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of na-tional defense requirements during the non- hurricane season. S
EC. 8075. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H711 January 30, 2018 
foreign intelligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States per-sons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitu-tion as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. S
EC. 8076. (a) None of the funds appro-priated by this Act may be used to transfer research and development, acquisition, or other program authority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. (b) The Army shall retain responsibility for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of un-manned aerial vehicles. S
EC. 8077. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall re-main available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appro-priated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2019. S
EC. 8078. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appro-priations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. S
EC. 8079. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence com-mittees to establish the baseline for applica-tion of reprogramming and transfer authori-ties for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year en-acted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional intelligence committees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the con-gressional intelligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. S
EC. 8080. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to eliminate, re-structure, or realign Army Contracting Com-mand—New Jersey or make disproportionate personnel reductions at any Army Con-tracting Command—New Jersey sites with-out 30-day prior notification to the congres-sional defense committees. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 8081. Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Defense, the following funds are permanently rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts to reflect excess cash balances in the Department of Defense Ac-quisition Workforce Development Fund: From ‘‘Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, Defense’’, $10,000,000. S
EC. 8082. None of the funds made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assist-ance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Sol-diers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1) may be used to support any military training or operation that in-cludes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under sec-tion 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. SEC. 8083. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in ac-cordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the Na-tional Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropria-tions, unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notifi-cation period may be reduced for urgent na-tional security requirements. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a re-programming or transfer of funds in accord-ance with section 102A(d) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that re-sults in a cumulative increase or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congres-sional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be re-duced for urgent national security require-ments. S
EC. 8084. The Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to Congress each year, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress that year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future-years intelligence pro-gram (including associated annexes) reflect-ing the estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in that budget. Any such future-years intelligence program shall cover the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. S
EC. 8085. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence commit-tees’’ means the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8086. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the ap-propriations made in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Navy’’, and ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred by the military department con-cerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8087. Not to exceed $500,000,000 appro-priated by this Act for operation and mainte-nance may be available for the purpose of making remittances and transfer to the De-fense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8088. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary infor-mation. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 8089. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal con-tract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the contractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provi-sion of an existing agreement with an em-ployee or independent contractor that man-dates that the employee or independent con-tractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention. (b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available by this Act may be ex-pended for any Federal contract unless the contractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor’s or sub-contractor’s agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be en-forced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a particular contractor or subcontractor for the purposes of a particular contract or sub-contract if the Secretary or the Deputy Sec-retary personally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national secu-rity interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term selected, and shall state any alternatives considered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to na-tional security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall trans-mit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this sub-section not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH712 January 30, 2018 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8090. From within the funds appro-priated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $115,519,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84: Provided, That for pur-poses of section 1704(b), the facility oper-ations funded are operations of the inte-grated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and sup-porting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility as described by sec-tion 706 of Public Law 110–417: Provided fur-ther, That additional funds may be trans-ferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Pro-gram to the Joint Department of Defense- Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Fa-cility Demonstration Fund upon written no-tification by the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 8091. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8092. Appropriations available to the Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8093. Upon a determination by the Di-rector of National Intelligence that such ac-tion is necessary and in the national inter-est, the Director may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, trans-fer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unfore-seen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are re-quested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2017. S
EC. 8094. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or with-in the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. S
EC. 8095. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprison-ment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this sub-section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 8096. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other for-eign country, or any other foreign entity ex-cept in accordance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). S
EC. 8097. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). S
EC. 8098. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Sec-retary of Defense, or any other official or of-ficer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of under-standing, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any sub-sidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intel-ligence, determines that it is in the vital na-tional security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the con-gressional defense committees that, to the best of the Secretary’s knowledge: (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the trans-fer of lethal military equipment to, and the maintenance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) The armed forces of the Russian Federa-tion have withdrawn from Crimea, other than armed forces present on military bases subject to agreements in force between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of Ukraine; and (3) Agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on which such a waiver is issued by the Sec-retary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. S
EC. 8099. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for the purchase or manufacture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8100. (a) Of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Department of Defense, amounts may be made available, under such regulations as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, to local military commanders ap-pointed by the Secretary, or by an officer or employee designated by the Secretary, to provide at their discretion ex gratia pay-ments in amounts consistent with subsection (d) of this section for damage, personal in-jury, or death that is incident to combat op-erations of the Armed Forces in a foreign country. (b) An ex gratia payment under this sec-tion may be provided only if— (1) the prospective foreign civilian recipi-ent is determined by the local military com-mander to be friendly to the United States; (2) a claim for damages would not be com-pensable under chapter 163 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘For-eign Claims Act’’); and (3) the property damage, personal injury, or death was not caused by action by an enemy. (c) NATURE OF PAYMENTS .—Any payments provided under a program under subsection (a) shall not be considered an admission or acknowledgement of any legal obligation to compensate for any damage, personal injury, or death. (d) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—If the Sec-retary of Defense determines a program under subsection (a) to be appropriate in a particular setting, the amounts of payments, if any, to be provided to civilians determined to have suffered harm incident to combat op-erations of the Armed Forces under the pro-gram should be determined pursuant to regu-lations prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should in-clude such factors as cultural appropriate-ness and prevailing economic conditions. (e) L
EGAL ADVICE .—Local military com-manders shall receive legal advice before making ex gratia payments under this sub-section. The legal advisor, under regulations of the Department of Defense, shall advise on whether an ex gratia payment is proper under this section and applicable Depart-ment of Defense regulations. (f) W
RITTEN RECORD .—A written record of any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense. (g) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. S
EC. 8101. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades or mainte-nance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and non-deployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accord-ance with section 1042 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. S
EC. 8102. The Secretary of Defense shall post grant awards on a public Website in a searchable format. S
EC. 8103. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the perform-ance of a flight demonstration team at a lo-cation outside of the United States: Provided, That this prohibition applies only if a per-formance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was can-celed during the current fiscal year due to insufficient funding. S
EC. 8104. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Se-curity Agency to— (1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to sec-tion 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H713 January 30, 2018 
(2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any elec-tronic communication of a United States person from a provider of electronic commu-nication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978. S
EC. 8105. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. S
EC. 8106. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Fed-eral agency not financed by this Act unless explicity provided for in a Defense Appro-priations Act: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to transfers of funds ex-pressly provided for in Defense Appropria-tions Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supplemental appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense. S
EC. 8107. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated for activities authorized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or ex-pand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals unless the con-gressional defense committees are notified in accordance with the direction contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be used under section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military oper-ation being conducted by United States Spe-cial Operations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may waive the prohibitions in this sec-tion if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by extraordinary cir-cumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the con-gressional defense committees of such waiv-er. S
EC. 8108. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolu-tion (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hos-tilities is clearly indicated by the cir-cumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in con-travention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). S
EC. 8109. None of the funds provided in this Act for the T–AO Fleet Oiler or the Tow-ing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship programs shall be used to award a new contract that pro-vides for the acquisition of the following components unless those components are manufactured in the United States: Auxil-iary equipment (including pumps) for ship-board services; propulsion equipment (in-cluding engines, reduction gears, and propel-lers); shipboard cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes. S
EC. 8110. The amount appropriated in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, Army’’ is hereby reduced by $75,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. S
EC. 8111. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, to reflect savings due to lower than anticipated fuel costs, the total amount appropriated in title II of this Act is hereby reduced by $1,007,267,000. SEC. 8112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of De-fense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or par-ticipants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and De-partment of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (en-closure 3, 14a and 14b). S
EC. 8113. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realign-ment and Closure (BRAC) round. S
EC. 8114. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $289,255,000, to remain available until expended, may be used for any purposes re-lated to the National Defense Reserve Fleet established under section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. 4405): Pro- vided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and ex-penses related to the National Defense Re-serve Fleet. S
EC. 8115. None of the funds made available by this Act for the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System recapitalization pro-gram may be obligated or expended for pre- milestone B activities after March 31, 2018, except for source selection and other activi-ties necessary to enter the engineering and manufacturing development phase. S
EC. 8116. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the clo-sure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8117. Additional readiness funds made available in title II of this Act for ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, and ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be trans-ferred to and merged with any appropriation of the Department of Defense for activities related to the Zika virus in order to provide health support for the full range of military operations and sustain the health of the members of the Armed Forces, civilian em-ployees of the Department of Defense, and their families, to include: research and de-velopment, disease surveillance, vaccine de-velopment, rapid detection, vector controls and surveillance, training, and outbreak re-sponse: Provided, That the authority pro-vided in this section is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority pro-vided in section 8005 of this Act. S
EC. 8118. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to por-nography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national defense, including intelligence activities. S
EC. 8119. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, any transfer of funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act to the Global Engagement Center pursu-ant to section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328) shall be made in accordance with section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as appli-cable. SEC. 8120. No amounts credited or other-wise made available in this or any other Act to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund may be trans-ferred to: (1) the Rapid Prototyping Fund established under section 804(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note); or (2) credited to a military-department spe-cific fund established under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (as amended by section 897 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER FUND)  S
EC. 8121. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act for military personnel pay, including active duty, reserve and Na-tional Guard personnel, $206,400,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to mili-tary personnel accounts: Provided, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. S
EC. 8122. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $235,000,000, for an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds shall only be avail-able to the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Office of Economic Adjustment of the Department of Defense, or for transfer to the Secretary of Education, notwith-standing any other provision of law, to make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, or supplement other Federal funds to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military instal-lations in order to address capacity or facil-ity condition deficiencies at such schools: Provided further, That in making such funds available, the Office of Economic Adjust-ment or the Secretary of Education shall give priority consideration to those military installations with schools having the most serious capacity or facility condition defi-ciencies as determined by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That as a condition of receiving funds under this section a local educational agency or State shall provide a matching share as described in the notice ti-tled ‘‘Department of Defense Program for Construction, Renovation, Repair or Expan-sion of Public Schools Located on Military Installations’’ published by the Department of Defense in the Federal Register on Sep-tember 9, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 55883 et seq.): Pro- vided further, That these provisions apply to funds provided under this section, and to funds previously provided by Congress to construct, renovate, repair, or expand ele-mentary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to address ca-pacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools to the extent such funds remain unobligated on the date of enactment of this section. S
EC. 8123. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the changes to the Joint Travel Regulations of the Department of Defense described in the memorandum of the Per Diem Travel and Transportation Allowance Committee titled ‘‘UTD/CTD for MAP 118–13/CAP 118–13 - Flat Rate Per Diem for Long Term TDY’’ and dated October 1, 2014. S
EC. 8124. In carrying out the program de-scribed in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/ Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to im-plement such memorandum, the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH714 January 30, 2018 
Defense shall apply such policy and guid-ance, except that— (1) the limitation on periods regarding em-bryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (2) the term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ shall include embryo cryopreservation and storage without limita-tion on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. TITLE IX OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/ GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM MILITARY PERSONNEL M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Army’’, $2,635,317,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Navy’’, $377,857,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $103,800,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Air Force’’, $912,779,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Army’’, $24,942,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Navy’’, $9,091,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $2,328,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Air Force’’, $20,569,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Army’’, $184,589,000: Pro-vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $5,004,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NATIONAL DEFENSE  R
ESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $1,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Military Personnel, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Pro- vided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to imple-ment the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congres-sional defense committees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Pro- vided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such in-vestments are necessary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense may transfer these funds only to military personnel accounts: Pro- vided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $16,126,403,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $5,875,015,000, of which up to $161,885,000 may be transferred to the Coast Guard ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ ac-count: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,116,640,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $10,266,295,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, $6,944,201,000: Provided, That of the funds pro-vided under this heading, not to exceed $900,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, shall be for payments to re-imburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, in-cluding access, provided to United States military and stability operations in Afghani-stan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further, That such reimbursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may determine, based on documentation de-termined by the Secretary of Defense to ade-quately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclu-sive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notifi-cation to the appropriate congressional com-mittees: Provided further, That funds pro-vided under this heading may be used for the purpose of providing specialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a non-reimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and stability operations in Afghani-stan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and 15 days following notifi-cation to the appropriate congressional com-mittees: Provided further, That funds pro-vided under this heading may be used to sup-port the Government of Jordan, in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may de-termine, to enhance the ability of the armed forces of Jordan to increase or sustain secu-rity along its borders, upon 15 days prior written notification to the congressional de-fense committees outlining the amounts in-tended to be provided and the nature of the expenses incurred: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $750,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available to pro-vide support and assistance to foreign secu-rity forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support, or facilitate counterter-rorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $24,699,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $23,980,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H715 January 30, 2018 
the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve’’, $3,367,000: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $58,523,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY N
ATIONAL GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $108,111,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $15,400,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NATIONAL  D
EFENSE RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $2,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for pro-grams, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strat-egy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have ap-proved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strat-egy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to im-plement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to operation and maintenance ac-counts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of De-fense: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND For the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, $4,937,515,000 (reduced by $12,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Commander, Combined Secu-rity Transition Command—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s designee, to provide assist-ance, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to the security forces of Afghani-stan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, facility and in-frastructure repair, renovation, construc-tion, and funding: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may obligate and ex-pend funds made available to the Depart-ment of Defense in this title for additional costs associated with existing projects pre-viously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further, That such costs shall be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate adjustments, and other nec-essary contract actions to complete existing projects, and associated supervision and ad-ministration costs and costs for design dur-ing construction: Provided further, That the Secretary may not use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further, That the Secretary shall no-tify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the con-gressional defense committees: Provided fur-ther, That the authority to provide assist-ance under this heading is in addition to any other authority to provide assistance to for-eign nations: Provided further, That contribu-tions of funds for the purposes provided here-in from any person, foreign government, or international organization may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until ex-pended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the ob-ligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contributions: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obliga-tion: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional de-fense committees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget sub-activity groups in excess of $20,000,000: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds pro-vided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan or transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional de-fense committees: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruit-ment and training of female security per-sonnel: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. C OUNTER -ISIL T RAIN AND EQUIP FUND For the ‘‘Counter-Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant Train and Equip Fund’’, $1,769,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including train-ing; equipment; logistics support, supplies, and services; stipends; infrastructure repair and renovation; and sustainment, to foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and their affiliated or associated groups: Provided fur-ther, That these funds may be used in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may de-termine to enhance the border security of nations adjacent to conflict areas including Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, and Tunisia result-ing from actions of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available to provide assistance only for activities in a country designated by the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and following written notifi-cation to the congressional defense commit-tees of such designation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to ele-ments of any forces or individuals, such ele-ments or individuals are appropriately vet-ted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Govern-ment of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, includ-ing assistance in-kind, from foreign govern-ments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out assistance au-thorized under this heading: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign govern-ment or other entity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary deter-mines that such provision of law would pro-hibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is sub-mitted to the congressional defense commit-tees, the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Pro- vided further, That the United States may ac-cept equipment procured using funds pro-vided under this heading, or under the head-ing, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, that was transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant and returned by such forces or groups to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional de-fense committees: Provided further, That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH716 January 30, 2018 
equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, and not yet transferred to security forces, ir-regular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant may be treated as stocks of the Depart-ment of Defense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for trans-fer to such forces or groups and upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide quarterly re-ports to the congressional defense commit-tees on the use of funds provided under this heading, including, but not limited to, the number of individuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment pro-vided to each group or individual, the area of operations for each group, and the contribu-tions of other countries, groups, or individ-uals: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/ Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, $424,686,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Army’’, $557,583,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehi-cles, Army’’, $1,191,139,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Army’’, $193,436,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Army’’, $405,575,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, $157,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. WEAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, $130,994,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $223,843,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Navy’’, $207,984,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Marine Corps’’, $64,071,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, $510,836,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $381,700,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
PACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Space Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $2,256,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $501,509,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $3,998,887,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Defense-Wide’’, $510,741,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  A
CCOUNT  For procurement of rotary-wing aircraft; combat, tactical and support vehicles; other weapons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,000,000,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense commit-tees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Re-serve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this para-graph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, munitions, or ammunition: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , NATIONAL DEFENSE  R
ESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $6,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Procurement, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed al-location plan for the use of such funds to im-plement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are nec-essary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to procurement ac-counts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of De-fense: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H717 January 30, 2018 
$119,368,000 (increased by $6,000,000), to re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $124,865,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $144,508,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense- Wide’’, $226,096,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND EVALUA -
TION, N ATIONAL DEFENSE RESTORATION  F
UND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $1,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Research, Develop-ment, Test and Evaluation, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and ac-tivities necessary to implement the 2018 Na-tional Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed al-location plan for the use of such funds to im-plement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are nec-essary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to research, devel-opment, test and evaluation accounts: Pro- vided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Working Capital Funds’’, $148,956,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $395,805,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Inter-diction and Counter-Drug Activities, De-fense’’, $196,300,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. J
OINT IMPROVISED -THREAT DEFEAT FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the ‘‘Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Fund’’, $483,058,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Direc-tor of the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization to investigate, develop and pro-vide equipment, supplies, services, training, facilities, personnel and funds to assist United States forces in the defeat of impro-vised explosive devices: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds provided herein to appropriations for military personnel; operation and mainte-nance; procurement; research, development, test and evaluation; and defense working capital funds to accomplish the purpose pro-vided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Depart-ment of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 5 days prior to making transfers from this ap-propriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Inspector General’’, $24,692,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE S
EC. 9001. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds made available in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Depart-ment of Defense for fiscal year 2018. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9002. Upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $2,500,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided, That the Sec-retary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the author-ity in this section: Provided further, That the authority provided in this section is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority avail-able to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. SEC. 9003. Supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construc-tion associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for op-eration and maintenance or the ‘‘Afghani-stan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of over-seas contingency operations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Provided, That, for the purpose of this section, supervision and ad-ministration costs and costs for design dur-ing construction include all in-house Govern-ment costs. S
EC. 9004. From funds made available in this title, the Secretary of Defense may pur-chase for use by military and civilian em-ployees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of re-sponsibility: (1) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (2) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. S
EC. 9005. Not to exceed $5,000,000 of the amounts appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to fund the Com-manders’ Emergency Response Program (CERP), for the purpose of enabling military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, small-scale, humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility: Provided, That each project (including any ancillary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not ex-ceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after the end of each 6 months of the fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds during that 6-month period that were made available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year quar-ter, the Army shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees quarterly com-mitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP in Afghanistan: Provided fur-ther, That, not less than 15 days before mak-ing funds available pursuant to the author-ity provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes de-scribed herein for a project with a total an-ticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a written no-tice containing each of the following: (1) The location, nature and purpose of the proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military cam-paign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. (2) The budget, implementation timeline with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH718 January 30, 2018 
funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. (3) A plan for the sustainment of the pro-posed project, including the agreement with either the host nation, a non-Department of Defense agency of the United States Govern-ment or a third-party contributor to finance the sustainment of the activities and main-tenance of any equipment or facilities to be provided through the proposed project. S
EC. 9006. Funds available to the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to provide supplies, services, transportation, including airlift and sealift, and other logistical support to allied forces participating in a combined op-eration with the armed forces of the United States and coalition forces supporting mili-tary and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees re-garding support provided under this section. S
EC. 9007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: (1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq. (3) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. S
EC. 9008. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Na-tions Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Re-form and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of Public Law 105–277; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Depart-ment of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–148). S
EC. 9009. None of the funds provided for the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the ap-proval of a financial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the Department of Defense: Pro- vided, That the AROC must approve the re-quirement and acquisition plan for any serv-ice requirements in excess of $50,000,000 an-nually and any non-standard equipment re-quirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further, That the Department of Defense must certify to the congressional defense committees that the AROC has con-vened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the preceding proviso and accompanying report language for the ASFF. S
EC. 9010. Funds made available in this title to the Department of Defense for oper-ation and maintenance may be used to pur-chase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided, That, upon determination by the Secretary of De-fense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Com-mander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. SEC. 9011. Up to $500,000,000 of funds appro-priated by this Act for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency in ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’ may be used to pro-vide assistance to the Government of Jordan to support the armed forces of Jordan and to enhance security along its borders. S
EC. 9012. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to pro-cure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. S
EC. 9013. For the ‘‘Ukraine Security As-sistance Initiative’’, $150,000,000 is hereby ap-propriated, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including train-ing; equipment; lethal weapons of a defensive nature; logistics support, supplies and serv-ices; sustainment; and intelligence support to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, and for replacement of any weap-ons or defensive articles provided to the Gov-ernment of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under this heading, notify the congressional de-fense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was trans-ferred to the security forces of Ukraine and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the military or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written no-tification to the congressional defense com-mittees: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 9014. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for replacement of funds for items provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States to the extent specifically provided for in section 9013 of this Act. S
EC. 9015. None of the funds made available by this Act under section 9013 for ‘‘Assist-ance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’ may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. S
EC. 9016. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’ for payments under section 1233 of Public Law 110–181 for reim-bursement to the Government of Pakistan may be made available unless the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Government of Pakistan is— (1) cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar e-Tayyiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist or-ganizations, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neigh-boring countries; (2) not supporting terrorist activities against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and in-telligence agencies are not intervening extra-judicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; (3) dismantling improvised explosive device (IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; (4) preventing the proliferation of nuclear- related material and expertise; (5) implementing policies to protect judi-cial independence and due process of law; (6) issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors engaged in counterter-rorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and (7) providing humanitarian organizations access to detainees, internally displaced per-sons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. (b) The Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a case-by- case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national security interest to do so: Provided, That if the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, ex-ercises such waiver authority, the Secre-taries shall report to the congressional de-fense committees on both the justification for the waiver and on the requirements of this section that the Government of Paki-stan was not able to meet: Provided further, That such report may be submitted in classi-fied form if necessary. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9017. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act, $500,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the operation and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to im-prove the intelligence, surveillance, and re-connaissance capabilities of the Department of Defense: Provided, That the transfer au-thority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That not later than 30 days prior to exercising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a re-port to the congressional defense commit-tees on the proposed uses of these funds: Pro- vided further, That the funds provided in this section may not be transferred to any pro-gram, project, or activity specifically lim-ited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the authority to provide funding under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2018. S
EC. 9018. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent in-volvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian terri-tory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congres-sional consultation and reporting require-ments of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 9019. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H719 January 30, 2018 
the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $25,100,000; ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, 2017/ 2018, $100,000,000; and ‘‘Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund’’, 2017/2018, $112,513,000. ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide, DSCA Coalition Support Fund’’, 2017/ 2018, $350,000,000. S
EC. 9020. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designa-tions to the Congress. S
EC. 9021. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the United States strategy to defeat Al- Qaeda, the Taliban, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), and their associated forces and co-belligerents. (b) The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of the adequacy of the ex-isting legal framework to accomplish the strategy described in subsection (a), particu-larly with respect to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) and the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolu-tion of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). (2) An analysis of the budgetary resources necessary to accomplish the strategy de-scribed in subsection (a). (c) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall tes-tify at any hearing held by any of the appro-priate congressional committees on the re-port and to which the Secretary is invited. (d) In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. S
EC. 9022. (a) In addition to amounts pro-vided elsewhere in this Act, there is hereby appropriated $1,184,112,000, for the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts for costs associated with Operation Freedom’s Sentinel: (1) ‘‘Military Personnel, Army’’, $48,377,000; (2) ‘‘Military Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $179,000; (3) ‘‘Military Personnel, Air Force’’, $1,340,000; (4) ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $872,491,000; (5) ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $76,274,000; (6) ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $24,734,000; (7) ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, $81,164,000; (8) ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $10,853,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; (9) ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, $31,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; and (10) ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $37,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. (b) Amounts provided pursuant to this sec-tion are hereby designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE X—ADDITIONAL GENERAL PROVISIONS REFERENCES TO REPORT  S
EC. 10001. Any reference to a ‘‘report ac-companying this Act’’ contained in this Act shall be treated as a reference to House Re-port 115–219. Such report shall apply for pur-poses of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this Act. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 10002. $0. S
EC. 10003. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under the head-ing ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ may be used to procure uniforms for the Af-ghan National Army. S
EC. 10004. None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used for the closure of a biosafety level 4 laboratory. S
EC. 10005. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. S
EC. 10006. None of the finds made avail-able by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water from Iran. S
EC. 10007. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to plan for, begin, continue, complete, process, or approve a public-private competition under the Office of Management and Budget Circular A-76. S
EC. 10008. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, with respect to the revised se-curity category (as that term is defined in section 250(c)(4)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985), any sequestration order issued under such Act for fiscal year 2018 shall have no force or effect. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 714, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. G
RANGER ) and the gentleman from In-diana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, once again, I stand be-fore you today to ask for your support to pass the fiscal year 2018 Defense Ap-propriations bill. It is past time that this essential, must-pass funding bill for our military be enacted into law. Congress must act responsibly and do its job to quickly get these dollars out the door and where they are needed as soon as possible. The legislation before you provides $659 billion for defense, more than $60 billion above last year’s levels. When combined with the almost $5 billion al-ready enacted into law in December, this bill matches the top-line funding level in the final National Defense Au-thorization Act enacted into law. All Federal dollars are not the same. We need to provide and prioritize na-tional security after years of neglect and an increasingly dangerous inter-national situation. Nor can we continue to hold our troops hostage as leverage for unre-lated issues. We are almost 4 months into fiscal year 2018, and our troops still don’t have their funding. It is time that the Congress fulfill its responsi-bility to fund our troops at the levels needed. It is time to lift the budget caps and enact a full-year Defense Appropria-tions Act so that our military can begin to rebuild. This bill does that by lifting the budget caps on defense and fully funding the Department at the top line already approved by the Con-gress in the National Defense Author-ization Act. It takes care of our troops by pro-viding additional manpower and fully funding a 2.4 percent pay raise, and it provides additional funding for key readiness programs and robustly funds maintenance of equipment and facili-ties. The bill includes specific investments in several areas, such as air superi-ority, $4.3 billion above request; ship-building, $1.6 billion above request; re-search and development, $10 billion above 2017; defense health, an addi-tional $644 million for medical re-search; and grants forces fully equipped. The bill also provides additional re-sources in a National Defense Restora-tion Fund in the amount of $28.6 billion to allow Secretary Mattis to begin in-vesting in the new defense strategy now instead of waiting a full year. b1400 This bill gives our military leaders the sufficient, sustainable, and stable funding they have told us, over and over again, that they need. The House has done its job more than once to fund our troops at the levels they need only to have the Senate fail to act. Congress must step up and ful-fill its most fundamental constitu-tional responsibility, which is to en-sure that our troops have what they need to defend our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. (Mr. VISCLOSKY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I first want to start by associating myself with the remarks of my chairwoman and suggest to this body that it is time for Congress to begin to govern and run the day-to-day operation of the Gov-ernment of the United States in a timely fashion. Mr. Speaker, this is the third iteration of the fiscal year 2018 Defense Appropriations Act that has been brought to the floor. I, for one, have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.011 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH720 January 30, 2018 
nothing more to say about the merits of this legislation that would not be re-dundant. However, I do want to reit-erate my profound respect for the ex-ceptional work that has been put into this legislation, time and time again, by Chairwoman G
RANGER , all of the members of our subcommittee, and our superlative staff. Today, January 30, 2018, Congress is 122 days late. We are 122 days past the start of the current fiscal year and 122 days past the time that the legislation we are considering today for the third time should have been completed, conferenced, and signed into law. Mr. Speaker, we have a number prob-lem. As an appropriator, I ask for a number to craft a bill that, by law, does not violate the Budget Control Act. We need a number so that Chair-woman G
RANGER , our subcommittee members, and I can make decisions on how best to move forward so our mili-tary leaders are not hindered and forced to comply with the constraints of continuing resolutions. As an appro-priator, all I want is a number. Give us a number, and we will finish our work for this fiscal year and give the cer-tainty that has been repeatedly asked for by the Department of Defense and our 17 intelligence agencies. Unfortunately, operating under the fourth continuing resolution and pass-ing essentially the same Defense Ap-propriations measure for a third time does nothing—nothing—to solve the number problem, nor does it remedy the slight inconvenience that this bill exceeds the Budget Control Act by $35 billion. Today’s legislation does recognize this inconvenience by obviating se-questration. I guess that is what passes as budget control in these days in this Congress. Some may say that we must pass this bill today to support our men and women in uniform. I would respond by saying that today’s 60 minutes of the-ater continues to avoid meaningfully addressing the needs of our troops. If we were serious about that, we would have solved our number problem and allowed the chair and ranking member of the full committee, and the sub-committee chairs and ranking mem-bers of all 12 committees, to negotiate a realistic budget figure last summer so that we could have completed our bill last September. That would be helping our troops. I would also add that if we don’t agree to an overall domestic discre-tionary number, then we will continue to disinvest in the true security of this Nation—our people. We need a domestic number so we can make decisions and give direction to all Federal agencies so they can plan on how to best invest in our national economy, jobs, and the health and prosperity of our people. The Inter-national Trade Commission needs di-rection so they can fully enforce our trade laws. Customs and Border Pro-tection needs direction. This govern-ment needs timely decisions and cer-tainty. According to the Department of De-fense, 71 percent of people aged 17 to 24 years of age in the United States would fail to qualify for military enlistment because of physical or mental health issues, low educational scores, or major criminal convictions. General Joseph Dunford, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has testified that the strength of the United States military is a direct reflection of the strength of U.S. society. I would propose that improving the strength of our country is not just a ro-bust defense number that I desperately want. We need a robust domestic num-ber that allows for the critical invest-ments necessary for the success of our economy, the creation of jobs, and for the people of this country. Our number problem is solvable. Give us a negotiated budget number so we can stop wasting everybody’s time and the money of the American taxpayers. Then we can truly start supporting the strength of our national security, our troops, and our national economy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ), who is the chairman of the full committee. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman from Texas for her time and for her leadership on na-tional security and intelligence issues. Indeed, I would like to thank all mem-bers of the subcommittee—Republican and Democrat—and the staff for their hard work to assure defense and intel-ligence funding and also for their work on a variety of continuing resolutions that relate to the same. Mr. Speaker, I rise, once again, to support this Defense Appropriations bill just as I did in July and again in September. I visited our troops in Iraq twice last year in addition to official trips to north Africa and Southeast Asia. My goal is always to assess U.S. posture in those regions militarily and diplomati-cally. I can tell you, from those experi-ences, our Nation’s competitive mili-tary advantage is badly eroding, and our allies, partners, and adversaries know it. So how have we responded? The re-ality is: not well enough. In fact, we have pushed our military towards its breaking point. Instead of upgrading our hardware, we have allowed our equipment to age. Instead of arming our troops for tomorrow’s fight, we have let them become seriously under- equipped. Instead of rightsizing our Armed Forces, we have reduced their size. Mr. Speaker, we ask a great deal of our men and women in uniform. We ask them to leave their families to com-plete difficult training. We ask them to move from duty station to duty station without complaint. We ask them to tolerate long deployments far from home. We ask them to carry out dan-gerous missions in dangerous corners of the world. We ask them to reenlist with their families to preserve the strength of our Armed Forces. Every passing day of reduced mili-tary funding levels creates an ever-in-creasing risk for our men and women on the front lines. We should not ask them to continue to do more with less. This full-year Defense Appropriations bill needs to be enacted now, and may I say the other 11 appropriations bills as well. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), who is the ranking member on the full com-mittee. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to say a few words about the retirement of my chairman, R
ODNEY  F
RELINGHUYSEN . Chairman F RELING -
HUYSEN has carried out his responsibil-ities with fairness and earnestness, and it has been such a pleasure to serve as ranking member during his chairman-ship. I look forward, however, to working together for the remainder of this year on our shared goal: bipartisan and re-sponsible full-year funding for all dis-cretionary investments. Today, we are considering the FY 2018 Defense Appropriations bill for the third time, a time-wasting consequence of an agreement between the Speaker and rightwing Republicans—the third time. Last week, Republican leadership kicked the can down the road and passed yet another continuing resolu-tion delaying investments in our mili-tary, education, infrastructure, bio-medical research, and so much more. Yet again, the bill before us removes Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEE’s amend-ment to debate a new Authorization for Use of Military Force which received bipartisan support in the Appropria-tions Committee markup. This un-democratic maneuver, which the ma-jority has repeated once again, is out-rageous. In addition to the many procedural inequities, the majority’s effort to in-crease defense spending is a mirage be-cause the bill would turn off sequestra-tion for defense in FY18, allowing Re-publicans to violate the spirit of our budget laws and increase defense spending while ignoring other invest-ments that grow our economy, create jobs, and further provide for our secu-rity. This is hardly about fiscal responsi-bility. If it were, the majority would eliminate the seven slush funds in this bill that equals $28.6 billion for a de-partment that would receive far more than it requested. Four months into the fiscal year, the Federal Government is irresponsibly operating on the fourth continuing res-olution. We do not have an agreement on top-line spending numbers, let alone an omnibus spending package ready when the current CR runs out next week on February 8. So, my friends, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.038 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H721 January 30, 2018 
this is not the time to pat ourselves on the back for a job well done. On the contrary, we should be settling down and working together to pass spending bills for FY18. If the majority were serious about funding our military, then they would move forward toward a full-year, bipar-tisan omnibus that could pass both Chambers. Instead, they continue to show their inability to govern by lead-ing us down a path that will require an-other CR that is detrimental to our men and women in uniform. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), who is the chair-man of the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this fiscal year 2018 DOD Appropria-tions bill. Although I am proud to sup-port this critical legislation, I will say that I am disappointed to be here, yet again, speaking in support of the DOD Appropriations bill as we, again, seek its passage in the House. Despite Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN ’s Herculean efforts to complete all 12 bills on time and passing several pack-ages that included the Defense bill, the Senate refuses to act. We recently saw the effects of this when the govern-ment shutdown put great stress on the backs of our servicemembers and their families. Mr. Speaker, it is time that we push aside partisanship and do what is right for the country and for our national se-curity by passing this bill. While it cer-tainly represents the outcome of many hard choices, it prioritizes funding where our troops need it most. It wise-ly invests in readiness, training, main-tenance, and procurement of new equipment and technology to ensure that our troops are prepared for the tasks before them. I am pleased that this bill takes care of our troops and their families at home by granting them a long-awaited 2.4 percent pay raise. Our Nation has been at war for nearly two decades, and our servicemembers have put their lives on the line to ensure that we can live our way of life. This raise rep-resents just one small way for us to honor their service. Mr. Speaker, they say that the third time is the charm, and I hope this holds true here. After the House passes the bill, I urge the Senate to do so as well so that the President can sign this bill into law. According to the Con-stitution, it is the Congress’ responsi-bility to provide for our common de-fense. This bill does just that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), who is the ranking member on the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee and a member of the Defense Subcommittee. b1415 Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, here we are again. For 4 months, the Fed-eral Government has been operating under a series of short-term continuing resolutions. And as we approach yet another deadline to fund the govern-ment next week, the Republican major-ity is spending time on the floor today voting a third time on a Defense Ap-propriations bill that they know will not pass in the Senate. The most basic, fundamental respon-sibility of Congress is to provide ade-quate and timely funding for the entire Federal Government, both our national defense and our domestic priorities, for a full fiscal year. The fact that this bill is on the floor for a third time high-lights the absolute failure of the Re-publican majority to advance a respon-sible budget process. Mr. Speaker, voting on the same bill three times is the very definition of playing political games. The American people deserve better than this con-tinuing Republican chaos. Democrats and Republicans agree. We agree that defense spending is vi-tally important, but so is funding edu-cation, transportation, healthcare, and all the other Federal programs that all Americans and our military—their families, included—depend upon. If anyone doubts the harmful impacts of the endless stopgap spending bills, perhaps they should listen to our Sec-retary of Defense: ‘‘For too long, we have asked our military to stoically carry a ‘success at any cost’ attitude as they work tirelessly to accomplish the mission with now inadequate and mis-aligned resources, simply because the Congress could not maintain regular order.’’ If Republicans are serious about sup-porting our military, they should heed the Secretary’s warning and work with Democrats on a bipartisan budget agreement to fund the entire govern-ment for the rest of the year. I have been ready. Democrats have been ready for months to work across the aisle to advance this process. It is long past time that Republicans join us. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure to fund the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018. Today marks the 122nd day that our military has gone without funding for FY 2018. Like the rest of the Federal Government, it has been forced to oper-ate under a CR for the past 4 months. Secretary of Defense James Mattis ex-plained the impacts of operating under a CR, particularly those related to readiness and maintenance. They in-clude a scaled-back training exercise across the services, the delayed intro-duction of 11 ships by the United States Navy, the postponement of all noncritical maintenance work orders by the Army, the curtailment of hiring and recruitment, rising acquisition costs from severed contracts, and re-negotiated terms due to the CR. A CR means no new starts, and im-pacts to current readiness and future plans are disastrous. This must stop. Today’s passage of this bill marks, as was pointed out, the third time we have passed the FY 2018 Defense Appro-priations bill in some form. Let’s hope the third time is the charm. I commend Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN  and Chairwoman G
RANGER on their tireless persistence and relentless de-termination on behalf of the U.S. serv-icemembers. The bill provides robust funding for shipbuilding, aviation, combat vehicles, and more. It invests in our greatest assets, the men and women who wear the uniform, through increased funds for training, equip-ment, and the best healthcare. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I implore the Senate to act. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), the ranking member on the Subcommittee on En-ergy and Water Development, and Re-lated Agencies, and also a member of the Subcommittee on Defense. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, Ground-hog Day isn’t until Friday, but here we are again, voting for the third time in 7 months on a Defense bill that will go in the hole—nowhere. We are 9 days out from the threat of another shut-down and 4 months into the fiscal year of 2018, which started last October 1, yet we still have no budget framework from our Republican friends and their so-called leadership, nothing to direct appropriators on what numbers from which to negotiate funding for the en-tirety of the government—not just De-fense, not just this account. Instead, Republican leadership wastes important, precious time to de-bate a bill that has already passed this Chamber twice before. Meanwhile, our Republican colleagues force the entire government to run on autopilot for over a third of the fiscal year and trumpet their claim that only they prioritize the military. How can anyone take this seriously? Republicans have provided no overall roadmap of a funding strategy for the Federal Government. They failed to agree within their own caucus on fund-ing priorities, leaving them incapable to even begin to negotiate with Demo-crats. As a result, law dictates a de-fense funding level of $549 billion. That is a lot of money. Half a trillion. But here we are debating, for the third time, an astounding $659 billion for de-fense. That is $110 billion more. Hmm. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.039 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH722 January 30, 2018 
We can all agree that funding defense is a priority, but so are pensions, com-munity health centers, Federal work-force training, the opioid crisis, keep-ing our waters clean, domestic secu-rity. Well, the list goes on, and each deserves attention. Why are we voting again on a lop-sided bill that blows up budget caps when there are so many other bipar-tisan priorities? This is a partisan sideshow that at-tempts to mask Republican Party dys-function. This is not leadership. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Ohio an additional 30 seconds. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to once again oppose this partisan talking point and demand action on an agreement to fund the en-tire government for the remaining part of this fiscal year. We have little more than a week to secure a plan for the re-mainder of 2018, but it may be a road too far if Republicans don’t come to the table to talk among themselves se-riously and then be willing to nego-tiate with this side of the aisle. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ), chairman of the Home-land Security Subcommittee. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this Defense Appro-priations bill which will provide full- year funding for the Defense Depart-ment so they can continue to effec-tively defend our country from an ever- expanding threat which exists in the world today. This bill ends uncertainty and inef-fectiveness of a continuing resolution, allows the DOD to plan and execute on the things they need to do today, not last year. Our military needs to mod-ernize to face new threats it will face in this world, and they can’t do that with a CR. This bill also lifts sequestration caps which have, to paraphrase Secretary Mattis, caused more harm to our mili-tary than any enemy. Lifting these caps for FY18 is essential towards im-proving the readiness of our force. The world is changing rapidly and so is the nature and threat to our mili-tary forces and what they face day and night. We owe it to our servicemen and -women to give them the resources to modernize their capabilities so that they can best face this threat. Mr. Speaker, our military is the greatest natural resource in the coun-try. I am reminded of this every time I visit The Great Place, Fort Hood, in my district. The troops at Fort Hood are currently leading the fight against ISIS and will benefit from this bill, and we owe it to them. We sleep every night under the blan-ket of freedom they provide through their sacrifice. I am proud to support them and hopeful that we will pass this bill so we can give them what they need right now so they won’t face the uncertainty of endless sequestration and CRs. I support this bill and encour-age my colleagues to support it. And it is a current event. Last night, as I flew into Washington, D.C., we car-ried the remains of an American war-rior. It is a current event. We are all responsible for it. We need to get this job done. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), my friend and a senior member of the Appropria-tions Committee. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman for yielding me time and for his tremendous leadership as our ranking member on the Defense Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition once again to this bill. I think the House has taken it up now for a third time this year. Let me just start by saying I grew up in a military family. I am a military brat. My dad fought in World War II and in the Korean War. He was sta-tioned, among his posts, at Fort Bliss, Texas. And I want to say that supporting our troops, making sure that they have everything they need, is extremely im-portant. And opposing this budget, for me, of course, does not reflect my sup-port for our troops. But I just have to tell you, this bill appropriates the $664 billion in defense spending for this already out-of-control Pentagon budget. It also includes more than $75 billion for wars that Congress has never debated or voted on. And what is worse, this bill includes $1.2 billion in overseas contingency oper-ations to increase troop levels in Af-ghanistan by 3,500 troops. This is really outrageous, and this fund should really be eliminated. Now, the Pentagon has failed to achieve the requirement to audit itself by 2017, and we know that billions of dollars have been found in waste, fraud, and abuse. That is unacceptable. Instead of writing blank checks— which is what I think this bill does, an-other blank check to the Pentagon— Congress needs to live up to its con-stitutional obligation to complete an audit, first of all, to determine how to make sure we have a rational defense budget that protects our national secu-rity and supports our troops, not to provide excess contracts that lead to waste, fraud, and abuse. We also need to debate matters of war and peace. So we need to pass my amendment, which I tried to do, quite frankly, last year in this very bill, that would sun-set the 2001 AUMF, and it would give us 8 months—not immediately, but 8 months—to debate and vote on a new one before it would be enacted. It took 3 days to enact the last one. That is what the debate was. I am asking for 8 months. This important amendment would provide Congress plenty of time to do our job and finally have a debate on matters of war and peace. However, even though my amendment passed the Appropriations Committee in a bipar-tisan fashion, Republicans unilaterally decided to strip this amendment from the bill, really, I have to say, in the dead of night. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 1 minute. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, this was very undemocratic and underhanded, and it makes me wonder: What is the Speaker afraid of? So I asked for my amendment to be debated and voted on on the House floor, and again Republican leadership refused—really a shame. Our brave troops deserve us to come together and do this so that they know that their country has their back. I voted against the 2001 authorization because I believe it opened the door for any President to wage endless war without a congressional debate or vote. Quite frankly, unfortunately, history has borne that out. According to the Congressional Re-search Service report, the 2001 AUMF has been used more than 37 times in 14 countries to justify military action. This report examines only unclassified incidents, and it was conducted 3 years ago. So how many other operations have been conducted without the knowledge of Congress or the American people? These authorizations have also been used to justify perpetual wars that are thousands of miles away. I will conclude by saying that now any President—any President—can unilaterally wage war under this out-dated authorization forever, really, until it is repealed. Now we have an ad-ministration bent on increasing our presence in Afghanistan and never leaving Syria, both wars that the American public know nothing about. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill, and reject this wasteful spending. Ms. GRANGER. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ), chairman of the Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. b1430 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support this Defense Appropriations bill. It has been noted here already: a total of $659 billion for full-year fund-ing for the Department of Defense, in-cluding $584 billion for base funding and $75.1 billion for overseas contin-gency operations. It also fully funds a 2.4 percent pay raise and supports an increase in troop numbers. When you add the $4.7 billion in emergency missile defense and other funds requested by the President in No-vember, funding for this DOD appro-priations totals $664 billion—fully con-sistent with the NDAA for FY 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.040 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H723 January 30, 2018 
The House passed nearly identical legislation last year back in July, and then again in September. Despite the best efforts in the House, here we are again. We are doing this legislation again—the other body has failed—and we are operating on the fourth continuing resolution for FY 2018. That is the 30th CR—or con-tinuing resolution—that Congress has passed since January of 2011. The House passed each of the 12 ap-propriations bills and their individual subcommittees and each of the 12 ap-propriations bills in full committee markup, and each bill has seen the light of day on the House floor. The other body, Mr. Speaker, is a dif-ferent story. Not one single appropria-tions bill has seen the light of day on the Senate floor. No progress has been made on any individual appropriations bills because that body can’t seem to get them on the calendar. Part of that has been the demand of every adminis-tration nominee be discussed for a full 30 hours—something that this Congress never did under President Obama. If going to a 51-vote process for ap-propriations bills is the only way to break this logjam, then such a decision should be made. I am on record for that idea, as are many Senators as well. Mr. Speaker, we find ourselves in this situation once again. The real question is: Will the other body do theirs? Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ), the ranking member on the Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies Sub-committee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership—par-ticularly, his responsible leadership— as the ranking member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to the political gambit that the Republican leadership is pulling today. Virtually identical versions of the Defense Appropriations bill we are con-sidering have already passed the House twice. The Republican majority is so bankrupt of ideas that they are now going around in circles playing polit-ical games. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I strongly support moving appropriations bills through the com-mittee and to the floor through regular order. I applaud all of my committee colleagues on both sides of the aisle for working in good faith on all 12 appro-priations bills. But the appropriations process has been hijacked by Republican leadership and the rightwing ideologues who now run the House. Regardless of the out-come of today’s vote, all appropria-tions bills will remain stuck in the swamp that is this Republican Con-gress. The reason for this holdup is that Re-publican so-called leaders have refused to work across the aisle toward an agreement on a budget that would pre-vent the gutting of investments in vital national priorities: from edu-cation to infrastructure, from healthcare to housing, from diplomacy to defense. We need to provide our military with the resources they need. There is no question about that. Instead, the Re-publican majority is using the brave servicemen and -women who defend our Nation as pawns in a partisan crusade that would undermine the nation our troops are defending. The stated Republican rationale for their intransigence is that they are concerned about the deficit, yet these are the same Republicans who voted to explode the deficit by more than $1.5 trillion in order to give a huge tax cut to big corporations and the top 1 per-cent. As each day passes, it becomes more and more clear that the priorities of the Republican majority are backward and immoral. Instead of expanding access to afford-able healthcare, Republicans tried to repeal the Affordable Care Act and leave millions uninsured. Instead of investing in the middle class, Republicans gave a huge tax giveaway to those who have turned their backs on the middle class. Instead of building on bipartisan ef-forts to advance reasonable reforms to our immigration system, Republicans are trying to tear apart families and close the door on aspiring Americans. Instead of responsibly funding na-tional priorities, Republicans are play-ing political games to distract from their failure to govern. Instead of investing in all of our peo-ple, Republicans are pitting us against each other to deflect the blame from where it belongs—with the party who controls both Houses of Congress and the White House. This is no way to keep the state of our union safe. This is no way to keep the state of our union strong. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this political charade. Let’s work together to invest in all of our national priorities and make the state of our union more perfect. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ), the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I appreciate her strong, persistent lead-ership on behalf of our troops and our Nation. Mr. Speaker, in the days leading up to the most recent government shut-down, we heard a number of Members of both bodies, on the floor and in the press, say that they were opposed to that continuing resolution because of the damage that continuing resolu-tions do to the military. It is abso-lutely true that continuing resolutions do erode our fighting capability. This is the chance—the bill that the gentlewoman from Texas has brought— this is the chance to do it right. This is the chance to fully fund the military for the rest of the fiscal year and get them out of the CR mess. So all of those Members who came here to the well and have talked to the press and in the other body, who expressed con-cern about the damage that a CR does, this is the chance to fix that problem by voting for the bill that is before us today. Mr. Speaker, it is another oppor-tunity to remove our troops from the partisan political morass that has seemed to bind them. We just heard in the previous speech everything from healthcare, taxes, funding for housing, the full panoply of issues. Some Mem-bers have used all of their desire to get an outcome they want on those other issues as an excuse for not funding our military. More recently, we have heard Mem-bers who say: Yes, I know the military needs to be funded, they need more money, but I can’t support it until we have the outcome I want on an immi-gration issue. So from taxes and healthcare and im-migration, it is all an excuse to not fund the military, to keep them hos-tage, until those other issues are re-solved the way that Members want them to be. Mr. Speaker, I just think that is wrong. We need to set our military free of all of the other issues. I may well agree on finding a reasonable solution to the DACA issue. I may well agree on more funding for a number of domestic spending programs. But none of them, however important they may be, should be an excuse for failing to sup-port the military so that when they go out and perform the missions our coun-try asks them to perform, they are fully trained, fully supported, and equipped with the best that this coun-try can offer. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important for all of us, whatever committee we serve on, to remember that the men and women who are out there risking their lives for us, do so uncondition-ally, whether it is in the mountains of Afghanistan, near the DMZ of Korea, whether they are doing exercises in Eastern Europe or the Middle East, they perform their service uncondi-tionally. Our support for them should be unconditional, too. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. I have said it before and I will say it again: Last summer, the House passed all 12 appropriations bills before the 2018 fis-cal year started on October 1. In those bills, we appropriated the funds nec-essary to equip our servicemembers with the resources they need to defend this country in the face of threats from North Korea, China, Russia, al-Qaida, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.043 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH724 January 30, 2018 
ISIS, Iran, and cyber threats, just to name a few. Yet our servicemembers have been routinely denied access to these re-sources as Senate Democrats have been holding back the full funding of our armed services. In doing so, they ask our servicemembers to go into battle with aging equipment and insufficient resources, risking their lives to defend America. Just 10 days ago, we had an-other helicopter accident and we lost two pilots who were in an Apache. Our men and women in uniform haven’t even had a modest pay raise in a very long time. It is time to deliver on this commitment. Mr. Speaker, we have the oppor-tunity at times to visit our troops overseas. I had the opportunity at the end of last year to look into the young faces of our men and women over there. They are expecting us to do this. I would like to remind my colleagues across the aisle that our adversaries are on the move. Russia and China are expansionists now. North Korea and Iran fire off ballistic missiles at our al-lies, destabilizing those regions. There is no doubt that our inaction only emboldens them. Mr. Speaker, we must rebuild our military before it is too late. The choice is easy: we either deter our en-emies through superior strength, or we risk greater conflict by demonstrating weakness. Let me be clear: what we spend on our defenses should not be a function of any other program. It should be a func-tion of the threats our Nation faces and what we owe our servicemembers in the field. Mr. Speaker, I implore my colleagues across the aisle to fund our military today. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I would simply close at the point where I began and ask the Members of this institution at large— the United States Congress, both Houses—to please give the Appropria-tions Committees numbers for defense and discretionary spending so that under the leadership of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Mrs. L OWEY , in this case under Chairwoman G
RANGER , myself, and the other 11 subcommit-tees, we can finish our work. It is less than 2 weeks before we will begin fiscal year 2019. I would ask my colleagues to please give us those numbers so that we can do our work effectively. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as we conclude our re-marks and, again, call for a vote on this very important bill, I want to ex-press my respect and appreciation for the help of Ranking Member V
IS-
CLOSKY , and certainly for the leader-ship of Appropriations Chairman R
OD-
NEYFRELINGHUYSEN . I have been fortu-nate to follow the chairman, as chair of Defense Appropriations, and I speak for all who serve on his committee, who look to him for leadership and respect him for his service. He is an extraor-dinary public servant and a model for us all, and we thank him. Mr. Speaker, the time is long past for Congress to fulfill their duty. I urge all Members to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 714, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. GRANGER ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of the motion will be followed by a 5-minute vote on: Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 4292. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 250, nays 166, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 49] YEAS—250 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—166 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Butterfield Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Costa Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Ca´rdenas Courtney Cummings Issa Johnson, E. B. Jones Kennedy Luetkemeyer McClintock Poe (TX) Wilson (FL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.044 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H725 January 30, 2018 
b1511 Messrs. CARSON of Indiana and CRIST changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. LUCAS, JORDAN, COFF-MAN, and CARBAJAL changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 49. 
f 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION LIVING WILL IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
HIMKUS ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4292) to re-form the living will process under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IP-
TON) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 414, nays 0, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 50] YEAS—414 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—16 
Blackburn Blumenauer Brownley (CA) Ca´rdenas Courtney Cummings Denham Issa Johnson, E. B. Jones Kelly (IL) Kennedy Luetkemeyer McClintock Scott, David Wilson (FL) 
b1520 Messrs. SIRES, RICHMOND, and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. WILSON of Florida. I was not present for the following votes because I needed to re-turn urgently to my congressional district in Miami. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 49 and ‘‘yes’’ on roll-call No. 50. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO SERVE ON INVESTIGATIVE SUB-COMMITTEES OF THE COM-MITTEE ON ETHICS FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to clause 5(a)(4)(A) of rule X, and the order of the House of December 13, 2017, of the fol-lowing Members of the House to be available to serve on investigative sub-committees of the Committee on Eth-ics for the 115th Congress in light of the elections of Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE to the Committee on Ethics: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Washington Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY , Florida 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 2018, TO FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2018 Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 4:30 p.m. on Friday, February 2, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2018, TO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2018 Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns on Fri-day, February 2, 2018, it adjourn to meet on Monday, February 5, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for leg-islative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.046 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH726 January 30, 2018 
There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. After consultation among the Speaker and the majority and minority leaders, and with their consent, the Chair an-nounces that, when the two Houses meet tonight in joint session to hear an address by the President of the United States, only the doors imme-diately opposite the Speaker and those immediately to his left and right will be open. No one will be allowed on the floor of the House who does not have the privi-lege of the floor of the House. Due to the large attendance that is antici-pated, the rule regarding the privilege of the floor must be strictly enforced. Children of Members will not be per-mitted on the floor. The cooperation of all Members is requested. The practice of purporting to reserve seats prior to the joint session by placement of placards or personal items will not be allowed. Chamber Se-curity may remove these items from the seats. Members may reserve their seats only by physical presence fol-lowing the security sweep of the Cham-ber. All Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in still photography or audio or video recording in the Cham-ber. Taking unofficial photographs de-tracts from the dignity of the pro-ceedings and presents security and pri-vacy challenges for the House. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 8:35 p.m. for the purpose of receiving in joint session the President of the United States. Accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 24 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2033 JOINT SESSION OF CONGRESS PURSUANT TO HOUSE CONCUR-RENT RESOLUTION 101 TO RE-CEIVE A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at 8 o’clock and 33 minutes p.m. The Assistant to the Sergeant at Arms, Ms. Kathleen Joyce, announced the Vice President and Members of the U.S. Senate, who entered the Hall of the House of Representatives, the Vice President taking the chair at the right of the Speaker, and the Members of the Senate the seats reserved for them. The SPEAKER. The joint session will come to order. The Chair appoints as members of the committee on the part of the House to escort the President of the United States into the Chamber: The gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ); The gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ); The gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ); The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIV-
ERS); The gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ); The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ); The gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH); The gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ); The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ); The gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ); The gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ); The gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
A´NCHEZ ); The gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ); and The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ). The VICE PRESIDENT. The Presi-dent of the Senate, at the direction of that body, appoints the following Sen-ators as members of the committee on the part of the Senate to escort the President of the United States into the House Chamber: The Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ); The Senator from Texas (Mr. C
OR-
NYN); The Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ); The Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ); The Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ); The Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ); The Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ); The Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ); The Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ); The Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TA-
BENOW ); The Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ); The Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ); and The Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ). The Assistant to the Sergeant at Arms announced the Dean of the Diplo-matic Corps, His Excellency Hersey Kyota, the Ambassador of the Republic of Palau. The Dean of the Diplomatic Corps en-tered the Hall of the House of Rep-resentatives and took the seat reserved for him. The Assistant to the Sergeant at Arms announced the Chief Justice of the United States and the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court. The Chief Justice of the United States and the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court entered the Hall of the House of Representatives and took the seats reserved for them in front of the Speaker’s rostrum. The Assistant to the Sergeant at Arms announced the Cabinet of the President of the United States. The members of the Cabinet of the President of the United States entered the Hall of the House of Representa-tives and took the seats reserved for them in front of the Speaker’s rostrum. At 9 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m., the Sergeant at Arms, the Honorable Paul D. Irving, announced the President of the United States. The President of the United States, escorted by the committee of Senators and Representatives, entered the Hall of the House of Representatives and stood at the Clerk’s desk. (Applause, the Members rising.) The SPEAKER. Members of the Con-gress, I have the high privilege and the distinct honor of presenting to you the President of the United States. (Applause, the Members rising.) The PRESIDENT. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, Members of Congress, the First Lady of the United States, and my fellow Americans: Less than 1 year has passed since I first stood at this podium, in this ma-jestic Chamber, to speak on behalf of the American people and to address their concerns, their hopes, and their dreams. That night, our new adminis-tration had already taken very swift action. A new tide of optimism was al-ready sweeping across our land. Each day since, we have gone forward with a clear vision and a righteous mis-sion: to make America great again for all Americans. Over the last year, we have made in-credible progress and achieved extraor-dinary success. We have faced chal-lenges we expected, and others we could never have imagined. We have shared in the heights of victory and the pains of hardship. We have endured floods and fires and storms. But through it all, we have seen the beauty of America’s soul and the steel in America’s spine. Each test has forged new American heroes to remind us who we are and show us what we can be. We saw the volunteers of the Cajun Navy racing to the rescue with their fishing boats to save people in the aftermath of a totally devastating hur-ricane. We saw strangers shielding strangers from a hail of gunfire on the Las Vegas strip. We heard tales of Americans like Coast Guard Petty Officer Ashlee Leppert, who is here tonight in the gal-lery with Melania. Ashlee was aboard one of the first helicopters on the scene in Houston during Hurricane Harvey. Through 18 hours of wind and rain, Ashlee braved live power lines and deep water to help save more than 40 lives. Ashlee, we all thank you. Thank you very much. We heard about Americans like fire-fighter David Dahlberg. He is here with us also. David faced down walls of flame to rescue almost 60 children trapped at a California summer camp 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.049 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H727 January 30, 2018 
threatened by those devastating wildfires. To everyone still recovering in Texas, Florida, Louisiana, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands—and every-where—we are with you, we love you, and we always will pull through to-gether. Always. Thank you to David and the brave people of California. Thank you very much, David. Great job. Some trials over the past year touched this Chamber very personally. With us tonight is one of the toughest people ever to serve in this House, a guy who took a bullet, almost died, and was back to work 3
1⁄2months later: the legend from Louisiana, Congressman S
TEVE SCALISE . I think they like you, S
TEVE . We are incredibly grateful for the he-roic efforts of the Capitol Police offi-cers, the Alexandria Police, and the doctors, nurses, and paramedics who saved his life and the lives of many others—some in this room. In the aftermath of that terrible shooting, we came together not as Re-publicans or Democrats, but as rep-resentatives of the people. But it is not enough to come together only in times of tragedy. Tonight, I call upon all of us to set aside our differences, to seek out common ground, and to summon the unity we need to deliver for the people. This is really the key. These are the people we were elected to serve. Over the last year, the world has seen what we always knew: that no people on Earth are so fearless, or daring, or determined, as Americans. If there is a mountain, we climb it. If there is a frontier, we cross it. If there is a chal-lenge, we tame it. If there is an oppor-tunity, we seize it. So let’s begin tonight by recognizing that the state of our Union is strong because our people are strong. And, to-gether, we are building a safe, strong, and proud America. Since the election, we have created 2.4 million new jobs, including 200,000 new jobs in manufacturing alone. Tre-mendous numbers. After years and years of wage stagnation, we are fi-nally seeing rising wages. Unemployment claims have hit a 45- year low. And something I am very proud of: African-American unemploy-ment stands at the lowest rate ever re-corded, and Hispanic-American unem-ployment has also reached the lowest levels in history. Small business confidence is at an all-time high. The stock market has smashed one record after another, gaining $8 trillion, and more, in value in just this short period of time. That is great news for Americans. 401(k), re-tirement, pension, and college savings accounts have gone through the roof. And just as I promised the American people from this podium 11 months ago, we enacted the biggest tax cuts and re-forms in American history. Our massive tax cuts provide tremen-dous relief for the middle class and small businesses. To lower tax rates for hardworking Americans, we nearly doubled the standard deduction for everyone. Now, the first $24,000 earned by a married couple is completely tax free. We also doubled the child tax credit. A typical family of four making $75,000 will see their tax bill reduced by $2,000—slashing their tax bill in half. In April, this will be the last time you will ever file under the old, and very broken, system; and millions of Americans will have more take-home pay starting next month—a lot more. We eliminated an especially cruel tax that fell mostly on Americans making less than $50,000 a year, forcing them to pay tremendous penalties, simply be-cause they couldn’t afford government- ordered health plans. We repealed the core of the disastrous ObamaCare. The individual mandate is now gone. We slashed the business tax rate from 35 percent all the way down to 21 per-cent, so American companies can com-pete and win against anyone else any-where in the world. These changes alone are estimated to increase aver-age family income by more than $4,000—a lot of money. Small businesses have also received a massive tax cut and can now deduct 20 percent of their business income. Here, tonight, are Steve Staub and Sandy Keplinger of Staub Manufac-turing—a small, beautiful business in Ohio. They have just finished the best year in their 20-year history. Because of tax reform, they are handing out raises, hiring an additional 14 people, and expanding into the building next door—a good feeling. One of Staub’s employees, Corey Adams, is also with us tonight. Corey is an all-American worker. He sup-ported himself through high school, lost his job during the 2008 recession, and was later hired by Staub, where he trained to become a welder. Like many hardworking Americans, Corey plans to invest his tax-cut raise into his new home and his two daughters’ edu-cations. Corey, please stand. And he is a great welder. I was told that by the man who owns that company that is doing so well. So, congratulations, Corey. Since we passed tax cuts, roughly 3 million workers have already gotten tax-cut bonuses—many of them thou-sands and thousands of dollars per worker; and it is getting more every month, every week. Apple has just an-nounced it plans to invest a total of $350 billion in America and hire an-other 20,000 workers. And just a little while ago, ExxonMobil announced a $50 billion investment in the United States—just a little while ago. This, in fact, is our new American moment. There has never been a better time to start living the American Dream. So to every citizen watching at home tonight—no matter where you have been or where you have come from— this is your time. If you work hard, if you believe in yourself, if you believe in America, then you can dream any-thing, you can be anything, and, to-gether, we can achieve absolutely any-thing. Tonight, I want to talk about what kind of future we are going to have and what kind of a nation we are going to be. All of us, together, as one team, one people, and one American family can do anything. We all share the same home, the same heart, the same destiny, and the same great American flag. Together, we are rediscovering the American way. In America, we know that faith and family, not government and bureauc-racy, are the center of American life. Our motto is ‘‘In God We Trust.’’ And we celebrate our police, our military, and our amazing veterans as heroes who deserve our total and un-wavering support. Here tonight is Preston Sharp, a 12- year-old boy from Redding, California, who noticed that veterans’ graves were not marked with flags on Veterans Day. He decided all by himself to change that and started a movement that has now placed 40,000 flags at the graves of our great heroes. Preston: a job well done. Young patriots like Preston teach all of us about our civic duty as Ameri-cans. And I met Preston a little while ago, and he is something very special; that, I can tell you. Great future. Thank you very much for all you have done, Preston. Thank you very much. Preston’s reverence for those who have served our Nation reminds us of why we salute our flag, why we put our hands on our hearts for the Pledge of Allegiance, and why we proudly stand for the national anthem. Americans love their country, and they deserve a government that shows them the same love and loyalty in re-turn. For the last year, we have sought to restore the bonds of trust between our citizens and their government. Work-ing with the Senate, we are appointing judges who will interpret the Constitu-tion as written, including a great new Supreme Court Justice and more cir-cuit court judges than any new admin-istration in the history of our country. We are totally defending our Second Amendment and have taken historic actions to protect religious liberty. And we are serving our brave vet-erans, including giving our veterans choice in their healthcare decisions. Last year, Congress also passed, and I signed, the landmark VA Account-ability Act. Since its passage, my ad-ministration has already removed more than 1,500 VA employees who failed to give our veterans the care they de-serve, and we are hiring talented peo-ple who love our vets as much as we do. And I will not stop until our veterans are properly taken care of, which has been my promise to them from the very beginning of this great journey. All Americans deserve accountability and respect, and that is what we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.050 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH728 January 30, 2018 
giving to our wonderful heroes, our veterans. Thank you. So tonight I call on Congress to em-power every Cabinet Secretary with the authority to reward good workers and to remove Federal employees who undermine the public trust or fail the American people. In our drive to make Washington ac-countable, we have eliminated more regulations in our first year than any administration in the history of our country. We have ended the war on American energy, and we have ended the war on beautiful, clean coal. We are now, very proudly, an exporter of energy to the world. In Detroit, I halted government man-dates that crippled America’s great, beautiful autoworkers so that we can get Motor City revving its engines again, and that is what is happening. Many car companies are now building and expanding plants in the United States, something we haven’t seen for decades. Chrysler is moving a major plant from Mexico to Michigan. Toyota and Mazda are opening up a plant in Alabama—a big one—and we haven’t seen this in a long time. It is all com-ing back. Very soon, auto plants and other plants will be opening up all over our country. This is all news Americans are to-tally unaccustomed to hearing. For many years, companies and jobs were only leaving us, but now they are roar-ing back. They are coming back. They want to be where the action is. They want to be in the United States of America. That is where they want to be. Exciting progress is happening every single day. To speed access to breakthrough cures and affordable generic drugs, last year the FDA approved more new and generic drugs and medical devices than ever before in our country’s history. We also believe that patients with terminal conditions and terminal ill-ness should have access to experi-mental treatment immediately that could potentially save their lives. People who are terminally ill should not have to go from country to country to seek a cure. I want to give them a chance right here at home. It is time for Congress to give these wonderful, incredible Americans the ‘‘right to try.’’ One of my greatest priorities is to re-duce the price of prescription drugs. In many other countries, these drugs cost far less than what we pay in the United States, and it is very, very unfair. That is why I have directed my administra-tion to make fixing the injustice of high drug prices one of my top prior-ities for the year, and prices will come down substantially. Watch. America has also finally turned the page on decades of unfair trade deals that sacrificed our prosperity and shipped away our companies, our jobs, and our wealth. Our Nation has lost its wealth, but we are getting it back so fast. The era of economic surrender is to-tally over. From now on, we expect trading rela-tionships to be fair and, very impor-tantly, reciprocal. We will work to fix bad trade deals and negotiate new ones, and they will be good ones, but they will be fair. And we will protect American work-ers and American intellectual property through strong enforcement of our trade rules. As we rebuild our industries, it is also time to rebuild our crumbling in-frastructure. America is a nation of builders. We built the Empire State Building in just 1 year. Isn’t it a disgrace that it can now take 10 years just to get a minor permit approved for the building of a simple road? I am asking both parties to come to-gether to give us safe, fast, reliable, and modern infrastructure that our economy needs and our people deserve. Tonight, I am calling on Congress to produce a bill that generates at least $1.5 trillion for the new infrastructure investment that our country so des-perately needs. Every Federal dollar should be lever-aged by partnering with State and local governments and, where appro-priate, tapping into private sector in-vestment to permanently fix the infra-structure deficit, and we can do it. Any bill must also streamline the permitting and approval process, get-ting it down to no more than 2 years, and perhaps even 1. Together, we can reclaim our great building heritage. We will build gleam-ing new roads, bridges, highways, rail-ways, and waterways all across our land, and we will do it with American heart and American hands and Amer-ican grit. We want every American to know the dignity of a hard day’s work. We want every child to be safe in their home at night. And we want every citizen to be proud of this land that we all love so much. We can lift our citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independ-ence, and from poverty to prosperity. As tax cuts create new jobs, let’s in-vest in workforce development and let’s invest in job training, which we need so badly. Let’s open great voca-tional schools so our future workers can learn a craft and realize their full potential. And let’s support working families by supporting paid family leave. As America regains its strength, op-portunity must be extended to all citi-zens. That is why this year we will em-bark on reforming our prisons to help former inmates who have served their time get a second chance at life. Struggling communities, especially immigrant communities, will also be helped by immigration policies that focus on the best interests of American workers and American families. For decades, open borders have al-lowed drugs and gangs to pour into our most vulnerable communities. They have allowed millions of low-wage workers to compete for jobs and wages against the poorest Americans. Most tragically, they have caused the loss of many innocent lives. Here tonight are two fathers and two mothers: Evelyn Rodriguez, Freddy Cuevas, Elizabeth Alvarado, and Rob-ert Mickens. Their two teenage daugh-ters, Kayla Cuevas and Nisa Mickens, were close friends on Long Island. But in September 2016, on the eve of Nisa’s 16th birthday, such a happy time it should have been, neither of them came home. These two precious girls were brutally murdered while walking to-gether in their hometown. Six mem-bers of the savage MS–13 gang have been charged with Kayla’s and Nisa’s murders. Many of these gang members took advantage of glaring loopholes in our laws to enter the country as ille-gal, unaccompanied alien minors, and wound up in Kayla’s and Nisa’s high school. Evelyn, Elizabeth, Freddy, and Rob-ert: Tonight, everyone in this Chamber is praying for you. Everyone in Amer-ica is grieving for you. Please stand. Thank you very much. I want you to know that 320 million hearts are right now breaking for you. We love you. Thank you. While we cannot imagine the depths of that kind of sorrow, we can make sure that other families never have to endure this kind of pain. Tonight I am calling on Congress to finally close the deadly loopholes that have allowed MS–13 and other criminal gangs to break into our country. We have proposed new legislation that will fix our immigration laws and support our ICE and Border Patrol agents. These are great people. These are great, great people who work so hard in the midst of such danger so that this can never happen again. The United States is a compassionate nation. We are proud that we do more than any other country anywhere in the world to help the needy, the strug-gling, and the underprivileged all over the world. But as President of the United States, my highest loyalty, my greatest compassion, my constant con-cern, is for America’s children, Amer-ica’s struggling workers, and America’s forgotten communities. I want our youth to grow up to achieve great things. I want our poor to have their chance to rise. So tonight I am extending an open hand to work with Members of both parties, Democrats and Republicans, to protect our citizens of every back-ground, color, religion, and creed. My duty and the sacred duty of every elected official in this Chamber is to defend Americans, to protect their safety, their families, their commu-nities, and their right to the American Dream, because Americans are dream-ers, too. Here tonight is one leader in the ef-fort to defend our country: Homeland Security Investigations Special Agent Celestino Martinez. He goes by DJ and CJ. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.053 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H729 January 30, 2018 
He said: Call me either one. So we will call you CJ. He served 15 years in the Air Force before becoming an ICE agent and spending the last 15 years fighting gang violence and getting dangerous crimi-nals off of our streets. Tough job. At one point, MS–13 leaders ordered CJ’s murder, and they wanted it to happen quickly. But he did not cave to threats or to fear. Last May, he com-manded an operation to track down gang members on Long Island. His team has arrested nearly 400, including more than 220 MS–13 gang members. And I have to tell you what the Bor-der Patrol and ICE have done. We have sent thousands and thousands and thousands of MS–13, horrible people out of this country or into our prisons. So I just want to congratulate you, CJ. You are a brave guy. Thank you very much. And I asked CJ: What is the secret? He said: ‘‘We are just tougher than they are.’’ And I like that answer. Now let’s get Congress to send you—and all of the people in this great Chamber have to do it. We have no choice. CJ, we are going to send you reinforcements and we are going to send them to you quickly. It is what you need. Over the next few weeks, the House and Senate will be voting on an immi-gration reform package. In recent months, my administration has met extensively with both Democrats and Republicans to craft a bipartisan ap-proach to immigration reform. Based on these discussions, we presented Con-gress with a detailed proposal that should be supported by both parties as a fair compromise, one where nobody gets everything they want, but where our country gets the critical reforms it needs and must have. Here are the four pillars of our plan: The first pillar of our framework gen-erously offers a path to citizenship for 1.8 million illegal immigrants who were brought here by their parents at a young age. That covers almost three times more people than the previous administration covered. Under our plan, those who meet education and work requirements, and show good moral character, will be able to become full citizens of the United States over a 12-year period. The second pillar fully secures the border. That means building a great wall on the Southern border, and it means hiring more heroes like CJ to keep our communities safe. Crucially, our plan closes the terrible loopholes exploited by criminals and terrorists to enter our country, and it finally ends the horrible and dangerous practice of catch and release. The third pillar ends the visa lot-tery—a program that randomly hands out green cards without any regard for skill, merit, or the safety of American people. It is time to begin moving to-ward a merit-based immigration sys-tem—one that admits people who are skilled, who want to work, who will contribute to our society, and who will love and respect our country. The fourth and final pillar protects the nuclear family by ending chain mi-gration. Under the current broken sys-tem, a single immigrant can bring in virtually unlimited numbers of distant relatives. Under our plan, we focus on the immediate family by limiting spon-sorships to spouses and minor children. This vital reform is necessary, not just for our economy, but for our security and for the future of America. In recent weeks, two terrorist at-tacks in New York were made possible by the visa lottery and chain migra-tion. In the age of terrorism, these pro-grams present risks we can just no longer afford. It is time to reform these outdated immigration rules and finally bring our immigration system into the 21st cen-tury. These four pillars represent a down- the-middle compromise, and one that will create a safe, modern, and lawful immigration system. For over 30 years, Washington has tried and failed to solve this problem. This Congress can be the one that fi-nally makes it happen. Most importantly, these four pillars will produce legislation that fulfills my ironclad pledge to sign a bill that puts America first. So let’s come together, set politics aside, and finally get the job done. These reforms will also support our response to the terrible crisis of opioid and drug addiction. Never before has it been like it is now. It is terrible, and we have to do something about it. In 2016, we lost 64,000 Americans to drug overdoses: 174 deaths per day, 7 per hour. We must get much tougher on drug dealers and pushers if we are going to succeed in stopping this scourge. My administration is committed to fighting the drug epidemic and helping get treatment for those in need, for those who have been so terribly hurt. The struggle will be long, and it will be difficult; but as Americans always do, in the end, we will succeed, and we will prevail. As we have seen tonight, the most difficult challenges bring out the best in America. We see a vivid expression of this truth in the story of the Holets family of New Mexico. Ryan Holets is 27 years old and an officer with the Albu-querque Police Department. He is here tonight with his wife, Rebecca. Thank you, Ryan. Last year, Ryan was on duty when he saw a pregnant, homeless woman pre-paring to inject heroin. When Ryan told her she was going to harm her un-born child, she began to weep. She told him she didn’t know where to turn but badly wanted a safe home for her baby. In that moment, Ryan said he felt God speak to him: You will do it because you can. He heard those words. He took out a picture of his wife and their four kids. Then he went home to tell his wife, Rebecca. In an instant, she agreed to adopt. The Holets named their new daughter Hope. Ryan and Rebecca, you embody the goodness of our Nation. Thank you. Thank you, Ryan and Rebecca. As we rebuild America’s strength and confidence at home, we are also restor-ing our strength and standing abroad. Around the world, we face rogue re-gimes, terrorist groups, and rivals like China and Russia that challenge our interests, our economy, and our values. In confronting these horrible dangers, we know that weakness is the surest path to conflict, and unmatched power is the surest means to our true and great defense. For this reason, I am asking Con-gress to end the dangerous defense se-quester and fully fund our great mili-tary. As part of our defense, we must mod-ernize and rebuild our nuclear arsenal, hopefully never having to use it, but making it so strong and so powerful that it will deter any acts of aggression by any other nation or anyone else. Perhaps someday in the future there will be a magical moment when the countries of the world will get together to eliminate their nuclear weapons. Unfortunately, we are not there yet, sadly. Last year, I also pledged that we would work with our allies to extin-guish ISIS from the face of the Earth. One year later, I am proud to report that the coalition to defeat ISIS has liberated very close to 100 percent of the territory just recently held by these killers in Iraq and in Syria, and in other locations as well. But there is much more work to be done. We will continue our fight until ISIS is de-feated. Army Staff Sergeant Justin Peck is here tonight. Near Raqqa last Novem-ber, Justin and his comrade, Chief Petty Officer Kenton Stacy, were on a mission to clear buildings that ISIS had rigged with explosives so that ci-vilians could return to that city, hope-fully soon and hopefully safely. Clearing the second floor of a vital hospital, Kenton Stacy was severely wounded by an explosion. Immediately, Justin bounded into the booby-trapped and unbelievably dangerous and unsafe building and found Kenton but in very, very bad shape. He applied pressure to the wound and inserted a tube to reopen an airway. He then performed CPR for 20 straight minutes during the ground transport and maintained artificial respiration through 2
1⁄2hours of emergency sur-gery. Kenton Stacy would have died if it were not for Justin’s selfless love for his fellow warrior. Tonight, Kenton is recovering in Texas. Raqqa is liberated. And Justin is wearing his new Bronze Star, with a ‘‘V’’ for ‘‘valor.’’ Staff Ser-geant Peck: All of America salutes you. Terrorists who do things like place bombs in civilian hospitals are evil. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.055 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH730 January 30, 2018 
When possible, we have no choice but to annihilate them. When necessary, we must be able to detain and question them. But we must be clear: Terrorists are not merely criminals. They are un-lawful enemy combatants. And when captured overseas, they should be treated like the terrorists they are. In the past, we have foolishly re-leased hundreds and hundreds of dan-gerous terrorists, only to meet them again on the battlefield—including the ISIS leader, al-Baghdadi, whom we cap-tured, whom we had, whom we re-leased. So today, I am keeping another promise. I just signed, prior to walking in, an order directing Secretary Mattis, who is doing a great job—thank you— to reexamine our military detention policy and to keep open the detention facilities in Guantanamo Bay. I am asking Congress to ensure that, in the fight against ISIS and al-Qaida, we continue to have all necessary power to detain terrorists—wherever we chase them down, wherever we find them. And in many cases, for them, it will now be Guantanamo Bay. At the same time, as of a few months ago, our warriors in Afghanistan have new rules of engagement. Along with their heroic Afghan partners, our mili-tary is no longer undermined by artifi-cial timelines, and we no longer tell our enemies our plans. Last month, I also took an action en-dorsed unanimously by the U.S. Senate just months before: I recognized Jeru-salem as the capital of Israel. Shortly afterwards, dozens of coun-tries voted in the United Nations Gen-eral Assembly against America’s sov-ereign right to make this decision. In 2016, American taxpayers generously sent those same countries more than $20 billion in aid. That is why, tonight, I am asking Congress to pass legislation to help en-sure American foreign-assistance dol-lars always serve American interests and only go to friends of America, not enemies of America. As we strengthen friendships all around the world, we are also restoring clarity about our adversaries. When the people of Iran rose up against the crimes of their corrupt dic-tatorship, I did not stay silent. Amer-ica stands with the people of Iran in their courageous struggle for freedom. I am asking Congress to address the fundamental flaws in the terrible Iran nuclear deal. My administration has also imposed tough sanctions on the communist and socialist dictatorships in Cuba and Venezuela. But no regime has oppressed its own citizens more totally or brutally than the cruel dictatorship in North Korea. North Korea’s reckless pursuit of nu-clear missiles could very soon threaten our homeland. We are waging a cam-paign of maximum pressure to prevent that from ever happening. Past experience has taught us that complacency and concessions only in-vite aggression and provocation. I will not repeat the mistakes of past admin-istrations that got us into this very dangerous position. We need only look at the depraved character of the North Korean regime to understand the nature of the nuclear threat it could pose to America and to our allies. Otto Warmbier was a hardworking student at the University of Virginia, and a great student he was. On his way to study abroad in Asia, Otto joined a tour to North Korea. At its conclusion, this wonderful young man was arrested and charged with crimes against the state. After a shameful trial, the dicta-torship sentenced Otto to 15 years of hard labor before returning him to America last June—horribly injured and on the verge of death. He passed away just days after his return. Otto’s wonderful parents, Fred and Cindy Warmbier, are here with us to-night, along with Otto’s brother and sister, Austin and Greta—incredible people. You are powerful witnesses to a menace that threatens our world, and your strength truly inspires us all. Thank you very much. Tonight, we pledge to honor Otto’s memory with total American resolve. Finally, we are joined by one more witness to the ominous nature of this regime. His name is Mr. Ji Seong-ho. In 1996, Seong-ho was a starving boy in North Korea. One day, he tried to steal coal from a railroad car to barter for a few scraps of food which were very hard to get. In the process, he passed out on the train tracks, exhausted from hun-ger. He woke up as a train ran over his limbs. He then endured multiple ampu-tations without anything to dull the pain or the hurt. His brother and sister gave what little food they had to help him recover and ate dirt themselves— permanently stunting their own growth. Later, he was tortured by North Korean authorities after return-ing from a brief visit to China. His tor-mentors wanted to know if he had met any Christians. He had; and he resolved after that to be free. Seong-ho traveled thousands of miles on crutches all across China and Southeast Asia to freedom. Most of his family followed. His father was caught trying to escape and was tortured to death. Today he lives in Seoul, where he rescues other defectors, and broad-casts into North Korea what the re-gime fears most—the truth. Today he has a new leg. But, Seong- ho, I understand you still keep those old crutches as a reminder of how far you have come. Your great sacrifice is an inspiration to us all. Thank you. Seong-ho’s story is a testament to the yearning of every human soul to live in freedom. It was that same yearning for free-dom that nearly 250 years ago gave birth to a special place called America. It was a small cluster of colonies caught between a great ocean and a vast wilderness. It was home to an in-credible people with a revolutionary idea: that they could rule themselves, that they could chart their own des-tiny, and that, together, they could light up the entire world. That is what our country has always been about. That is what Americans have always stood for, always strived for, and always done. Atop the dome of this Capitol stands the Statue of Freedom. She stands tall and dignified among the monuments to our ancestors who fought and lived and died to protect her—monuments to Washington and Jefferson, to Lincoln and King. They are memorials to the heroes of Yorktown and Saratoga—to the young Americans who shed their blood on the shores of Normandy and the fields be-yond, and others who went down in the waters of the Pacific and the skies all over Asia. And freedom stands tall over one more monument: this one—this Cap-itol, this living monument. This is the monument to the American people. We are a people whose heroes live not only in the past, but all around us—de-fending hope and pride and defending the American way. They work in every trade. They sac-rifice to raise a family. They care for our children at home. They defend our flag abroad. They are strong moms and brave kids. They are firefighters, police officers, border agents, medics, and marines. But above all else, they are Americans. And this Capitol, this city, this Nation, belong entirely to them. Our task is to respect them, to listen to them, to serve them, to protect them, and to always be worthy of them. Americans fill the world with art and music. They push the bounds of science and discovery, and they forever remind us of what we should never ever forget: the people dreamed this country, the people built this country, and it is the people who are making America great again. As long as we are proud of who we are and what we are fighting for, there is nothing we cannot achieve. As long as we have confidence in our values, faith in our citizens, and trust in our God, we will never fail. Our fam-ilies will thrive. Our people will pros-per. And our Nation will forever be safe and strong and proud and mighty and free. Thank you, and God bless America. Good night. (Applause, the Members rising.) At 10 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m., the President of the United States, ac-companied by the committee of escort, retired from the Hall of the House of Representatives. The Assistant to the Sergeant at Arms escorted the invited guests from the Chamber in the following order: The members of the President’s Cabi-net; the Chief Justice of the United States and the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court; the Dean of the Diplomatic Corps. The SPEAKER. The Chair declares the joint session of the two Houses now dissolved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.057 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H731 January 30, 2018 
Accordingly, at 10 o’clock and 38 minutes p.m., the joint session of the two Houses was dissolved. The Members of the Senate retired to their Chamber. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 30, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on January 30, 2018, at 4:58 p.m.: That the Senate concurs in House of Rep-resentatives amendment to the bill S. 534. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 4708. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
MESSAGE OF THE PRESIDENT RE-FERRED TO THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE HOUSE ON THE STATE OF THE UNION Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the message of the President be referred to the Whole House of the state of the Union and ordered printed. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 10 o’clock and 39 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Friday, Feb-ruary 2, 2018, at 4:30 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3857. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a determination that a public health emergency exists nationwide as a re-sult of the consequences of the opioid crisis, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 247d(a); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 319(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 107-188, Sec. 144(a)); (116 Stat. 630); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3858. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report on Assessment of Solid-State Lighting, Phase Two, pursuant to Public Law 110-140, Sec. 321(h)(3); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3859. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3860. A letter from the Director, Financial Reporting and Internal Controls, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Fiscal Year 2017 Annual Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Pub-lic Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3861. A letter from the Director, White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmitting a notification of an action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3862. A letter from the Director, White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmitting a notification of an action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3863. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification of an action on a nomination and a notifica-tion of discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3864. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification on a nomination and a notification on an ac-tion on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3865. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification on a nomination and a notification of an ac-tion on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3866. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification of a nomination and a notification of an ac-tion on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3867. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a notification of a federal vacancy and designation of act-ing officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Pub-lic Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3868. A letter from the Staff Director, United States Commission on Civil Rights, transmitting the Commission’s Fiscal Year 2017 Performance and Accountability Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services; H.R. 3299. A bill to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain un-changed after transfer of the loan, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–538). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 620. A bill to amend the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through education, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the com-mencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–539). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. D
ONOVAN , and Mr. N ORMAN ): H.R. 4896. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide States with limited authority to reduce the frequency with which qualified law enforcement officers must meet firearm training standards in order to be eligible to carry a concealed fire-arm; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. L
OBIONDO (for himself, Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK ): H.R. 4897. A bill to require a study on women and lung cancer, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Ms. ROSEN (for herself, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida): H.R. 4898. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend authorities relating to homeless veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. P
AYNE , and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 4899. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants for treatment of heroin, opioids, cocaine, meth-amphetamine, 3,4-methyl-enedioxymethamphet-amine (ecstasy), and phency-clidine (PCP) abuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. H
OYER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland): H.R. 4900. A bill to authorize additional funding for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York): H.R. 4901. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to treat flame-throwers the same as machineguns; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 4902. A bill to amend the Water Infra-structure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 to provide to State infrastructure financing authorities additional opportunities to re-ceive loans under that Act to support drink-ing water and clean water State revolving funds to deliver water infrastructure to com-munities across the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30JA7.059 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH732 January 30, 2018 
for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. N
ORCROSS ): H.R. 4903. A bill to direct the Comptroller General to conduct a study and submit a re-port to Congress on best practices in use by Federal departments and agencies to reduce opioid usage following medical procedures; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. L
AHOOD: H.R. 4904. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to allow producers to file a one- time program contract for certain programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia (for himself and Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas): H.R. 4905. A bill to provide for improve-ments to National Flood Insurance Program rate maps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York): H.R. 4906. A bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to prohibit the use of questions on citizenship, nationality, or immigration status in any decennial census, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. RUSH (for himself, Mr. P
AL-
LONE , and Mrs. B USTOS ): H.R. 4907. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a grant program to assist eligible entities in carrying out programs to replace lead service lines for schools and solder that is not lead free used in the plumbing for schools, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RUSH (for himself, Mr. P
AL-
LONE , and Mrs. B USTOS ): H.R. 4908. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to provide assistance to schools to replace drinking water fountains that may contain lead, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. RUTHERFORD (for himself, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. K IL-
MER, and Mr. D EUTCH ): H.R. 4909. A bill to reauthorize the grant program for school security in the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for himself and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia): H.R. 4910. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial recep-tacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 4911. A bill to establish a Joint Com-mission on Budget Process Reform; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CHENEY: H. Res. 719. A resolution electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. D
OGGETT , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. SEANPATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. R USH, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mrs. B
LACK , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-gia, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. L
EE, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-bama, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. J
UDY CHU of California, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. E VANS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. K
USTOFF of Ten-nessee, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. N
EAL, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, and Mr. C LEAVER ): H. Res. 720. A resolution recognizing the coordinated struggle of workers on the 50th anniversary of the 1968 Memphis sanitation workers strike to voice their grievances and reach a collective agreement for rights in the workplace; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BACON: H.R. 4896. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 provides Con-gress with the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. L
OBIONDO: H.R. 4897. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 4898. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers, and all other pow-ers vested by this Constitution in the gov-ernment of the United States, or in any de-partment or officer thereof. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4899. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 4900. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 4901. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 4902. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Power, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 4903. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers and all Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. By Mr. LAHOOD: H.R. 4904. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 4905. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4906. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 2 of article I of the Con-stitution. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 4907. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 4908. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RUTHERFORD: H.R. 4909. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 4910. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 4911. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30JA7.100 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H733 January 30, 2018 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 217: Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 365: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 389: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 586: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 656: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 664: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 731: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 754: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 785: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 807: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 853: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 866: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 1017: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 1027: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 1078: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1141: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1144: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1173: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1192: Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 1203: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 1204: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1227: Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1298: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1339: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 1341: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 1419: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 1458: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1554: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 1627: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1772: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B LUM, Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 1970: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 1972: Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. G ALLAGHER . H.R. 2019: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 2077: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2095: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2149: Mr. L
AMALFA and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 2215: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. V
ARGAS , and Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 2260: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2310: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 2436: Mr. D
ENHAM and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 2472: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2528: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2550: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2583: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2634: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2683: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 2712: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 2723: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 2790: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2899: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 2996: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 3199: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 3252: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 3301: Mrs. D
EMINGS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 3350: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 3361: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 3444: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 3477: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3497: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3513: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 3563: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 3580: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 3593: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK and Mr. P ALM-
ER. H.R. 3641: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 3654: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. R USH, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. B EYER , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. E VANS , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. K
IHUEN , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 3671: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3692: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK . H.R. 3730: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 3738: Mr. M
OULTON and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 3740: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 3773: Ms. E
SHOO and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 3878: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3981: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 4016: Mr. R
OUZER and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4022: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C
RIST, Mr. C OOK, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 4099: Mr. C
OLE, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4115: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 4203: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4215: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 4229: Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. K
IND. H.R. 4265: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4306: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4311: Mr. H
UDSON , Ms. T ENNEY , and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 4312: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. S AMJOHN-
SONof Texas, and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 4314: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 4327: Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 4345: Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. P OSEY , Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 4396: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 4397: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4403: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. W
ALDEN , and Mr. B UCSHON . H.R. 4439: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 4444: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 4473: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 4492: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 4518: Mr. K
EATING , Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. R
USH, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. N
ADLER , and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER . H.R. 4525: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 4547: Mr. L
AHOODand Mr. C URTIS . H.R. 4548: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 4573: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 4575: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 4587: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 4610: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 4631: Ms. STEFANIK , Ms. F OXX, and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 4655: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 4666: Mr. L
ONGand Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 4673: Mrs. L
OVE, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 4677: Mr. N
EALand Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 4681: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 4703: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 4706: Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 4724: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 4732: Mr. N
ORMAN and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 4744: Mrs. T
ORRES and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 4747: Mr. L
AMBORN and Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 4760: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky and Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 4782: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4820: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. S PEIER , and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4821: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. K
ATKO , and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 4827: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C
RIST, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. D EMINGS , and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4840: Mr. Y
OHO, Ms. F RANKEL of Flor- ida, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. M AST, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R
UTHERFORD , and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 4855: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4859: Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. L
EE, Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4885: Ms. K
APTUR and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 4888: Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. K
IHUEN , and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 4889: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 4894: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. F ERGUSON , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. R
OSKAM . H. Con. Res. 59: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H. Con. Res. 63: Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. M
CNERNEY , and Mr. P
ANETTA . H. Res. 188: Mr. R
USHand Mr. R UIZ. H. Res. 239: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H. Res. 252: Mr. P
AYNE . H. Res. 353: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H. Res. 401: Ms. K
APTUR and Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR . H. Res. 466: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR . H. Res. 613: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H. Res. 661: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K HANNA , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. R ASKIN . H. Res. 673: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H. Res. 683: Mrs. D
INGELL . H. Res. 697: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 707: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. C
RIST, Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . H. Res. 711: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. G ARRETT . H. Res. 716: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H. Res. 717: Mr. B
UDD. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA7.019 H30JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S557 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 2018 No. 20 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, the Earth belongs to You and everything in it. Even when wrong seems overwhelming, You con-tinue to rule. Create in our lawmakers a hunger and thirst for integrity and honesty. Give them pure hearts and truthful lips, accompanied by a passion to glorify You. Lord, provide them wisdom to live for the honor of Your Name as they re-member that they are Your ambas-sadors. May they look to You for help, knowing that You surround them with the shield of Your Divine favor. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
STATE OF THE UNION ADDRESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this evening, President Trump will deliver his first State of the Union Address. As tens of millions of Americans tune in, he will continue a time-honored tradi-tion by taking stock of the past year and laying out his vision for the future. For anyone who has been reading the headlines over the last year and paying attention to the issues that directly impact middle-class families, the state of our Union will not come as a sur-prise. Unemployment is low and consumer confidence is high. The news is packed with all the pay raises, special bonuses, expanded benefits, and new invest-ments that are flowing into American households and communities because of a landmark tax reform law that Con-gress passed and the President signed in December. Hundreds of companies have an-nounced that a more competitive tax code is allowing them to quickly ramp up the amount they can invest in their own American workers. This includes some of our country’s largest employ-ers. Walmart is increasing its starting wage for all hourly associates, expand-ing maternity and parental leave, and giving $1,000 bonuses to its own em-ployees. Disney, AT&T, and Bank of America are giving $1,000 tax reform bonuses to more than 100,000 workers each. The list goes on. It is not just the big guys who are benefiting. Yesterday afternoon, here on the floor, I talked about Verst Logistics in Walton, KY, which paid its full-time workers bonuses as a result of tax re-form. I shared the story of a woman who works for Verst. She fought back tears as she explained what this bonus would do for her family. Money had gotten tight around the holidays, but while she and her husband had saved enough to give their five children a merry Christmas, mom and dad were planning to go without gifts of their own. But because Congress seized this opportunity to modernize our Tax Code, she got her very own tax reform bonus. With that extra money she and her husband were able to buy each other Christmas presents after all and enjoy a nice dinner out, to boot. I can share these stories all day. I am so proud that Congress and the Presi-dent teamed up to take money out of Washington’s pocket and put it back in the pockets of hard-working Americans who earned it. Some of our Democratic colleagues don’t seem to feel that way. They all voted against a law that would raise take-home pay for American families, who have spent a decade struggling not just to get ahead but oftentimes to simply stay afloat. Several have made news in recent days by scoffing at these bonuses, pay raises, and new ben-efits. My friends the Democratic leaders in both the Senate and the House have both used the word ‘‘crumbs’’— ‘‘crumbs.’’ One of their colleagues, the former chair of the DNC, said she doesn’t think $1,000 ‘‘goes very far for almost anyone.’’ So $1,000 doesn’t go far for almost anyone? That might be true in New York or San Francisco, but it sure isn’t true in Kentucky. I think taking that argument to most kitchen tables would get you laughed out of the room. Of course, the immediate raises, bo-nuses, and worker benefits are far from the whole story. Tax reform will also deliver direct relief to middle-class families across America by cutting our tax rates and doubling the standard de-duction. A typical family of four earning a median income will get to keep more than $2,000 of their own money that they would have otherwise sent to the IRS next year. Furthermore, the law repeals ObamaCare’s punitive individual man-date tax, and soon many Americans are likely to see lower utility rates as util-ity companies pass along their savings to consumers. Just yesterday, two major Kentucky utilities asked the Kentucky Public Service Commission for permission to pass $180 million in tax reform savings on to their customers, which could lower their bills this year. That is par-ticularly important to low-income families, because paying their utility 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.000 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES558 January 30, 2018 
bill is a big percentage of any of their take-home pay. We are already seeing early signs that tax reform will create an environ-ment where wages will be higher and opportunity will be more abundant for years, even decades, to come. President Trump and Republicans in Congress understand that when you make America a more attractive place to invest and create jobs, you are help-ing American families and commu-nities. We understand that the myth of an ‘‘us versus them’’ economy, where em-ployers must lose for workers to win, is nothing more than a divisive political talking point with no basis in econom-ics. That is why we seized this genera-tional opportunity to provide a 21st century tax code that will give our country a fairer fight with our com-petitors overseas. We are already see-ing new factories announced and new investments pouring into our country as a result. Tax reform is far from the only way this President and this Congress have gone to bat for the future of our coun-try. We have taken a machete to the forest of redtape that the Obama ad-ministration left behind. To name just three examples, Con-gress and the White House have teamed up to roll back regulations that threat-ened hundreds of thousands of coal jobs, required States to give grants to Planned Parenthood, and had need-lessly blocked oil exploration in a small portion of Federal land in Alas-ka. After the Senate confirmed President Trump’s Cabinet, from Secretary Mattis at the Pentagon to Adminis-trator Pruitt at the EPA, these fine of-ficials have notched achievement after achievement for the American people, laying the groundwork for a stronger and safer nation. We have made major progress for American veterans, like Cpl Matthew Bradford of Central Kentucky, a true American hero who will be attending tonight as a guest of the First Lady. Congress has passed and the Presi-dent has signed laws that will help our veterans access the healthcare options they need and the employment train-ing programs they deserve. We have much more to do for our heroes, but these first steps are indeed promising. We have taken big steps in the war against addiction and the scourge of opioids, an issue that is deeply per-sonal for far, far too many American families. In just his first year in office, the President has begun to transform the Federal judiciary. President Trump had more new circuit court judges con-firmed in his first year than any prior President, a testimony to the fine qual-ity of the nominees he sends here to the Senate, and we will vote to confirm another excellent judge later today. And the President rose to the occasion of a Supreme Court vacancy by filling it with a brilliant and experienced ju-rist in Justice Gorsuch. On all of these fronts—from middle- class Americans’ pocketbooks to the ongoing fight against ISIL—there is more good news than I can begin to re-cite this morning. I very much look forward to attend-ing the State of the Union tonight and hearing from our President. On behalf of all the Americans we represent— men and women from coast to coast who are seeing the economy turn around and their country grow strong-er before their eyes—I am glad there will be so much to applaud. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING ELDER VON G . KEETCH  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise to honor the life of my friend Elder Von G. Keetch, legal counsel and leader in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints. His passing on Friday evening was sudden and unexpected, and I wish to extend my condolences to his family during this difficult time. Elder Keetch served as a general au-thority and executive director of the LDS Church’s Public Affairs Depart-ment. He helped to shape community and government relations for the church as a recognized expert in con-stitutional law. His career was devoted to defending religious liberty for all re-ligious institutions. His insight was particularly salient during this ever- changing world. As his daughter Steffani Keetch Dastrup said, ‘‘He wanted to defend and support all churches and all religious beliefs and all people’s rights to believe and act the way they feel is right. That was a big part of his work.’’ I consider it a privilege to have worked alongside Elder Keetch over the past several years. I was able to witness firsthand the love he had for his wife, the pride he had in his chil-dren, and the devotion he had for the Gospel of Jesus Christ. I am grateful for his guidance, for his counsel, and for his friendship. His humble expertise and kind de-meanor will be sorely missed by all those who knew him. His legacy of faith and love will bless his family for generations to come. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. REMEMBERING ED LORENZEN  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise with great sadness to remember Ed-ward Lorenzen, who, along with his 4- year-old son Michael, perished this weekend in a house fire. Ed was invaluable to my staff during last year’s tax reform debate. The Washington Post honored his contribu-tions to Congress, saying: ‘‘Quietly and intelligently, Mr. Lorenzen provided objective, reliable fiscal information, even—or especially—when facts and figures were the last thing wishful thinkers in Washington [or the govern-ment] wanted to face.’’ The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, where Ed served as a senior adviser, said: ‘‘He was a brilliant budget mind—his guidance and exper-tise is a void that cannot be filled.’’ The committee also remembered his deep love for his children, saying: ‘‘We worked every day with a kind, loving man who cherished his three kids, bringing them to the office on occasion and lighting up in their presence and at the sound of their names.’’ I cannot imagine the grief Ed and Mi-chael’s family and loved ones face. I would like to extend my deepest sym-pathies to them during this difficult time. May we all hold our families a little closer today. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
STATE OF THE UNION ADDRESS  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, to-night the President will address a joint session of Congress in his first official State of the Union. I want to talk about what I expect the President to say and also what I suspect he will not. The President will be eager to defend the accomplishments of his nascent ad-ministration and take credit for a healthy American economy, pointing to low unemployment, job growth, and a soaring stock market, but the truth is, these trends were present before Donald Trump took office. President Trump was handed an already healthy economy by his predecessor. Like many things in his life, he inherited the healthy economy. Here are two words we will not hear President Trump say tonight about the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.001 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S559 January 30, 2018 
economy—thanks, Obama—because much of the growth in 2017 was created by President Obama’s policies and, by many measures, the growth under President Obama was better than under President Trump. Under President Obama, employment was driven from over 10 percent down into the fours. The tightening of the labor market finally started to reverse the stagnancy of median income. The stock market President Trump often touts on Twitter was booming under President Obama as well. In President Trump’s first year, the economy created 2.06 million jobs. That is less than the 2.24 million jobs cre-ated in 2016, the last year of Obama’s term. Again, President Trump, President Obama created more jobs in the last year of his term than you created in the first year of yours. So if you are going to pat yourself on the back, give a shout out to Barack Obama because he did even better than you in job cre-ation. In 2017, under President Trump, aver-age monthly job growth was lower than in 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012, and 2011, all under President Obama. Again, President Trump, job growth in the first year of your term was less than in each of the last 6 years of President Obama’s term. How about the stock market. In the first 6 months of 2017, the percentage growth of the S&P 500 was lower than during the first 6 months of President Obama’s term. In the first year of the Trump Presidency, the percentage growth of the Dow was lower than dur-ing the first year of President Obama. So, again, here are two words we would like President Trump to say to-night about the economy: Thanks, Obama. We may never hear President Trump say those words, but he ought to. I also expect the President to speak about bipartisanship. President Trump understands there is a very low bar when it comes to the topic. His first year in office has been so divisive, even a mere appeal to bipartisanship sounds like progress, but the proof will be in the pudding. Will President Trump pur-sue real bipartisanship through his ac-tions or will he fall back on empty rhetoric? When it comes to bipartisan-ship, President Trump has to walk the walk, not just talk the talk intermit-tently. Mr. President, when it comes to bipartisanship, actions speak a whole lot louder than words. I would remind President Trump that this has been one of the most partisan administrations many of us have ever worked with. I have worked under President Reagan, President H.W. Bush, and President W. Bush—all Re-publicans. All of them were legions more bipartisan than President Trump’s first year. What have we seen? An assembly line of partisan CRAs designed not to need a single Democratic vote; a Supreme Court Justice picked by the hard-right Heritage Foundation and Federalist Society, no consultation, not a con-sensus nominee; a partisan healthcare bill that failed under reconciliation, specifically designed not to include Democrats; a partisan tax bill that ul-timately passed, also under reconcili-ation—no consultation with Demo-crats, not a single Democratic vote. The reason these don’t get Demo-cratic votes is President Trump and his administration don’t talk to us. They don’t ask us what we might suggest. They don’t try to create a bipartisan meld which great Presidents have done from the time of George Washington; they just act in a narrow, partisan way, and the American people know it. There has been hardly a shred of bi-partisanship in the Trump era, despite our many appeals for it. The President and congressional Republicans seem to think that bipartisanship happens when one side puts together a bill, pounds the table, and demands the other side support the bill, with no ne-gotiation, no compromise. They are missing the step where they consult with the other side and work with the other side to earn their sup-port. That is the hard work of legis-lating in our democracy, but this ad-ministration eschews hard work. The Republican majority and the White House have been content to craft legis-lation on their own, demand Democrats support it, and then label us obstruc-tionists when, without consultation, without compromise, we don’t. That dynamic is the root of the ineffective-ness and gridlock in Congress. I sin-cerely hope that changes. If the President calls for bipartisan-ship tonight, I welcome it. But we ea-gerly await action, not just a sound bite in a speech. We await the honest debate, the good faith give-and-take, and the eventual compromise that are the actual hallmarks of bipartisanship. If those things arise, even though they haven’t in the first year, Democrats will gladly work with our Republican colleagues and the White House to get things done for the middle class. But we need to see it to believe it. Mere words in a speech tonight will not cre-ate bipartisanship; actions will. Finally, here is something that President Trump should discuss to-night: Russia sanctions. He ought to impose the sanctions, as Congress voted for in an overwhelmingly bipar-tisan fashion, or at least explain why he hasn’t done so yet. We call on Presi-dent Trump in the State of the Union to tell Americans that he will support the sanctions 90 percent of America supports or tell us why he will not. Over a year ago, the U.S. intelligence community concluded that Russian President Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. Presidential election. That is a fact. That is a fact that is shocking. A hos-tile foreign power interfered with an American election and likely influ-enced it in measurable ways. The Founders of our country feared this very possibility. They knew that for a democracy to work, the election of the people’s representatives must be free, fair, and legitimate, and that foreign powers, even back then, would try to corrupt the process. They wrote safe-guards into the Constitution to protect it. Last year, the American people were the victim of such an attack by an an-tagonistic foreign power: Russia. I call on President Trump tonight to use his State of the Union to tell Americans what he plans to do about Russian at-tacks on our democracy. Implement sanctions, President Trump, or at the very least tell us why you haven’t. Today is the day the President is supposed to obey the sanctions issue Congress voted on overwhelmingly a while back. There is no subject more worthy of a thorough and unbiased in-vestigation than the Russian inter-ference in our elections. Yet the Presi-dent and his allies have waged a scorched-earth campaign to discredit the investigation in any way possible— by assassinating the character of ca-reer civil servants, assailing the credi-bility of the media, attacking our own law enforcement agencies and officers, even denigrating the institutions of American Government. The White House and congressional Republicans’ attacks on Mueller and his investigation make you believe it was taking place in a banana republic, Erdogan’s Turkey, or Putin’s Russia, not in the United States of America. What has been done by House Repub-licans and gone along with by just about the whole Republican establish-ment is not worthy of this democracy. It makes us look like a banana repub-lic, and it is shameful. A different kind of President would be encouraging Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation and shouting down those forces who tried to inter-fere with it. A different kind of Presi-dent would want to know how precisely Russia meddled in our election and would have severely punished Putin for it to discourage him from ever trying it again. Here we are, 180 days since the Presi-dent signed the historic Russia sanc-tions bill passed by this body by a vote of 97 to 2, and he hasn’t even imple-mented those sanctions. He is supposed to do it today, the day of the State of the Union. Again, Mr. President, implement the sanctions tonight, or at least tell the American people why you are not, opening an invitation to Russia to do it again. Why won’t Donald Trump use the power given to him by a near-unani-mous vote in Congress to hold Russia accountable? The administration refused to imple-ment secondary sanctions against the Russian defense and intelligence sec-tors. Last night, the administration re-leased a mandated report of Russian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.004 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES560 January 30, 2018 
oligarchs that seems to match a list al-ready put together by Forbes maga-zine. This is a reflection of the lack of seriousness with which they took up this task. When it comes to sanctions, the White House has engaged in a dan-gerous Kabuki theater that tries to show strength when in fact there is none. These actions are not good enough. They are for show. Why is the President so afraid to sanction Putin, his associates, or other corrupt Russian actors and officials? Why is President Trump giving Putin a free pass after he attacked our democ-racy? What is he so afraid of? The American people are asking that ques-tion, and they have their answers. Only a year after a hostile foreign power shook the very bedrock of our democracy, any other President would spend his first State of the Union talk-ing about efforts that were underway to punish the abuser and prevent such an attack from ever recurring. Why not this President? If President Trump wishes to save his Presidency from the shame of having failed to address one of the gravest threats threatening our country, he will announce this evening in no uncer-tain terms that he is sanctioning Presi-dent Putin. Any other President would have already made it their priority to take decisive action in their first year, but this President is paralyzed when it comes to Putin and his cronies in Rus-sia. Here are two words the President may not say tonight: ‘‘Russia sanc-tions’’—but he ought to. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
HONORING SHERIFF ’S DEPUTY HEATH GUMM  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise to speak about a horrible tragedy that occurred in Adams County, CO, on Jan-uary 24, just last week. Adams County sheriff’s deputy Heath Gumm was pur-suing a suspect when he was shot and killed in the line of duty. Heath was 31 years old and is sur-vived by his wife and other loving fam-ily members. He had served with the Adams County Sheriff’s Office since 2012, which was not a surprise to those who knew him best, because of his up-bringing. He grew up in a family of first re-sponders. His father is a retired West Metro Fire Protection District engi-neer. So his teachers and classmates who knew Heath as a student at Mullen High School, in Denver, were not shocked to learn that he had decided to become a law enforcement officer. As reported by the Denver Post, Heath’s ninth grade English teacher, Sean Keefe, said: 
By all accounts, he lived his life as a grown man as he did as a kid. He was a good guy. That didn’t change. That only got more ac-centuated as he grew up. He lifted his friends. He made his friends the best version of themselves, and they did that to him as well. Heath’s cousin remembers him as the ‘‘kind of man you wanted out there protecting our streets. He was kind, fair, funny and friendly to everyone.’’ Keefe went on to remember Heath as ‘‘someone people gravitated towards, and he was someone who people could count on.’’ It is these qualities that made Heath such an incredible sheriff’s deputy. At a press conference last Thursday, Adams County sheriff Michael McIntosh read parts of a letter he had received from a stranded motorist whom Heath had recently helped when he was out on patrol. The resident wrote: ‘‘Heath made the interaction enjoyable and easy to get through instead of acting like I was in trouble or a nuisance.’’ Heath showed what it means to be a law enforcement officer who selflessly serves and protects a community. He went to work each and every day— ready to walk that thin blue line. When we lose an officer in Colorado, I come to this Chamber to honor his sacrifice and recite the words of LTC Dave Grossman, who wrote that Amer-ican law enforcement is the loyal and brave sheepdog who is always standing watch for the wolf that lurks in the dark. Unfortunately, many in this Cham-ber have heard me read that quote far too often in the last weeks. Across Colorado and across the coun-try, we owe so much to Heath and law enforcement officers for their service. Instead of fleeing to safety, they run toward danger to save lives. They pro-vide hope and safety to our families in the worst of times. I thank Heath for answering the call. He protected his community. I, along with Coloradans across the State, are forever grateful. We will never forget his sacrifice, and we will always honor his memory. We also lost a sheriff’s deputy on New Year’s Eve in Colorado, just a few weeks before. In a tribute to him, I read something that former State Rep-resentative Joe Rice had written dur-ing his service in the Army. I think it is appropriate to share it now because, each and every day they wake up, I know the thoughts of many in law en-forcement are reflected in the words of Representative Joe Rice: 
In a few hours, it will be Christmas in Af-ghanistan. I spent 3 Christmas Days in Iraq. Only on one of them did I have to go out on Christmas Day, itself. I found myself praying that I didn’t want to die this day and ruin every future Christmas for my family. I real-ize that most of the other soldiers I was with were quietly or openly saying the same thing. So, for all of those around the world who are in harm’s way, we pray with you: Please God, just not today. 
To our men and women in law en-forcement, please know that I pray with you each and every day: Please God, just not this day. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). The Senator from Florida. DISASTER AID  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I am ab-solutely shocked that FEMA has an-nounced that on Wednesday it will stop distributing food and water to Puerto Rico. Cutting this aid to the people of Puerto Rico, while still almost a third of them do not have electricity, is un-conscionable and a travesty. I urge the administration to reverse this disastrous decision immediately and to continue providing the people of Puerto Rico with the help they need as they are trying to recover from two disastrous hurricanes. This Senator has been speaking on the floor over and over of their des-perate needs, but here I am again to re-mind our colleagues that Puerto Ricans are American citizens, that they are just like the people of any State, including those in the States of Kentucky, Texas, Wyoming, and in so many of the other States where needs might be forgotten. They are our fellow countrymen, and they deserve the same care and protection that we would provide any other citizen in his time of need. They have supplied some of the greatest warriors of our U.S. military in World War I, World War II, Korea, and on up to the present. If the people of any other State were being neglected like the people of Puer-to Rico have been in the wake of this storm, there would be an absolute out-rage in this Senate. The people of Puer-to Rico need help, but they are not the only ones. Millions of people were af-fected by the storms that hit last year in my State of Florida, in the State of Texas, in, of course, the U.S. Virgin Is-lands, and in Puerto Rico, and many were affected by the wildfires in Cali-fornia. Right now, many of them are des-perately waiting for the Senate to act on a disaster supplemental package to help them recover. We are trying to pass it, and it keeps getting shuffled off into the future. We are trying to add to the supplemental—the necessary dis-aster aid that is needed in agriculture, particularly for the citrus industry in Florida—the financial assistance that is needed in Puerto Rico. I hope our colleagues in the Senate will under-stand the urgency of this matter. We cannot keep pushing this off into the future. The need to act is now. In addition, people in Florida are struggling. We should not neglect what is happening on the mainland. It is true in Texas. It is true in California. It is true in Florida. It is true on the islands. The storm destroyed homes and damaged apartments all around Florida, but we haven’t seen any real attempt to address the housing needs of the hurricane victims in the State— by the way, including those coming to Florida from Puerto Rico. Florida received about $600 million out of the $7.4 billion, which was made available in the CDBG-DR, in the Sep-tember supplemental. What percentage is that of $7.4 billion? It is much less than 10 percent. It defies comprehen-sion. Florida was one of the places that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.005 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S561 January 30, 2018 
was the hardest hit last year. Hurri-cane Irma virtually covered up the en-tire peninsula of Florida. It wreaked havoc all across the State. Add to that the aftereffects of Hurricane Maria, with thousands fleeing Puerto Rico and going to Florida, and we have a real housing crisis on our hands. The $600 million, which is to help those who have been left bare by two of the most devastating storms to hit the country in decades, is a drop in the bucket. We should be able to get people the help they need in the time they need it. It is required now—not a year later, not 6 months later, but now. Schools in Florida have been stretched thin in their having enrolled nearly 12,000 students who have evacu-ated Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Every child has a right to a quality education, but the school sys-tems cannot do it on their own, not after a natural disaster. Dealing with such a large influx of students in a short period requires extra resources. The House has passed a package that includes $2.9 billion for education fund-ing. We desperately need it. The schools and students need this aid now. We cannot keep kicking the can down the road. Their educations cannot wait. You cannot keep relying on teachers to go out and get the extra supplies for them. I mentioned our citrus growers. The industry has already been devastated by a bacteria called greening. When it gets into the phloem sap of the tree, it kills the tree in 5 years. We are not going to have a citrus industry if we can’t find the cure for that. With the extra care of the groves, they have been able to nurture back crops. So here are all of these crops of oranges and grapefruit on the trees, and along comes Irma. In some groves, not only have 100 percent of the crops been blown off the trees, but the trees have been uprooted. That is why we des-perately need the money—to clean up and replant. The farmers in Florida suffered at least $2.5 billion in losses when Hurri-cane Irma tore through the State, and that included a lot of our citrus. Citrus alone experienced $760 million in losses. That is on top of the difficulties that they were having already with the bacteria. The USDA is estimating that Florida growers will only harvest 46 million boxes this season. Get this: 10 years ago, there were 203 million boxes of cit-rus harvested. A decade before that, there were 244 million boxes of oranges harvested. For months our farmers have been told to wait their turn. Some of them are going bankrupt. They have waited long enough. They need the help now. We just have to act on this dis-aster bill. Additionally, it has been over 100 days since Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico. Over 30 percent of the island re-mains without power, and parts of the island still lack running water. Some people have running water still, but they cannot drink it. They have to boil it. When I was there in the little moun-tain town of Utuado, the source of water about 2 weeks after the hurri-cane—with the roads cut off, the only source of outside help was by heli-copter, and the running water that they had was from a pipe that was coming out of the mountain, the moun-tain water draining down. I don’t want to mince words here. We have a full- blown humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico right now. My colleague, M
ARCO  R
UBIO from Florida, has been there also, and he is here to testify to the same thing. As a result, recent estimates suggest that over 300,000 Puerto Ricans may have moved to Florida. Some are fortu-nate enough to move in with relatives, but others are living in motels that line the I–4 corridor. Some are living out of their cars. This is absolutely heartbreaking. How can we fail fellow American citizens like this? Yet, given the current situation, the administra-tion thinks that now, today, is the ap-propriate time to cut off food and water for the people of Puerto Rico. There is no common sense here. FEMA needs to continue to provide food and water to the island until, at the very least, all of the island has ac-cess to potable water and electricity. They are suffering, and while the ad-ministration is trying to abandon the responsibility of the United States to Puerto Rico, the House aid package shortchanges recovery efforts on the is-land. We must enhance it in the Senate package. For instance, it fails to address the current Medicaid crisis that is just a month away. If nothing is done, Puerto Rico’s Medicaid Program is going to run out of money. Congress must act; otherwise, over 1 million U.S. citizens will be denied healthcare coverage when they need it the most. It has been over a month since the House passed the disaster bill. We haven’t seen any action. The longer we wait, the more people suffer. It is clear the government is not working the way it should. We need to turn the corner, and it needs to start with this disaster bill being bumped up in the Senate and then quickly passed. I beg our colleagues, and Senator M
ARCO RUBIO joins me: Let’s take up this bill. Let’s fix the deficiencies, and let’s pass it immediately. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I want to begin by thanking Senator N
ELSON , the senior Senator from our State, for once again raising this on the floor. I am glad to be able to follow him and to make many of the same points about the importance of acting on this. The Presiding Officer is from a State that has been impacted by storms. He knows that long after the cameras leave and long after the stories have been written, real people’s lives have been disrupted, sometimes perma-nently, certainly in ways that we don’t think about. We have come to think about hurricane damage as roofs being ripped off of buildings and trees in the road, and once those are picked up, ev-erything is back to normal. What we don’t recognize is that underneath all of that is the long-term damage done to a small business that went 2 weeks without any sort of income, so they closed. There is the impact we see in the Florida Keys, where there are a lot of people, for example, who have used their retirement savings to buy a small property that they rent out in the Florida Keys. It is very common. They buy a small townhouse, they rent it out in the winter for people to stay there, and then they use it in the sum-mer for their family. Well, guess what. This winter they are probably not getting a lot of visi-tors. In some cases—I know of one in particular—there is all this debris from the storm that is sitting in the canal. It is not very attractive for a visitor to come to the Keys and stay in a town-house where they can’t even go out into the ocean because the canals and the waterways that take them out have refrigerators floating in them and have all kind of debris in them. By the way, there is still debris there from previous storms, almost 15 years—10 years ago. What does that mean? That means the owner of the unit doesn’t have the rent they were using to pay the mort-gage. She might be a teacher or he might be a firefighter, and now they are not getting the income they were counting on to make the mortgage, so they potentially could fall behind and could lose this rental property that they had invested in for their family. These are not rich people. These are people who had an investment for the future and had a good business model until the storm came. That is not measured anywhere, but that is real harm. The small businesses have been harmed. The Florida Keys, in par-ticular, is a place that has had lot of small businesses that have been there for a long time. Some of these places have gone months without clients. If that person doesn’t come and rent out that unit I just described, that means that person isn’t using the fuel from the local gas station, isn’t eating at the local restaurants, and isn’t contrib-uting to the local economy. To top it off, it is so expensive. Imag-ine if you are a worker at one of these buildings making $15 an hour. It is so expensive. They already had a housing problem, and this has made it worse. So it would be a mistake to say that the hurricane damage is over, and the effort to address it ends the minute the trees are removed from the road and the roofs are tarped and repaired. It goes on for a while. In the case of this particular storm, Florida was also impacted by the im-pact that Maria had on Puerto Rico. As 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.007 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES562 January 30, 2018 
Senator N ELSON just outlined, up to 300,000 American citizens—I say that because there are still a lot of people wondering, why are we giving aid to Puerto Rico? Puerto Rico is a U.S. ter-ritory, and its residents are U.S. citi-zens. There are 300,000 U.S. citizens from Puerto Rico who have moved to Florida. They enrich our State, but our schools weren’t counting on the kids, so they have to scramble to deal with that. Our housing stock—I met with a group of people on Friday. We still have people living in hotels who have been there for 3 or 4 months. Even if they wanted to go out and find an apartment, there is nothing available. There are all sorts of challenges. We have heard stories, for example, that they have to pay a $75 application fee for each one of the housing units they apply for, even if they are turned down. Just figure that out. If someone applies to just three or four of them, that is a lot of money out of pocket for someone who has already lost everything in the storm. Florida is facing that as well. I am disappointed. If someone had told me that we would get to the last week of January without taking up dis-aster relief, I would have been sur-prised because we had a chance to actu-ally address this at the end of last year. The House sent over a bill that didn’t go far enough. The Senate had ideas about how to make it better, and then for reasons involving leverage and using it as a tool to get people to vote for CRs—short-term spending at the end—it has been held up. That is unfor-tunate because these problems are only getting worse, not better, as time goes on. Senator N
ELSON talked about the cit-rus industry. One of our signature crops, if not our signature crop, was al-ready being challenged by citrus green-ing, which is a terrible disease. Senator N
ELSON and I went to some of those groves together, and there are growers who basically were already hurting. They have lost everything for this year. There is no money coming in. The fruit is gone. Once that fruit touches the ground and that ground is wet, you can’t sell it. The trees are damaged. It is not as though we can just buy a new tree at Walmart, and in 1 year it produces. It has to put it in the ground, and it takes 5 years before it will start to produce. They are hurt-ing, and they are wondering, should I replant? Is this a good business for me to be in? Some of these families have been in citrus for three or four or five genera-tions, and this could be the end, not just the end for them but the end of Florida citrus. We helped them in the tax bill with the ability to imme-diately expense replanting, but that will not be enough. That is why this package has to include USDA resources to help replace these lost trees and re-habilitate the groves that were flooded. This is critical and essential to our food supply. The Army Corps of Engineers plays a huge role in the State of Florida. For example, there is the Herbert Hoover Dike, which is a dike on Lake Okee-chobee that would prevent a cata-strophic flooding event, should the lake levels rise too high. We have peo-ple living just south of it, and what happened, almost a century ago, is that people died because of flooding there. So this dike was built. It has been found to be and rated among the most vulnerable water infrastructure projects in the Nation, and we are lucky that it wasn’t breached in the storm, but it could have been, had the rainfall been located at the right place at the right time. It has been the pri-ority of our delegation for a long time to expedite the construction of reha-bilitation to strengthen that dike. This is a good opportunity to do that be-cause there will be other storms. Be-cause the project was delayed when the storm hit, this is a chance to finish that role. Other parts that are critical to Flor-ida’s economy are beach renourishment and intracoastal navigation projects. These are hugely important and not just what makes Florida an attractive place to live; it is the reason people visit. Some of these beaches were se-verely eroded. Particularly in North-east Florida, there is no beach, and the water is coming up to the edge of the property lines. If there is no beach, the hotels and the condominiums that rent out on that beach do not have visitors. People will not go there unless there is sand on the beach, and the erosion that happens in a storm like this needs to be fixed. Of course, we have all been engaged, and I hope all are committed to our Ev-erglades restoration projects. The Ev-erglades are some of the most unique environments on the planet. They hap-pen to be in the United States and hap-pen to be in our home State. In these Everglades restoration projects, we want to continue to make progress to-ward our goal of saving them. By the way, the Everglades are a source of water for over 8 million Flo-ridians. So I hope the disaster funding also addresses all the work that was destroyed and the damage that hap-pened to a lot of the restoration projects that were in place. I will not go deep into education be-cause Senator N
ELSON has already ad-dressed that, but suffice it to say we had thousands of students who were displaced, and we add to that thou-sands of people from Puerto Rico whom the school districts welcome but weren’t counting on. Now we have to accommodate classroom space. In many cases, for these children, al-though everyone in Puerto Rico learns English and Spanish, their primary language is Spanish, so we have to get instructors who are able to bring them to proficiency in English. That is a challenge. All of that is falling on the State of Florida as well. While Florida welcomes our fellow Americans from Puerto Rico who are seeking refuge, the costs need to be accounted for. We had hospitals that were damaged from the storms, and the repairs to some of these continue to rise. In some cases, these hospital repairs resulted in the closure of the hospital for more than a year. There is a hospital in the Keys that is going to be completely rebuilt. If you have ever been to the Florida Keys, the distances are bad, and there is a hospital that is going to have to be completely rebuilt. In addition to all of that, we have our healthcare providers in Florida who provided charitable care, not just to Floridians after the storm but to dis-placed Americans from Puerto Rico and from the U.S. Virgin Islands. They need to be reimbursed for doing that. They didn’t sit back and say: We are not going to do it unless you send us a check. They did it, and there were real expenses. Then they were also hit by the storm, and they are dealing with those new expenses. By the way, one of the things I hope we will do is expedite hiring authority for medical personnel in HHS because, for years, we have failed to maintain adequate levels of personnel willing to give a couple of weeks of their time to aid in a time of disaster. Our medical teams are depleted, and at this rate we will already have a staffing shortage by the next hurricane season, which is just a few months away. NOAA, another Federal agency—the disaster bill needs to fund the contin-ued removal of the things I have al-ready discussed: marine debris, lost lobster traps, capsized vessels. There is an environmental component to it, and there is an economic component to it. If our canal is full of refrigerators, de-bris, things that need to be removed, the water cannot be navigated. The value of all that property is wiped out, and also what is wiped out is the desire of people to come and visit. Beyond in-creasing—or as we call it around here ‘‘plussing up’’—critical FEMA accounts like the Disaster Relief Fund, we should also include language in the bill to protect counties, cities, towns, and individual homeowners who received FEMA disaster assistance from the un-certainty about when the Federal Gov-ernment may come back in a few years and claw back that support. In essence, they can come back in a few years and say: We gave you too much money; give it back to us. If someone did something wrong, I am not talking about that. I am talk-ing about a good faith estimate that both sides agreed on, and they deliv-ered the money, and then 4 years later they show up and say: Hey, we have looked at it again, and in hindsight we gave you $1,000 more in the case of an individual or $50,000 or $100,000 more in the case of a city or a county, and now they have to scramble to pay this back. So I will continue to work to make sure that FEMA has the resources it needs to assist for recovery victims for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.008 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S563 January 30, 2018 
both short-term and long-term recov-ery but without this threat of clawback, and there are ways to do that which will allow us to be fiscally responsible. I have already talked about the hous-ing issue in Monroe County in South-west Florida. Monroe County is in the Florida Keys, and that is why it is crit-ical that FEMA has the resources to utilize programs such as direct relief assistance, which will enable the Fed-eral Government to lease a property that would not generally be available to the public, such as corporate lodg-ing, to house survivors, to house peo-ple, as opposed to just giving them a voucher and saying: Go find a hotel. Here is what happens. They get a hotel in South Dade in Homestead, and the big rates come in February, and ev-eryone gets kicked out in February be-cause those rooms were booked a year ago at those rates, and they have no-where to go. It is disruptive. If we were able to lease out an entire long-term corporate housing or lodging facility, these people would have some cer-tainty to go about their lives while their homes and their lives are rebuilt. Programs such as Direct Lease assist-ance provide the type of flexibility that Florida and, quite frankly, the whole country needs. We are going to continue to advocate for the program so we can provide roofs over the heads of displaced Floridians and Puerto Ricans. Infrastructure damage throughout Florida is also substantial. In par-ticular, I was able to go down to the Everglades to Flamingo. It is a place we have gone often. It is one of the places we leave from to go fishing with my children. The facilities there were already in bad shape, to be frank. It looked like something out of one of those 1960s black-and-white movies they show in schools. This place was badly hurt. Again, this is Federal property. That is a na-tional park that belongs to the Amer-ican people, under the custody of the Federal Government, and it was wiped out and hurt and destroyed. We need to help rebuild it. By the way, that in-cludes airports, NASA—the Kennedy Space Center—which also suffered damages. I have a couple more points, then I will close. Housing and Urban Development. On December 14, I introduced the Disaster Assistance Simplification Act. That prohibits HUD from penalizing victims of natural disasters who apply but then turn down an SBA disaster loan. So if you apply for an SBA disaster loan, HUD will come back and take away your assistance or render you ineligible for HUD assistance not because you re-ceived the HUD loan but because you applied for it. That should be taken out. I have worked with colleagues to en-sure that this language is included in the upcoming supplemental because I don’t understand how we can allow unsynchronized and burdensome dis-aster assistance programs to make re-covery more difficult for someone im-pacted by a storm. You just went through a storm. Your business was de-stroyed. Your home was destroyed. Your family had to move to another county or another city. On top of that, you have to agonize over what the Fed-eral Government may or may not give you. If they gave it to you, you have to agonize over when they may come back and take it away. We can’t further vic-timize victims by penalizing victims who do not take assistance. Our laws are discouraging people from applying for SBA disaster loans. Again, on that particular point, I am not talking about people who are dou-ble-dipping. I am talking about people who applied for HUD and SBA. Just the act of applying for that loan means you can’t get the HUD assistance. That is ridiculous. I will close with Puerto Rico. It doesn’t get enough attention, in my mind. We read about the situation every day. Now the articles are saying: Can you believe they still don’t have electricity in Puerto Rico? There are a lot of problems that need to be ad-dressed. Puerto Rico had a lot of prob-lems before the storm. At end of the day, here is the bottom line. Puerto Rico is a U.S. territory. It is the responsibility of the United States. These are American citizens. They are children. They are residents. They wear the uniform of this country. If you go to Arlington Cemetery, not far from here, you will see their names after paying the ultimate sacrifice. They contribute to every area of our lives, whether they choose to live on the mainland or on the island. Perhaps because it isn’t always in the head-lines, a lot of people just don’t under-stand its status, its importance, and our relationship and obligations. We have been involved from the very beginning, not just because of the im-pact it has had on Florida but because, on a personal level, I have so many friends and people I care about who live there. If you live in Florida, you know people who have people they love who live there. Right after the storm, I sent three members of my staff, who spent over a week at their emergency operations center, just trying to act as a conduit to facilitate between Federal efforts and the efforts of Puerto Rico’s govern-ment, but the work that remains is ex-traordinary. I talk about the people who are still displaced. We have seen the story of people losing their housing vouchers who were staying in a hotel. People say: We just heard from the govern-ment in Puerto Rico that your home is habitable so you are done. Check out tomorrow afternoon. They have no-where to go. If they have family, maybe, but if they don’t, where do they go that night? It is a problem. We have seen that happen in Connecticut and fear it could happen in other places. On the disaster relief, we think re-covering is not just about putting up light posts. We think it is about help-ing the economy grow, about attract-ing business and investment back, and about helping people who want to stay to be able to stay. We have a number of provisions we hope will be included. One is a tem-porary payroll tax deduction so what-ever it is you get paid, you get to keep more of it. It would be temporary for a year, but at least it is a way of giving people a raise without being a burden on businesses. We would also like to see a tem-porary expansion of the child tax cred-it. Because of a quirk in the law, people who file taxes from Puerto Rico are not eligible for it at its full value the way someone on the mainland would be. Again, all they have to do is move to Florida, and they can do it. These are U.S. citizens. If they can fight in our Armed Forces, if they pledge allegiance to our flag, if they are citizens of our Nation, why should they not be entitled to the same tax versions there that they would be if they were living on the mainland? We also need to deal with, as Senator N
ELSON talked about, the Medicaid cliff. Because of the healthcare law that passed a number of years ago, the funding mechanism that was created places them in a position where soon they will run out of money in their Medicaid Program. Ultimately, what will happen is, people who need these services will move to Florida or some other State, and then they will sign up for Medicaid in the States and get what they couldn’t get in Puerto Rico. It will actually cost more. If money is what you are worried about, it will cost more in the long run not to do it than to do it. I also think we need to increase fund-ing for energy grid technical assistance from the Department of Energy. On that note, I would say, we are getting reports that they are being forced to rebuild using the exact same equip-ment that was there before the storm. Some of this equipment is so old, it isn’t even manufactured anymore. They don’t make it anymore. They had to retrofit and make things up. If we are going to rebuild or help re-build the grid in Puerto Rico, shouldn’t they be able to put in something that is modern as opposed to rebuilding the old stuff? That makes no sense. It will actually make the system more resil-ient. A lot of these proposals may meet with resistance, but they all make sense. We can justify every single one of them. I hope we will pursue them. I worked very closely with Resident Commissioner Jenniffer Gonzalez on these efforts. I am grateful for her strong advocacy and the support of so many of my colleagues on behalf of our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico. I close by asking our colleagues this. I know we have the policy work this week. The Democrats and Republicans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.009 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES564 January 30, 2018 
are doing their thing. I know we have funding issues a week from this Friday that we have to address. I know immi-gration is an important issue that we need to confront, but do not forget about disaster relief. We have to get it done for the people out west in Cali-fornia, the people in Texas, the people of Florida, the people of Puerto Rico, and for our fellow Americans who were hurt by the hurricanes this season and the fires of 2017. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
IMMIGRATION  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, as we continue the debate on the issue of im-migration as it relates to providing a permanent solution to those young im-migrants who benefited from the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, the scope of this debate has ex-panded to include other issues. Some of these issues are directly re-lated to the DACA issue, including per-sistent concerns on our southern bor-der, like improving barriers and border access roads, providing hiring and re-tention incentives for Customs and Border Protection personnel to ensure that all locations on the border remain secure. Other things being debated, like changes to legal immigration lev-els, truly need their own debate. Some appear to have seized on this as an opportunity to push forth an agenda aimed at limiting the future flow of legal immigration. Before this idea gains any steam, we have to fully dis-cuss and debate its potentially enor-mous impact on our economy. It is easy for some to see unemployed Amer-icans and point to immigrants as a scapegoat. To suggest that every immi-grant who passes through our borders represents a job being pried from the hands of an American citizen is far-fetched, at best. After taking the time to actually ex-amine the facts, the shortsightedness of this thinking is exposed. For exam-ple, cleaving the number of new legal immigrants by almost 50 percent— which is what the White House pro-posal appears to envision over time— would initially reduce the overall rate of economic growth in the United States by an estimated 12.5 percent when compared to currently projected levels through 2045. This is because labor force growth is one of the most important factors tied to economic growth. More troubling, these changes in legal immigration would come just as the aging U.S. population increases our dependence on a growing work-force. Some have suggested that legal im-migrants represent some sort of drag on government resources. In fact, the National Academy of Sciences esti-mates that the average immigrant con-tributes, in net present value terms, $92,000 more in taxes than they receive in benefits over their lifetime. We can only expect these numbers to increase as we move to a kind of merit or employment-based system. I should note that in the bipartisan approach in 2015, we did restrict the number of fam-ily-based visas. I think it was from a total of 75 percent of legal immigra-tion, we moved it down to 50 percent from family-based visas. At that same time, what we did was reallocate those visas to merit-based or employment- based visas so we wouldn’t have an overall drop in legal immigration. To look into the future of what hap-pens when the philosophy of limiting legal immigration takes hold, we need to look no further than the current economic struggles Japan is having. In a timely piece by Fred Hiatt in the Washington Post this last Sunday, he points out that Japan’s population of 127 million is forecast to shrink by one- third over the next half century. The increase in lifespans coupled with a de-crease in fertility is projected to lead to near-stagnant economic growth, re-duced innovation, labor shortages, and huge pressure on entitlements and pen-sions in Japan. These disastrous realities facing Japan are the direct result of that na-tion’s historically low level of immi-grants. As Hiatt astutely points out, ‘‘You can be pro-growth. You can be anti-immigration. But honestly, you can’t be both.’’ Legal immigration policy is com-plicated, but it is important, and it is worth debating this reform on its own. There may be a strong appetite for merit-based immigration, but rather than drastically cutting legal and nec-essary immigration flows, we need to work together to provide a way for the best and brightest to make it to the United States, both for their benefit and ours. Let’s not be lured into thinking that legal immigration is some kind of sim-plistic zero-sum game that can be eas-ily reformed without consequence. Dur-ing the last administration, many of us rejected the new normal of low eco-nomic growth driven by overregulation and irrational tax policy. It would be a supreme irony if we were to fix those anti-growth fiscal and regulatory poli-cies only to counteract them with im-migration restrictions that affect our workforce. Let’s give this important and com-plex issue the time for discussion, anal-ysis, and debate it deserves and not shoehorn it into a DACA fix. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
THE BUDGET  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I cannot help but note that the fiscal year began October 1 last year. Four months have passed. That is 122 days since the start of the fiscal year, and we still don’t have a budget deal to allow us to finish the fiscal year 2018 appropriations bills. That is 122 days, and the Congress has not done their job. Recently, President Trump has taken to Twitter. He has accused Democrats of holding up funding for our troops. Well, the idea that Democrats are hold-ing up defense spending doesn’t pass the laugh test. I mean, last July—7 months ago—I called for bipartisan budget negotiations, something we have always done in the past. As the vice chairman of Appropriations, I put forward a proposal that would increase defense spending by $54 billion and would increase nondefense spending by an equal amount of $54 billion. Basi-cally, what we did when Senator MUR-
RAY and then-Congressman R YAN worked out the budget agreement. We did that years ago based on parity. The proposal was responsible, it was rea-sonable, and it was based on parity. It was something we have done for years. It would have fully funded President Trump’s budget request for our mili-tary, but it would also have provided much needed relief from the damaging effects of sequestration that we have seen on both sides of the ledger, de-fense and nondefense. But instead of trying to reach a bi-partisan budget deal to allow us to fin-ish our spending bills on time, the Re-publican leadership, which controls the agenda, had other priorities. They spent the last 7 months trying to re-peal healthcare for millions of Ameri-cans and rolling back important con-sumer protections. They cut environ-mental and workplace protections, pro-tections for women in the workplace, and they passed budget-busting tax cuts that primarily benefit big corpora-tions and the wealthiest Americans. As a result of doing that, the funding for our troops, as well as for key domestic priorities, has been left to limp along under four continuing resolutions. Yesterday, the Trump administra-tion—and I wonder if they have actu-ally looked at the President’s budget— accused Democrats of holding defense spending hostage over arbitrary de-mands for lower priority domestic pro-grams. I am curious. What are the domestic programs the Trump administration considers a lower priority? Do they consider the services for our veterans that are lacking around this country— do they think helping our veterans is a lower priority? What about the funding to combat the opioid epidemic? Every single State represented by every sin-gle Senator here, Republican and Dem-ocrat alike, in every corner of our country, has been hurt by the opioid epidemic. Is the Trump administration saying that is a lower priority? How about investments in education for our Nation’s children? Is that a lower pri-ority? Is disaster relief for our commu-nities that have been devastated by hurricanes—there are so many—a lower priority? What about replacing our crumbling bridges all across the country before people start dying in record numbers? Is that a lower pri-ority? The President puts before us a false choice, and it makes me wonder if he is actually seeing the budget his adminis-tration proposes. There is no reason we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.011 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S565 January 30, 2018 
can’t fight for and fund both our mili-tary and other domestic programs. It is not an either/or choice. It has never been an either/or choice, whether we have had a Democratic or Republican administration. One thing we do know is that oper-ating under four continuing resolutions is no way to govern. I think it is time to get serious about reaching a deal. Later today, the House is going to pass another Defense appropriations bill that will exceed the budget caps by $73 billion, and they don’t even know where it will be spent. But if you don’t have a budget deal to raise the caps, this would be a false promise to our military because that funding level would trigger a sequester. It would force a 13-percent across-the-board cut on defense programs. It is not a serious bill; it is a messaging bill. There are those who are going to tout it on the floor of the House, saying: Look what we are doing to raise it. Will they at least take a moment to say that it actually cuts our defense programs 13 percent across the board? I asked the Secretary of Defense what he thinks about that. He says it would be a disaster. What we are doing is we have been substituting sound bites for substance. I think we are past the time for that kind of messaging. The budget and the appropriations process are where we set our priorities as a nation and where we put those pri-orities into action. That has been our policy here in the Senate under Demo-cratic and under Republican leadership for decades. Instead of doing this basic job, Congress and the President have put the Federal budget on perpetual autopilot, so it never gets done. It comes up, we talk about it, and it doesn’t get done. It comes up again, we talk about it, and it doesn’t get done. The can has been kicked down the road over and over again. It makes me think of ‘‘Groundhog Day.’’ We are coming up on Groundhog Day. Well, it is ‘‘Groundhog Day,’’ plus a sequel, plus another sequel, plus an-other sequel and yet another sequel. Well, that may have been a funny movie, but this is real life for over 300 million Americans, and 100 Americans are entrusted to make their lives bet-ter. Kicking the can down the road and playing ‘‘Groundhog Day’’ is corrosive and damaging to our Nation and to the American people in countless ways. Certainly, my experience with a Re-publican administration and a Demo-cratic administration, many times in the majority in this body and many times in the minority in this body—one thing I have learned, and many of my Republican colleagues tell me the same thing, is that you can’t govern by con-tinuing resolution. It is easy. It means you don’t have to do your work. But neither the military nor our country can properly function under sequestra-tion. They can’t function if we don’t do our jobs. This week, we are taking another re-cess after this afternoon. I wish we would just stay here and get these bills passed. I am willing to. Vermont is a very nice place to be this time of year—great skiing, lovely place. I have kids and grandkids there, but I will stay here if it means we can get the ap-propriations bills passed, get us off this corrosive, wasteful continuation of a continuing resolution and sequestra-tion. The continuing resolution expires on February 8. That is 9 days from today. It is up to the Republican leadership in both Chambers to get serious about striking a bipartisan budget deal. I be-lieve there is something we can do. Talking with both Republican and Democratic Senators, I think we could have a budget deal that would get 60 votes in the Senate. We could raise the caps. We could take care of defense but also take care of a lot of priorities we hear about when we walk down Main Street in the towns and cities we rep-resent. These aren’t people who have a partisan attitude; they just want to see the government work. The States that have suffered from hurricanes and flooding want to see us help them as a nation. If their commu-nity is devastated by opioids, they want to see us do something about it. They would like to see the Federal Government do something about stop-ping the millions of opioids flooding into this country illegally from China. They are not coming across the wall; they are coming from China through the mail, through the post offices we all have in our communities. Let’s start to look at the real threats to America. You don’t do it by sound bites; you do it by substance and hard work. There are many Senators on both sides of the aisle who are willing to do that hard work. We have unbe-lievably talented staff from both Re-publicans and Democrats who have been working very hard to get us there. Let’s start doing that. Let’s stop look-ing for the sound bite. Let’s start look-ing for the substance. I am ready to. I have talked with key Members of both parties about this. It can be done. I felt honored the other day when Senator Robert Dole, one the titans of this body—a Republican, a conserv-ative Republican—asked me to be one of the two Senators to speak when he received the Congressional Gold Medal. We had a chance to chat first about how we used to do it. Without sounding like the old-timer talking about the good old days, what we would do is the Republicans and Democrats—key Mem-bers of both parties—would sit down and we would work something out be-cause we could take each other’s word for it. We set aside political posturing, and we did what was best for the coun-try. Senator Dole joined with Senator Moynihan—a conservative Republican and a liberal Democrat—and they saved Social Security. Senator Dole joined with Senator George McGov-ern—again, a conservative Republican and a liberal Democrat. As a result, millions of children were fed, others were fed, hungry people were fed in this country and in other countries. What a great humanitarian gesture. Both Sen-ator Dole and Senator McGovern fought in World War II. Both had a dis-tinguished military career. Senator Dole was severely injured. Senator McGovern volunteered to fly many, many missions beyond the number he was required to, even though so many planes in those missions were being shot down. But they came back and said: OK. We did that. Now what are we doing for the people we fought to save? We should listen to people like that. We should listen to them. We would be a better Senate, we would be a better country if we did. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I wish to speak for 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is recognized. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I rise today on this 13th day of January to call out this body, the body of the U.S. Senate, for its dereliction of duty. Enough is enough. We need a long-term budget bill for all of America, includ-ing my home State of Montana, be-cause that is what Americans expect because it is our job. It has been 122 days since Congress has failed to pass a budget. What makes this even more egregious is the fact that we haven’t done anything but continuing resolution after continuing resolution after continuing resolution. There is no certainty in that. And even if we passed a long-term budget deal, it isn’t even for that long of a term— through the end of this fiscal year, which is when it needs to be done by. For the last 122 days, Congress has left community health centers, small business owners, America’s families, Montana’s families without the cer-tainty of a long-term budget. During that time, Congress has instead settled for four short-term, crisis-funding bills that don’t do what is necessary and that provide more uncertainty and more chaos. I have heard a lot of folks say that government needs to be run like a busi-ness. There is no business that would put off what it is doing just because it is convenient. In my real life, I am a farmer. I know that you have to plan. I know that you can’t go from month to month with uncertainty ahead of you because if you do, you will end up in a situation where it will put you out of business. You have to be able to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.012 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES566 January 30, 2018 
plan, whether it is for the seeds you buy or equipment maintenance or any-thing else in agriculture. It is the same way in any business, and by the way, it is the same way in government. Unfortunately, the norm has been a month of funding in continuing resolu-tions, or 3 weeks, instead of coming to a point where we can fund things until the end of the fiscal year, which will give folks certainty, whether it is the military or our southern border or community health centers. Why do I bring this up? It is because fully 10 percent of the citizens of Mon-tana depend on community health cen-ters for access to their healthcare. It is in some cases the only source of healthcare for these folks. I have had listening tours and roundtables and over a dozen different public meetings on healthcare over the last year, and I can tell you that these facilities are critically important. So who cares? Why should we worry about that, because we have a con-tinuing resolution. Why? Because these folks right now, if you go talk to them in the State of Montana and I think in any other State in the Union, they will tell you they are not sure whether they will keep their doors open. That does not provide the kind of certainty they need and the kind of access to healthcare folks in our country need, and Montana is no exception. We cannot continue governing from crisis to crisis. Montana deserves bet-ter. America deserves better. We need a budget that goes to the end of the fis-cal year, that provides the kind of cer-tainty and security the American peo-ple elected us to do. Congress simply needs to do its job. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
HONORING DEPUTY MARSHAL CHRISTOPHER HILL  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about two separate matters. The first is a very painful and difficult topic, but I feel it is impor-tant to address. I wish to recognize, acknowledge, and honor the heroic life and legacy and sacrifice of one of Pennsylvania’s fin-est: Deputy U.S. Marshal Christopher Hill. On January 18 of this year, Deputy Hill was shot and killed while he was apprehending a fugitive in Harrisburg, PA. Christopher Hill lived in York, PA. He was only 45 years old. He was a hus-band and the father of two young chil-dren. He dedicated his life to serving and protecting first his country and later his community. He was an 11-year veteran of the U.S. Marshals Service. He was a former U.S. Army Ranger who had been deployed to Somalia. In 2014, Deputy Hill was one of the deputy mar-shals who helped capture a notorious cop killer in Pennsylvania, Eric Frein, who was the subject of one of the larg-est and longest manhunts in recent his-tory throughout rural Pennsylvania. The fact is that day in and day out for a very long period of time, Chris-topher Hill put his life on the line for the rest of us. He did it as an Army Ranger in Somalia. He did it as a dep-uty U.S. marshal. I had the privilege of attending the memorial service for him recently. It was extraordinary to hear one after another of the people whom he had served with in various capac-ities speak about a truly extraordinary individual, a guy who was by all ac-counts humble and modest but abso-lutely dedicated with a passion to his family, to his community, and to his country. Sometimes it is easy for us to forget the risks and sacrifices that are being taken by the men and women who wear various uniforms that represent the various organizations that defend and protect us. But I want to say to the people of Pennsylvania and to the fam-ily of Christopher Hill that we are never going to forget the bravery and the sacrifice and the service he pro-vided for all of us. TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, another topic I wish to touch on this afternoon is a much happier topic; that is, the extraor-dinary consequences we are already seeing of the tax reform we passed just about a month ago. Yesterday, I had a chance to tour a small- to medium-sized company in the eastern part of Pennsylvania—Easton, PA, which is where they are located. Sussex Wire is the name of the com-pany. They have a very sophisticated technology whereby they take wire, and without heating it and without grinding it, they use a process that turns it into the shape and form that their customers require. It is a very so-phisticated process. They can crank out tremendous volumes. This relatively small business—I think they have 55 employees—is doing very well. It is manufacturing in Penn-sylvania, in America. As a direct result of the tax reform we passed, their tax burden has been diminished, and that has, in turn, allowed them to speed up the hiring of five or six new workers— five or six people who don’t have a job today, but they are going to have a job soon because Sussex Wire is hiring. Right now they are out looking for the folks who are going to expand their workforce, expand the ability of this terrific company to do even more. The tax reform is also accelerating their ability to purchase new equip-ment. The new equipment they buy al-lows them to do more work more pro-ductively. It allows their workers to produce more of the little tools and de-vices that they produce. When workers produce more, when they are more pro-ductive, they can earn more income, and that is exactly what is happening at Sussex Wire. This is before we have had the opportunity to have all of these investments actually take place. I am thrilled at how quickly we are seeing tangible benefits for the people I represent as a result of this tax reform. Of course, it is not just Sussex Wire; it is happening all across America. It is happening certainly all across Pennsyl-vania, and I hope we will hear about some of the examples tonight when the President gives his State of the Union Address. At latest count, there are over 3 mil-lion American workers who have al-ready gotten an increase in their com-pensation. Their employers have pro-vided them either a pay raise or a bonus or a contribution to their pen-sion plan or some combination of those things precisely because these busi-nesses have more free cash flow as a re-sult of lower taxes. Three million workers from almost 300 businesses, and since the last time I came to the floor and spoke about this phe-nomenon, there have been many more Pennsylvanians benefiting from this. The employees of Home Depot, at 70 locations across Pennsylvania, are ben-efiting. Those employees—thousands, I suppose, altogether—are receiving $1,000 each. FedEx, which has a huge presence in Pennsylvania, has announced $200 mil-lion in raises, $1.5 billion in new invest-ment in distribution hubs, and another $1.5 billion that they are contributing to their employees’ pensions. PPG in Pittsburgh, PA, is spending $50 million in new capital projects, in part because the Tax Code treats that investment better than our Tax Code used to, and it is encouraging more of this investment. H&K Equipment in Coraopolis in western Pennsylvania is increasing its investments by 15 percent this year, again in response to this tax reform. The Wall Street Journal reported over the weekend that manufacturing investment is already going up. It is al-ready increasing. This is going to be very beneficial. First of all, it helps all the workers who produce the equip-ment in which companies are invest-ing. Secondly, someone needs to oper-ate this equipment, so when a company goes out and buys a new piece of equip-ment, new machinery, there is the job security or the new job being created for the person who operates it. Thirdly, there is the enhancement in produc-tivity, which allows for higher com-pensation. This is all happening at a time when our unemployment rate is relatively low. It is at an alltime record low for African Americans. It is low generally by standards of recent decades. This means that demand for more workers is going to translate into upward pres-sure on wages. I think we are already seeing it. It is very, very encouraging, and it is just a tremendous success for our workers. I was very confident that this would be among the constructive con-sequences of our tax reform, but I will confess that I didn’t realize it would happen so quickly. This is great news for Pennsylvanians, and it is great news for Americans. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.014 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S567 January 30, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM D . DUHNKE III  
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to a former staff member of mine, William D. Duhnke III, who dedicated over 20 years of his life’s work to the Senate. Prior to his time on Capitol Hill, Bill Duhnke served in the U.S. Navy as a naval officer and at the Commission on the Assignment of Women in the Armed Forces. Bill received his juris doctorate from Catholic University and a bachelor of arts degree from his home State university, the University of Wisconsin. In 1995 Bill Duhnke joined my personal staff to handle defense, foreign relations, and judiciary policy. He quickly revealed his high work ethic and innate ability to thrive when tasked with the most challenging of as-signments. After swiftly climbing the ladder in my office, Bill became my staff direc-tor and general counsel when I chaired the Senate Intelligence Committee and later the Senate Banking Committee, where he was general counsel and staff director. He also served as my staff di-rector when I was the ranking member of the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee, when the Democrats were in control. As a former naval flight officer, Bill always brought a high level of respect and discipline to the workplace. With-out hesitation, he was able to spear-head tasks and get things done. Not only was he a trusted adviser, but he was an esteemed manager across Cap-itol Hill, where he was duly respected. Bill is exceptionally smart and was al-ways well versed on the issues at hand. I would be hard-pressed to recall a time when he was unprepared. I can’t think of one. I am certain that Bill will continue to operate in this manner in his new role as Chairman of the Public Ac-counting Oversight Board. I have relied on Bill Duhnke’s profes-sional advice and leadership for 20 years, and I know he will be an asset as the Board works to improve audit qual-ity and promote public trust in our se-curities area. I believe SEC Chairman Jay Clayton has made an excellent choice in selecting Bill Duhnke to chair the PCAOB. I have no doubt that Bill has stepped into his new leadership position with ease. His intellect and experience en-sure his future success in this role, and I am confident that Bill will remain an outstanding leader as he continues on this new path in his career. It is my honor to offer my deep ap-preciation and gratitude to Bill Duhnke for his decades of hard work and dedication to the entire country. I am privileged to have had him on my staff for all of those years. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the good news about tax reform continues to roll in—wage increases, better benefits, increased investment, and employee bonuses. So far, more than 250 compa-nies have announced good news for their employees—pay hikes, increased retirement contributions, or bonuses, and the list continues to grow. Last week, JPMorgan Chase, Disney, Starbucks, and FedEx all announced increased investment in American workers. JPMorgan Chase announced that it will raise wages for 22,000 work-ers, add thousands of new jobs, and open 400 new branches in the United States. It also plans to increase its lending to small businesses. Disney will invest in employees’ education and provide employee bonuses. Starbucks is raising wages, increasing benefits, and rewarding employees with company stock. FedEx announced plans to expe-dite raises and invest $1.5 billion to ex-pand its FedEx Express hub in Indian-apolis. It is also making a $1.5 billion contribution to its pension plan. To top it off, yesterday ExxonMobil an-nounced that, thanks in part to tax re-form, it will invest an additional $35 billion into the U.S. economy over the next 5 years. That means a lot of new jobs and opportunities for American workers. Stories like this are why we made business tax reform a key part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Obviously, a huge priority was immediately low-ering Americans’ tax bills, which is why we lowered rates across the board, nearly doubled the standard deduction, and doubled the child tax credit. But our other priority was creating the kind of economy in which Americans can thrive for the long-term—an econ-omy that would create good jobs, high-er wages, and more opportunities. So how do we go about doing that? Well, the only way for individual Americans to thrive is for American businesses and the American economy to thrive. So we took action to improve the situation for American businesses. Prior to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, American businesses, large and small, were weighed down by high tax rates and growth-killing tax provisions. Plus, our outdated international tax rules left America’s global businesses at a competitive disadvantage in the global economy. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act changed all that. We lowered tax rates across the board for owners of small and me-dium-sized businesses, farms, and ranches. We expanded the business owners’ ability to recover investments they make in their businesses, which will free up cash that they can reinvest in their operations and their workers. We lowered our Nation’s massive cor-porate tax rate, which up until Janu-ary 1 was the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world. We brought the U.S. international tax sys-tem into the 21st century by replacing our outdated worldwide system with a modernized territorial tax system so that American businesses are not oper-ating at a disadvantage next to their foreign counterparts. Now, just a month into the new tax law, we are al-ready seeing the results. Thanks to the new tax law, busi-nesses are seeing a future of growth, and based on those forecasts, they are making plans to invest in their work-ers, raise wages, create new jobs, and invest in the American economy: AT&T, Boeing, Fiat Chrysler, Bank of America, Home Depot, Great Western Bank in my State of South Dakota, First Hawaiian Bank, SunTrust Bank, Comcast, American Airlines, South-west Airlines, Humana, Visa, Nation-wide Insurance, JetBlue Airlines. The list of companies announcing good news for American workers thanks to tax reform goes on and on and on. Tech giant Apple announced that as a result of tax reform, it will bring home almost $250 billion in cash that it has been keeping overseas and invest it here in the United States. That is good news for the American economy, and it is a direct result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, our Tax Code encouraged American businesses to keep cash overseas. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ended that. Now that we have altered the Tax Code to remove the penalty for bringing profits home to the United States, we can ex-pect to see more companies bringing profits home and investing in the U.S. economy the way that Apple is doing. We have seen a tremendous amount of good news this month, but it really is only the beginning. As the benefits of tax reform continue to sink in, we expect to see more growth, more jobs, and more opportunities for American workers, and we expect to see the kind of economy that will provide security and prosperity for Americans for the long term. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:29 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Stras nomination? Mr. BURR. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.016 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES568 January 30, 2018 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
AP-
ITO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 56, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 27 Ex.] YEAS—56 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy Klobuchar Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Capito McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The Senator from Arkansas. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arkansas. (The remarks of Mr. B
OOZMAN per-taining to the introduction of S. 2364 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. BOOZMAN. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. HOEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
STOP ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I want to talk about the opioid epi-demic that has gripped our country and my State of Ohio and talk a little about a report we issued last week with regard to synthetic opioids coming in through the U.S. mail system. This tragedy has hit Ohio hard. We are not alone, though. Opioids affect every American regardless of age, area code, class, or color. Every State rep-resented here in this body has experi-enced this—broken families, dev-astated communities, higher crime rates, friends lost, and, of course, lives taken through opioid overdoses. The Centers for Disease Control re-cently reported that more than 63,600 Americans died in 2016 from drug overdoses. That is the last year for which they have statistics, but we all believe it was worse in 2017. With 63,600 Americans dying of overdoses, that means, on average, more than 174 Americans die every single day. That is up from approximately 143 Americans who died, on average, every day from drug overdoses a year earlier in 2015 and 105 Americans who died every day in 2010. The problem is getting worse, not better. Drug overdoses, in fact, are now the No. 1 cause of death—not just acci-dental deaths but the No. 1 cause of death—in America for Americans under the age of 50. The reason for this in-crease in overdose deaths is the spread of heroin, prescription drugs, and now the synthetic opioids—fentanyl and carfentanil. Opioids were involved in more than 42,000—about two-thirds—of the overall deaths in 2016. Opioid deaths were five times higher in 2016 than they were just a few years ago. This is a national epidemic. It has unfolded in three different waves. The first wave was the prescription drug epidemic—pain pills—15 to 20 years ago. That started to increase dra-matically. Next, heroin deaths spiked. Heroin was turned to as a less expensive and more accessible way for people who were addicted to pain pills to continue to receive the high—in this case, from heroin coming mostly from Mexico. Now synthetic forms of heroin are overtaking the illegal opioid market, and the results have been even more deadly. Fentanyl, a synthetic opioid that is 50 times stronger than heroin, has become the new scourge of the epi-demic. Fentanyl is so deadly that 2 milligrams of it—as little as two flakes of it—can be lethal. It is cheap, easily accessible, and can be added to make any number of illegal drugs more po-tent—cocaine, heroin, pills. In Ohio, fentanyl and its variations, such as carfentanil, were responsible for 60 percent of our State’s more than 4,000 overdose deaths in 2016—the most recent year for which we have statis-tics. That 60 percent is a huge increase from just the previous year, 2015, when fentanyl was responsible for about 37 percent of the deaths. We have had more deaths from overdoses and a lot more deaths linked to fentanyl. Sadly, again, this situation is getting worse, not better. Just last week in Ot-tawa County, OH, outside of Toledo, we had five overdoses in 1 single day. We had three people die of overdoses in 1 week. The suspected cause, of course, is fentanyl. Earlier this month in Akron, a 57- year-old man—a board member of the Akron Public Schools system—was found unconscious in his car from a drug overdose. First responders were thankfully able to revive the man with Narcan—a miracle drug that reverses the effects of overdoses—and treat him at a local hospital. Again, fentanyl caused that overdose. In July of last year, a 12-year-old Co-lumbus boy encountered fentanyl while he was at his cousin’s for a sleepover. He was rushed to the hospital but died days later from a lack of oxygen to his brain as a result of fentanyl. These synthetic drugs have invaded communities across Ohio and across the country. Unbelievably, this deadly poison is primarily shipped into Amer-ica from China through our U.S. Postal Service. The Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which I chair along with ranking member Senator T
OM C
ARPER , recently held a hearing on this issue. It came on the heels of our year-long bipartisan investigation that re-sulted in a 100-page investigative re-port that examined how these drug traffickers in China exploit vulnerabil-ities in our international mail system to ship these deadly synthetic drugs into our communities. I encourage people to look at that re-port on the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations website. The results of the report were shocking. We found that it was incredibly easy to buy fentanyl online. By simply searching ‘‘fentanyl for sale’’ on Google, our staff identified hundreds of websites, many affiliated with Chinese labs, all openly advertising this deadly drug. Online sellers were quick to respond, unafraid of being caught, and ready to make a deal. They even offered discounts for bulk purchases and tried to upsell us to carfentanil—fentanyl’s even more pow-erful and deadly cousin. This is an email from Chinese traf-fickers offering ‘‘a hot sale’’ for one fentanyl analogue before it is discon-tinued. Their preferred shipping meth-od is the U.S. Postal Service because, as they told us, the chances of the drugs being seized were so insignificant that delivery was essentially guaran-teed. This chart shows a carfentanil adver-tisement and the online traffickers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.001 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S569 January 30, 2018 
suggesting ‘‘USPS’’ as their preferred shipping method. Why? Because USPS is the way in which the delivery is vir-tually guaranteed. ‘‘DHL, UPS, FedEx, TNT are quicker, but not safe, and will be detained frequently.’’ Instead, they say: ‘‘We suggest USPS only.’’ Wow. It is inexcusable that these drugs are as easy to ship as a postcard and that traffickers’ preferred shipment method for these deadly poisons is through a Federal agency. Our post office has be-come a conduit for these deadly drugs. By the way, this is incredibly dan-gerous for the postal employees, the letter carriers, those who have to han-dle these packages. I should note that our team never purchased any of these drugs online, but we did use the online sellers’ pay-ment information to determine if oth-ers were buying. Of course, we found out that they were. We narrowed our search to just six websites. From those six sites, we identified more than 500 payments to those six online sellers by more than 300 Americans in 43 States just in the last couple of years. This map shows where the fentanyl went. As you can see, just from those six websites and those few hundred peo-ple, it went all over the country. The largest concentration of buyers was in my home State of Ohio, where you see the red. They were also in Pennsyl-vania and Florida. But, as I mentioned, it went to all 43 States. We were able to track hundreds of packages related to the online purchases. By analyzing more than 2 million lines of shipment data obtained in our investigation, we located three individ-uals in the United States who seem to be distributing these drugs. We also identified two other individuals who purchased items to make pills, includ-ing pill presses, chemical bonding agents, and empty pill casings. Our report also reinforced the risk associated with these deadly synthetic drugs. We identified seven individuals who died from fentanyl-related overdoses shortly after receiving pack-ages from these online sellers. One of those seven individuals who died was a 49-year-old Ohioan from the Cleveland area who sent about $2,500 to an online seller and received 15 packages through the Postal Service over a 10-month pe-riod. His autopsy confirmed he died from ‘‘acute fentanyl intoxication’’ just a couple of weeks after receiving a package from this online seller. We are already working with law en-forcement authorities to make sure these drug dealers can be brought to justice. We recently released all our documents to the Department of Home-land Security for them to do their own investigation. China has responded to our report. A Foreign Ministry spokesman said last week that China stands ‘‘ready to work with the U.S. to enhance our coordina-tion in this field.’’ I welcome China’s cooperation and coordination in this fight. But we need more than words. We need action. We need China to ban more of these deadly drugs and do it quicker. We need China to shut down these illegal fentanyl laboratories and arrest those responsible for shipping drugs into our country. I had the opportunity last year to travel to China as part of a congres-sional delegation, and I was able to speak directly to some of the Chinese authorities, including Premier Li. We talked about these deadly poisons com-ing into our communities and how we needed more help to be able to shut down these labs and to arrest these in-dividuals. I also made the point that there is evidence that some of this opioid material that is being syn-thetically produced in China is leaking into their communities and that they have a problem too. We need to work together to shut this down. One way that we can assist law en-forcement in this war on synthetic opioids is by simply providing them the tools they need to identify packages coming in that likely contain these drugs. Whether they are from China, whether they are shipped somewhere else, or whether they are from another country that begins to produce these drugs, we have to do a better job find-ing these packages and stopping them. Because of the roughly 500 million packages that come in by mail every year, interdicting these small packages is very difficult. It can be like finding a needle in a haystack. So law enforce-ment has asked us to help them be able to get the information they need to target suspect packages. That is why what is called advance electronic data is so very important. This is information that comes in ad-vance—such as what is in the package, where it is from, where it is going—is information for packages entering the United States that can greatly assists our law enforcement. Customs and Border Protection is re-sponsible for this mail coming into our country, and they want to identify these suspicious packages and be able to trace them back to both the U.S. distributor and user but also, of course, to their overseas traffickers. When they have that information, they are able to stop packages but also then ini-tiate investigations, prosecutions, and arrests. As part of our investigation, we found that last year the Postal Service only received this advance electronic data on about 36 percent of the more than 498 million packages coming into our country. That means the United States received more than 318 million packages with no data. That means there was little to no screening at all. We also found that the quality of the data that was provided was often inad-equate and unhelpful to law enforce-ment. Even when the Postal Service conducted a pilot program to screen for these drugs through the use of this data, they only presented 80 percent of these packages targeted by Customs and Border Protection for inspection. In other words, about 20 percent of these suspect packages came into our communities without inspection, de-spite being suspect packages. With these glaring holes in the screening process, it is no wonder these drug dealers choose the Postal Service as their preferred drug delivery system. It is a massive loophole that is under-mining the safety and security of our country. After the September 11, 2001, attacks, collecting the advance electronic data was identified as a national security priority. In 2002 Congress wrote legislation that required private carriers to collect this advance electronic data and au-thorized and encouraged the Postal Service to do it but left the implemen-tation up to the Postal Service. That was 16 years ago. Because of the 2002 law, private car-riers like UPS, FedEx, DHL, and oth-ers, require useful data on every pack-age entering the United States, while the Postal Service gets its data for less than 40 percent of the hundreds of mil-lions of packages it receives every year. Again, the Postal Service data is sometimes not usable, and 20 percent of those packages targeted because of the data are never presented to law en-forcement to be inspected. Folks, this is just wrong. We can and we must do better. We talked earlier about the number of people dying from fentanyl overdoses and the fact that this is the new scourge. It is coming in our mail system. We have to be able to do bet-ter, and we can. This is why I have introduced what is called the Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention Act, or STOP Act. This bipartisan bill will require the Postal Service to get that electronic data on all international packages en-tering the United States. The coauthor of the STOP Act is Senator A
MYKLO-
BUCHAR of Minnesota, and we now have 29 Senate cosponsors from both sides of the aisle. The bipartisan House com-panion bill is now, I believe, cospon-sored by a majority of the House of Representatives. Why? Because this is just a commonsense solution that peo-ple understand has to be done. I urge all of my Senate colleagues to join us in doing what we can to stop some of this poison from coming into America and to at least raise the price on the street of this synthetic heroin that is cheap and accessible. By holding the Postal Service, a Fed-eral agency, to the same standard we have for private mail carriers, we can give law enforcement the necessary tools they are asking for to identify and stop these deadly poisons from reaching our communities. I understand that this is just one part of the solution to deal with the opioid epidemic. Trust me; I get that. I have been working on this for over 20 years, focused mostly on the preven-tion side, treatment, and the recovery. Those are all important. We need to continue to do that because our States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.021 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES570 January 30, 2018 
are gripped by these opioids, and all of us need it. But there is clearly a need for a legislative solution to prevent these drugs from entering our country through our own mail system. The STOP Act is a clear opportunity and responsibility for Congress to help turn the tide of addiction. I urge all of my colleagues to join us in supporting the STOP Act and, by doing so, in sav-ing lives. I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
STATE OF THE UNION ADDRESS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as we all know, tonight the President will ad-dress the Nation from the Chamber of the House of Representatives. This is called the State of the Union, and its tradition dates back to George Wash-ington’s time when he gave his first an-nual message in 1790. Tonight is an important speech. It gives the President a chance not only to look forward but to look back on the first year of his term in office. That first year was marked by a steady stream of impressive accomplishments working together with Congress. These successes are easily missed when the decibel level here in Washington re-mains so high. The good news all too often gets drowned out by the noise, al-though, the truth is that the Presi-dent’s policy decisions have been spot- on, particularly when it comes to our Nation’s economy. First and foremost, last year he signed comprehensive tax reform into law. This is something we haven’t been able to do since 1986. Our reforms low-ered rates across the board for every tax bracket, doubled the child tax cred-it, and incentivized U.S. businesses to create jobs here at home rather than overseas, and, finally, it repealed the ObamaCare individual mandate, mak-ing the Affordable Care Act voluntary and not mandatory. All across the country, we have seen the chain reaction as at least 263 busi-nesses, large and small, have used the tax savings to increase workers’ wages, expand their operations, and create jobs. According to one poll, small busi-nesses’ optimism is now at an 11-year high. The economy, thank goodness, continues to improve. A key economic indicator rose more than expected last month, but the momentum has been building over the last 12. The Dow Jones Industrial Average has reached record highs. Everyone with a 401(k), a savings account, a pen-sion, or somebody who dabbles in the stock market has seen the value of their holdings go up by about 25 per-cent in this last year. Federal workers who invest in their thrift savings plans through these index funds have seen their retirement funds grow to a huge amount—25 percent—consistent with the stock market. President Trump’s economic policies have been joined by his administra-tion’s strong insistence on suspending or eliminating job-stifling regulations. Now, don’t get me wrong. Regulations are necessary for public health, safety, and welfare, but they can go too far and stifle innovation and economic growth. Unfortunately, that is what has happened. He signed an Executive order when he first came to office and has cut at least 16 rules and regulations for every new one that was created. I think his original goal was to cut two for every new one, but, actually, he has done bet-ter than that. He has cut 16 for every new one that was created, and that has saved roughly $8.1 billion in compli-ance costs. We need to keep in mind here in Washington that when we pass a law or when we pass a regulation, somebody often has to hire somebody to comply with that law. If there is a change in the Tax Code, you have to hire an ac-countant to help you figure out how to comply with the law or, if you are a manufacturing facility, you want to make sure OSHA and other Federal agencies don’t come in and fine you so you hire people to help you comply with regulations and laws. These aren’t people who necessarily help you be-come more productive; these are just people to keep up with the rules and regulations that emanate from Wash-ington. The savings, as a result of roll-ing back some of the unnecessary regu-lations, has been pretty dramatic. We in Congress did our part using the Congressional Review Act to eliminate heavyhanded regulations passed during the eleventh hour of the last adminis-tration. President Trump’s policies have stimulated the economy in other ways too. They have expanded energy infra-structure projects like the Keystone Pipeline and, with the help of Congress, opened part of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge for oil and gas explo-ration. This is something that was set aside specifically for energy production years ago, but as a result of the logjam in Congress, that important natural re-source for America was out of bounds because of congressional inaction. Well, no more. I have flown over the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and, believe me, it is not someplace you would go on a vaca-tion. It is a pretty rough area, but be-cause people think of it as a wildlife refuge, they think, well, maybe this is a threat to the wildlife. Just the oppo-site is true. We know the caribou popu-lation has sprung up in areas where they have an oil pipeline because they use it for nesting grounds. It just goes to show how little the bureaucrats here in Washington who believe there is nothing they shouldn’t regulate or overregulate—they can be wrong. Meanwhile, the President has been hard at work enforcing our immigra-tion laws, something he was elected to do. He has added immigration judges and removed more than 36 percent more criminal gang members than in fiscal year 2016. When it comes to immigration in the Senate, we have been working together to find a bipartisan solution for the re-cipients of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals—the so-called DACA Program. People will remember this was some-thing President Obama did, unilater-ally circumventing Congress, and the courts later told him, no, he couldn’t do it, placing the future of some 690,000 young DACA recipients in jeopardy. President Trump wisely has given us a deadline of March 5, but kicked it back to Congress to do what only Congress can do; that is, to come up with a solu-tion. The President, helpfully, has laid out his priorities, and now we in this Congress have to come up with a con-sensus on how to move forward. We know these young adults deserve future certainty, but also we don’t want to repeat the mistakes of the past. We finally need to secure our bor-ders and fix the flaws in our immigra-tion laws that are exploited by the human traffickers and coyotes, and we aim to do both. There has to be sym-metry. On one hand, we can show the sort of compassion that Americans have always shown, but we also need to have the security and knowledge that our laws and our border will be en-forced. The President shares this dual aim. On Sunday, my friend and fellow Texan, Roger Rocha, the head of the League of United Latin American Citi-zens—or LULAC—sent a letter to President Trump. Now, you wouldn’t ordinarily think that LULAC and President Trump would see eye to eye, but here, President Rocha congratu-lated the President for setting what LULAC called a reasonable framework for immigration reform and border se-curity. LULAC stated that as long as we stay within the President’s param-eters, the organization can support the eventual proposal because they are eager to make sure these young peo-ple—some 690,000—have a positive fu-ture. The President has gone over and above that and said, not only the peo-ple who signed up for the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals, but those who were eligible and who did not sign up can still participate in this pathway the President has prescribed for them, as long as we do our job when it comes to border security—dealing with the di-versity lottery visa and dealing with chain migration. I think LULAC’s endorsement of these four parameters is very encour-aging. It is huge news. LULAC has more than 145,000 members, and it is heralded as one of the oldest civil rights organizations in America itself. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.023 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S571 January 30, 2018 
It believes that now is the time to move forward, and that is something, hopefully, all of us will agree with. LULAC believes the President’s framework will keep the momentum of progress on its proper trajectory, they say. What this means is, President Trump is now on the brink of deliv-ering something to the American peo-ple—certainty to DACA recipients, en-forcement of our immigration laws, and securing our borders—that pre-vious Presidents have been unable to do. Let me say that again. What this means is, President Trump is now on the brink of delivering to the American people certainty for the DACA recipi-ents, enforcement of our immigration laws, and securing our borders, some-thing previous Presidents have been unable to accomplish. Democrats remain at a standstill on the very issue they have advocated for years, though. To my Democratic col-leagues, I say the following: We are still waiting to see your alternative that could become law. The President has made a proposal. So you owe it to the American people, and you certainly owe it to the DACA recipients—whom some people call the Dreamers—you owe it to them to come up with an al-ternative. We can’t negotiate with our-selves; we need a negotiating partner who will work with us in good faith to get to a solution that can get a Presi-dential signature. We are running out of time, and we need to get this done. One unsung story of President Trump’s first year has been the reshap-ing of the Federal judiciary. He nomi-nated 73 Federal judges, including Neil Gorsuch, above all, who was confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court last spring. We have helped him see that 12 appel-late court judges have now assumed the robe and taken to the bench. This, of course, is the intermediate appellate court that, for all practical purposes, is the court of last resort, since the Su-preme Court of the United States only hears about 80 cases a year. They de-cide cases where the appellate courts disagree or where there is a dissent by one of the judges, and usually it is the circuit courts that are the final word, interpreting, of course, Supreme Court precedence. I am particularly proud of two of those supreme court justices: Don Willett, formerly of the Texas Supreme Court, and Jim Ho, who has served as my chief judiciary counsel, among other distinguished service, and who was a law clerk for Clarence Thomas and served as solicitor general of Texas. I am proud of the fact that these two men are now serving on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Last but not least, the President has worked to increase defense spending and shown deft leadership in handling a broad array of foreign threats. I think that is, in part, responsible and due to the incredible team he has surrounded himself with, including General McMaster, the National Security Advi-sor; Rex Tillerson, the Secretary of State; and James Mattis, Secretary of Defense. They are a strong and impres-sive team, and they serve the President and the Nation well by providing the President the kind of advice he needs to lead and to keep our country safe and to maintain America’s leadership in world affairs. We know, for example, that under our military leaders’ strategy, as au-thorized and enabled by the President himself, the terrorist organization ISIS has lost most of its territory and many of its followers. This administration has also strengthened U.S. policy in Iran, which is the No. 1 state sponsor of inter-national terrorism. He has held Syria accountable for crossing redlines when they violated international norms by using chemical weapons—something the previous administration declined to do. This administration has stood up to an increasingly belligerent North Korea and used diplomacy to encourage China to use its clout as a bordering nation to North Korea to try to dis-suade Kim Jong Un from pursuing his nuclear power goals. I hope that is suc-cessful. It is no surprise, then, that based on polling data, Americans are substan-tially more satisfied with the Nation’s military strength, security from ter-rorism, and the state of the economy now than they were at the end of the previous administration. Our President is only 1 year into his term, but he has already changed this country’s political landscape. I share his goal of continuing to build a safer, stronger, and prouder America. The question then becomes how, working together, we can do that. Dur-ing tonight’s State of the Union Ad-dress, there are a few specific topics I look forward to hearing more about— shared priorities for the upcoming year—for example, rebuilding our Na-tion’s depleted infrastructure. I re-cently introduced a bill with our col-league the senior Senator from Vir-ginia. It would expand an infrastruc-ture financing authority already in use by many States and local governments. I come from a big State, where we have a growing population, and we need to continue to build our infrastructure there to keep commerce flowing and to keep our roads safe and to protect our environment. This legislation I have introduced with my colleague from Virginia would raise the statutory cap on something known as private activ-ity bonds, which assist various types of transportation construction. In the near future, I expect to intro-duce other infrastructure initiatives, and I look forward to working with my colleagues as well as this administra-tion to see them signed into law. I am also keen to hear the Presi-dent’s thoughts on issues relating to public safety and law enforcement. I myself am a strong proponent of the Second Amendment, but I believe trag-edies like that which occurred in Suth-erland Springs prove the incredible danger of dangerous felons purchasing and possessing firearms. That is illegal, but it happens, and, unfortunately, the consequences can be devastating to the families affected. That is why I have introduced the bill we call the Fix NICS Act. NICS, of course, is the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System, which makes sure that when you go in to pur-chase a firearm, if you are a convicted felon, if you have been committed for mental illness, or if you are guilty of domestic violence, you cannot legally buy a firearm in America, but if the background check system isn’t uploaded properly, as in this case the Air Force declined—or I should say failed—to provide the necessary infor-mation to the criminal background check system, somebody can go in and lie and purchase firearms they can’t otherwise legally purchase. That is why it is so important that we fix the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. That is something that has broad bipartisan support, and I hope to see it passed into law soon. I see my colleague from Rhode Island here whom I have been working with on prison reform, another issue I hope the President touches on this evening, and I believe he will. I believe one of the most effective ways for us to legis-late is to let the States be the labora-tories of democracy. In this case, many of our States have been laboratories of democracy when it comes to reforming our criminal justice system and spe-cifically our prison system. I know, for a long time, people had this idea that we are going to lock up folks and throw away the key, but the reality is, people who go to prison usually get out of prison. The question is, Are they going to be better prepared when they get out and hopefully avoid reincarcer-ation and hopefully become productive members of society or are they just simply going to be warehoused and then let out, only to repeat their crimi-nal acts and end up back in prison again? We have had some enormous success in Texas and others States about incentivizing low- and medium-risk of-fenders, to provide them an oppor-tunity to deal with their drug or alco-hol problem or to learn a skill that they can earn a living with once they get out of prison or to get a GED. They have been very successful in cutting down on the rate of recidivism, de-creasing the crime rate, and along the way saving the taxpayers money be-cause they don’t have to just build an-other prison to warehouse more people. We can keep the hard-core criminals locked up while we extend an olive branch and some help, a helping hand to those who will take advantage of it to turn their lives around and become productive members of society. So I am looking forward to the President talk-ing about that. I know the President will be talking about that and other important issues, such as immigration, and he will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.024 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES572 January 30, 2018 
speaking from the heart tonight, and we should all listen to his words care-fully. Whether we voted for this Presi-dent or not, he is the duly elected President of the United States, and we, I believe, are obligated—those of us in Congress—to work with him, where we can, to try to help make things better for the people we represent. Once he concludes his remarks to-night, then the ball is in our court to follow up on his calls to action, and I hope we will. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be al-lowed to speak for several minutes and then turn the floor over to the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and then, thereafter, that we may be permitted to engage in a brief col-loquy. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, Senator B
LUMENTHAL and I have come to the floor with a shared concern that the raiding parties are circling the Mueller investigation and preparing for an attack on that investigation. We see this with collateral attacks on individual members of law enforce-ment. We see this with efforts to dis-credit the FBI and the Department of Justice in general. We have seen it even with Presidential tweets seeking to discredit folks who might be wit-nesses before a grand jury, which would, with the right state of mind, ac-tually amount to obstruction of justice itself. The first thing I want to say is that the Senate is entitled to a full and truthful explanation of why Deputy Di-rector McCabe of the FBI left. We do not know the reason behind his sudden, abrupt departure. But we do know that Sally Yates was fired; we do know that Jim Comey was fired; we do know that Bob Mueller was not fired only because White House Counsel threw himself in front of that decision by President Trump and said: If you do that, I am out. So firings at the top of our Depart-ment of Justice are becoming an un-pleasantly frequent thing, and they tend to relate to matters where inves-tigations touch on the White House: Sally Yates and the Flynn investiga-tion; Jim Comey and the obstruction of justice, Russia collusion investigation; and, of course, Bob Mueller leading that investigation. I think we are enti-tled to answers, and I call for a full and truthful explanation. The second thing going on is the more general attack on the FBI, the latest episode of which is this so-called Nunes memo, which has been described by Democratic House Members who have seen that memo and the under-lying documents out of which it was se-lectively cherry-picked as profoundly misleading. It had the political purpose of spreading a false narrative—the po-litical purpose of spreading a false nar-rative. This is like the information op-erations the Kremlin used to run against the free world if they had a po-litical purpose of spreading a false nar-rative. They also said it has the purpose of undermining legitimate investigations. Guess which legitimate investigations they mean. This business of selectively cherry- picking things out of classified infor-mation to spread a false narrative has a very unpleasant echo for me because this is what the Bush administration was up to when it was trying to defend the torture program. They selectively declassified, for instance, that Abu Zubaydah had been the subject of what they called their enhanced interroga-tion techniques program and that he had produced important, actionable in-telligence. What they did not declas-sify was that all the actionable intel-ligence he gave them had been provided before they started on the torture tech-niques. Then, once the pros from Dover came down—who didn’t know anything about how to interrogate somebody but only knew how to do torture tech-niques—he clammed up, and that was the last actionable intelligence we got out of him. So deliberately misleading by selectively declassifying is an estab-lished technique, and it is one that is both shady and dangerous. The process by which this so-called Nunes report or memo came out smells. It is the first ever invocation of an obscure House rule allowing for the selective declassification of material. It happened on a purely partisan vote. Trump’s own appointees to the Depart-ment of Justice have called efforts to release the memo ‘‘extraordinarily reckless.’’ Yet, on a purely partisan vote, using this previously never used rule, they are putting the selectively cherry-picked false narrative out into the public debate. Why are they steaming ahead with a report that Ranking Member A
DAM S
CHIFF says ‘‘contains significant er-rors of fact, mischaracterizations, and omits critical context and detail’’? At the same time, they are pulling one more procedural stunt, which is to stall for at least a week a Democratic report that would rebut and expose the misleading character of the Repub-licans’ document. The only conceivable purpose is to take the false narrative and give it a headstart of a week so that the poison gets out into our information system. Sure enough, they are pounding away at getting that information out. FOX News is already whipping it up, talking about how it is going to be a bombshell and explosive. The House Freedom Cau-cus has Trump revved up about the memo, urging him to support its re-lease—against the advice of his own law enforcement and national security officials. Over at Breitbart, FOX News, and throughout the rightwing echo cham-ber, hashtag ‘‘Release the Memo’’ be-came the rallying cry. Not only was it the rallying cry of Breitbart and FOX News—guess what. It was the rallying cry of our friends, the Russians. Hashtag ‘‘Release the Memo’’ remains the most used hashtag by social media accounts associated with Russian influ-ence operations. Even the President’s son, Don junior, got involved in the game, tweeting out that ‘‘Democrats & deep state govt officials’’—I guess by that he means the Trump appointees who said that releasing this report would be extraordinarily reckless—are behind some mischief and therefore, all caps, ‘‘RELEASE THE MEMO.’’ When you see a political steamroller like that happening, when you see bi-zarre, peculiar, and unprecedented pro-cedures, when you see that it is en-tirely partisan and against the advice of our national security officials, it is hard to draw a good conclusion about what the heck is going on. Mr. President, I yield to my distin-guished colleague from Connecticut. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). The Senator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, we are here at a historic moment. The President of the United States will come before us for his first State of the Union tonight, at a time when there is a credible case of obstruction of justice against him and an overwhelming case to show that the campaign that elected him was aided and abetted by the Rus-sians. But the immediate threat is even more dire. Yesterday was a new low for the House Intelligence Committee. The House Republicans, in an act of par-tisan gutter politics, voted to release a four-page, misleading, deceptive char-acterization of warrants submitted to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. This partisan gutter politics brings us to a dark day of character as-sassination much like the McCarthy days, when Members of this Chamber were counted in history as to whether they stood up and spoke out against this kind of smear campaign. Not only is there character assas-sination at work here but also, equally dangerous to our democracy, the po-tential compromising of sources and methods vital to our national intel-ligence and our national security. That is the reason President Trump’s own appointee at the Department of Jus-tice, Stephen Boyd, stated that the re-lease of this memo would be ‘‘extraor-dinarily reckless.’’ Those words come from a former staffer for a Republican Congress-woman and then-Senator Jeff Ses-sions—hardly a Democratic partisan. ‘‘Extraordinarily reckless.’’ Why? Be-cause this memo, four pages long, sum-marizing a warrant that typically is tens or hundreds of pages, will reveal sources and methods vital to the con-tinued operation of our intelligence community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.025 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S573 January 30, 2018 
My colleague, Senator W HITEHOUSE , has very powerfully and eloquently stated why this development is so threatening and so deeply troubling, but my Republican colleagues are ap-parently averse to listening to this kind of reasonable and sensible need for caution. They are about to ask the President to defy his own Department of Justice and disclose this memo. Now, let’s be very clear. I am one of the leading advocates in this body for transparency and disclosure. In fact, I believe strongly that all of the tran-scripts of interviews before the Judici-ary Committee on the obstruction of justice investigation should be dis-closed, and all of those witnesses should be called before us—in open hearings, under oath—to tell their sto-ries so that the American public can understand what happened. I am in favor of challenges to warrants in the FISA Court—the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court—that may be defec-tive or fallible. In fact, I was the lead-ing advocate and drafter of a provision in the law now that provides for chal-lenges to those warrants. It does so within the bounds of confidentiality that are necessary to protect our se-crets and our national security. What the House Intelligence Com-mittee and potentially the President of the United States are about to do is es-sentially defy the law, an end-run so as to avoid the need for secrecy and con-fidentiality when it comes to intel-ligence gathering vital to our national security. There is a procedure for challenging warrants when they are fallible. The House Republicans are refusing to fol-low it, and they are also refusing to provide any rebuttal to the distortions and mischaracterizations in that four- page memo. Here is the reality: The United States was interested in Carter Page, who was viewed by the FBI as a Rus-sian agent well before the 2016 Presi-dential campaign. In fact, their inter-est dates back to 2013, well before the Steele dossier, well before the election when Russian operatives sought to re-cruit him as a spy. I am going to repeat that. The FBI thought Carter Page, who became a Trump campaign official, was an agent of the Russian Government. That is a stark public truth. That, in and of itself, would have been enough to ob-tain a FISA warrant to surveil him. Remember, he doesn’t have to be con-victed. He doesn’t have to be proven a spy beyond a reasonable doubt. It is the probable cause standard and suffi-cient suspicion that he is a Russian spy that provide the opportunity, legally, and indeed the obligation to do surveil-lance. We also know that European and other intelligence agencies—including from the UK, Netherlands, Germany, France, Poland, Estonia, and Aus-tralia—all discovered interactions be-tween Trump’s inner circle and Rus-sian intelligence beginning in 2015. In fact, the Australian Government told the FBI that George Papadopoulos bragged to an Australian diplomat over drinks at a bar that Russia had ‘‘polit-ical dirt’’ on Hillary Clinton while he was working for the Trump campaign. We know also that the Dutch Govern-ment informed the FBI of Russian in-terference in the 2016 Presidential elec-tion through hacking. We know that Carter Page openly traveled to Moscow to give a pro-Russian speech, and we know he met with Russian officials just as the Kremlin was working to un-dermine the 2016 election. The purpose of releasing this memo is to create, very simply, a false nar-rative, a distraction, a red herring— call it whatever you wish. Its purpose is to discredit and degrade the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the De-partment of Justice—law enforcement agencies that deserve the American people’s support no matter who they are investigating as long as they are doing it objectively and dispassion-ately, as they are doing here. Republicans conveniently ignore the facts—not only the facts that I have just recounted, the facts that are de-classified, but also facts that they know well, facts that may continue to be classified. A 4-page memo simply cannot accurately summarize what is typically 100 pages or more in a FISA warrant application without cherry- picking facts to suit the Republican author’s message. I want to paraphrase one of our former colleagues, my friend and men-tor Senator Patrick Moynihan: Every-body is entitled to their own opinion but not their own facts. The American people should not be selectively presented with the facts and deceived by a memo that amounts to character assassination, a memo that endangers our national security, compromises the sources and methods of our intelligence community, and has only the purpose of degrading and dis-crediting the FBI and our Department of Justice as they engage in a valid, necessary investigation, through the special counsel, of Russian collusion in the last campaign, with the campaign itself, electing Donald Trump, and po-tential obstruction of justice after-ward. The hypocrisy and silence of many of my Republican colleagues in both Houses is deeply disappointing. Now is the time for people of conscience to stand up and speak out in favor of the rule of law and know that the fate and future of our democracy depends on it. There will be a lot of rhetoric tonight in these Halls, but what matters now is action to defend our democracy. I am grateful to my very distinguished col-league for calling attention to the con-tinued Russian meddling and inter-ference in our democracy. Hashtag ‘‘Release the Memo,’’ which was retweeted 200,000 percent in a span of 48 hours and became the leading hashtag on twitter, was spread by accounts as-sociated with the Russian Government or agents. House Republicans are playing right into the hands of the Russians. The President of the United States, defying the law, declined to impose sanctions even after an overwhelming number of our colleagues here—98 to 2—voted in favor of those sanctions. Why is it that Donald Trump is so much enthralled with Vladimir Putin and the Russians? Perhaps it is because of the last cam-paign. They are continuing with their inter-ference and meddling, and they will do it again in 2018. CIA Director Mike Pompeo said today that they will do it again. And indeed they will unless they are made to pay a price. The absence of sanctions speaks louder than my words. It is time for us to stand up and speak out. I thank my colleague from the State of Rhode Island for being here today to join me. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, to follow the words of my distinguished colleague from Connecticut, not only are House Republicans—to use his phrase—playing into the hands of the Russians, they are actually playing by the playbook of the Russians. If you understand the Russian information warfare, the Gerasimov doctrine, the way in which Russians—and before them, Soviets—for years tried to poi-son the factual environment around them, and then you put that up against this scheme where you start with the selective release of classified material that the public can’t get behind be-cause the rest is classified, the false narrative that the ranking member has pointed out that that creates, the par-tisan and peculiar process for getting there, the ignoring of warnings from their own national security officials about how bad this is, the convenient whipping up of all of this in far-right media at the same time, the amplifi-cation of that actually by Russian bots and other sources, and the fact that this is all pointed, not coincidentally, at the agency and officials who are en-gaged in investigating the Trump White House and the Trump campaign, it is so appallingly obvious what the game is that is being played here. It is stunning to me, to follow on what Senator B
LUMENTHAL said, that we have heard nothing—at least I have heard nothing—perhaps the Senator from Connecticut can illuminate fur-ther, but I have heard nothing from our Director of National Intelligence, DNI Coats, and I have heard nothing from CIA Director Pompeo for—how long it has been? Since the very foundation of the FISA Court in the wake of Water-gate, it has been an essential defense of our intelligence community that they don’t want release of the FISA Court records. Now we have a partisan re-lease that touches back to FISA appli-cations that the Department of Justice has said is reckless. And where are they? It is astonishing that the custodians of those secrets appear to have absolutely no concern about this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.027 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES574 January 30, 2018 
partisan and peculiar, selective release of classified information. I will echo another point Senator B
LUMENTHAL made. This just happens to be happening at a time when the sanctions we voted on by massive bi-partisan majorities—I can stack the votes together, House and Senate. It was something like 515 to 5. It was an enormous, bipartisan vote to sanction the Russians for what they have been doing, and that just went live. The President could impose those sanctions now. Yet he has not. What is the expla-nation? The only people this President seems incapable of being tough on are Rus-sians. It is a very unpleasant set of co-incidences. At the same time, here we are with the Republican leadership in the House and the Republican leader-ship in the Senate and virtually every law enforcement and national security official who has come before us is say-ing: Hey, yeah, they did attack our last election in 2016, and they are going to attack our next election in 2018. We are warned that a hostile foreign power is going to attack our 2018 elec-tion. Where is the legislation to defend against that? Where is the markup of the legislation? Where is the effort to do what needs to be done to defend our democracy? Here we are just a few months out from the election. We are 9 months out. Do I have the math right? It is 9 months between here and there. Nothing. Why is it that whenever the Russians come up, it seems that the Republican Party has to go into complete stasis, just roll right over. I offer those thoughts to the distin-guished Senator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I want to very quickly and simply emphasize a couple of those very important points, and maybe the overriding one is the need for action. The Presiding Officer has dem-onstrated repeatedly his convictions and conscience, and I want to say how much I have admired much of what he has done during his Senate career. My hope is that others in this body will step forward and say: Enough is enough. The FISA Court—Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court—is a care-fully crafted bipartisan institution meant to protect our country against foreign threats that would destroy our democracy—the very kinds of threats that Russia has repeatedly mounted against us. Its function is balanced by a concern about civil rights and civil liberties, which is why it is a court that must approve warrants for sur-veillance and searches. Its secrecy goes to the core of what it does so that the agents, operatives, and informants who are the sources of intelligence are pro-tected. The House Intelligence Committee is about to trash that carefully crafted structure. They are about to release a memo that says, in effect: That court— that carefully crafted balance as a re-sult of bipartisan work over many years, involving many in this Cham-ber—means nothing. We will use it for the most gross partisan purposes, par-tisan gutter politics, and character as-sassination. It is a reminder of the darkest days of the McCarthy era when similarly there was a contempt for basic fairness which persisted until Senator McCar-thy was asked: Have you no sense of decency? We are at that moment now, but it is a moment that is dark for all of us in this democracy. It is a moment that should elicit our strongest impulses for decency and democracy. We know that the special counsel is proceeding with his investigation. We know there is a need to protect that special counsel against firing and polit-ical interference. We know there is a need for legislation that is bipartisan, and the need is now. This use of the most gross partisan politics and tactics is proof-positive that there is a need for this legislation. My hope against hope is that the President will, in fact, impose sanc-tions; that there will be a bipartisan outcry against this defiance of a 517-to- 5 vote, and in this body, a 98-to-2 vote; that there should be sanctions when there is this defiance of our interests by the Russian Government; and, rath-er than simply listing oligarchs from a Forbes magazine account, that there be real action and accountability. Cer-tainly, the President has avoided the finding of significant transactions, which is his duty under the law. We need people of conscience and conviction now to step forward at this historic moment. In speeches going for-ward, I hope that, again, the Senator from Rhode Island—my friend and a leader in this body—will come to the floor and talk further about this issue. For now, my hope is that the Presi-dent will heed the advice he has re-ceived from his Department of Justice. Yet it is not really his; it is the Na-tion’s Department of Justice. It is his appointee who has said that the release of this memo would be extraordinarily reckless, that it would be reckless, rep-rehensible, irresponsible, and in defi-ance of the President’s duty to uphold the Constitution and the rule of law. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the January 29, 2018, vote on calendar No. 294, motion to invoke cloture on the motion to pro-ceed to S. 2311, the Pain-Capable Un-born Children Protection Act. I would have voted nay. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the January 29, 2018, vote on Executive Calendar No. 622, motion to invoke cloture on David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be U.S. circuit judge for the Eighth Circuit. I would have voted nay. f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I offer this statement to ensure the record re-flects my opposition to the Pain-Capa-ble Unborn Child Protection Act, S. 2311, calendar No. 294, as considered by the Senate on Monday, January 29, 2018. Cloture was not invoked on the motion to proceed to S. 2311 by a vote of 51 to 46. Unfortunately, I was unable to be present for the rollcall vote to in-voke cloture on this measure due to multiple flight delays traveling from Wisconsin to Washington, DC. I oppose this divisive legislation and would have voted against it, as I have previously when I voted against cloture on the motion to proceed to this legis-lation, H.R. 36 when it was considered by the Senate on September 22, 2015. Let me be clear: I believe every Amer-ican woman deserves access to quality, safe healthcare and the freedom to ex-ercise her individual and constitu-tional rights to make her own private health decisions with her family and her doctor, without political inter-ference. Too many States have already en-acted record numbers of laws that re-strict a woman’s access to reproductive health services and the freedom to make her own healthcare decisions. In Wisconsin, numerous measures have been signed into law that impose un-reasonable requirements on providers and clinics that often leave families with nowhere to turn and threaten the ability of clinics in my home State to keep their doors open. Like the meas-ure before the Senate, introduced by Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM , Republican politicians in Wisconsin have already enacted a 20-week ban on abortion pro-cedures in our state, which has real and grave consequences for our fami-lies. Politicians are doing this because they think they know better than women and their doctors. The fact is they don’t. It is not the job of politi-cians to play doctor and to dictate how these professionals practice medicine, nor is it the job of government to in-trude into the private lives and impor-tant health decisions of American fam-ilies. The threat in Wisconsin and in States across the country is clear: When politicians play doctor, Amer-ican families suffer. This is why my good friend and colleague Senator R
ICHARD BLUMENTHAL and I have intro-duced the Women’s Health Protection Act, S. 510, which would put a stop to these attacks on women’s freedoms. This measure would prohibit laws, in-cluding State and local regulations, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.029 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S575 January 30, 2018 
which unduly limit access to abortion services, including laws that single out providers, close down clinics, and im-pose onerous restrictions that do noth-ing to further women’s health or safe-ty. I will continue to work for access to comprehensive reproductive care and vote against proposals that threaten a woman’s right to make her own health decisions. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COLONEL ALBERT J. GOMEZ Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, my col-league Senator J
IMRISCH joins me today in honoring LTC Albert J. Gomez on his outstanding career as he retires from serving as the West Point field force State coordinator. Lieutenant Colonel Gomez—Al—has set a standard of excellence in Idaho leaving a lasting, positive impression in the lives of many. For nearly 20 years, he has been an invaluable asset to our offices. In 2000, the Idaho con-gressional delegation began to hold an-nual service academy days. Service academy days are an opportunity to provide information to Idaho’s best and brightest young men and women who are interested in attending our Na-tion’s service academies. Al has been instrumental in setting up service academy days from the beginning while juggling deployment and other com-mitments. He has assisted numerous Idaho students with obtaining an ex-ceptional educational and service op-portunities available at the U.S. Mili-tary Academy at West Point. He is re-sponsible for incorporating the prin-ciple method into the delegation’s nomination process, which has made a significant difference in the number of Idaho appointees to West Point. In fact, he is considered the ‘‘secret weap-on’’ in our delegation responsible for the high success rate of Idaho students receiving appointments to West Point. For Lieutenant Colonel Gomez, his re-markable work has always been about his love for West Point and our coun-try. He is known for his extraordinary mentorship of youth, and candidates are frequently told to listen to Al if they want to be successful. As a West Point alumni, Al has clear insight into what it takes to succeed at a service academy and what it means to serve our Nation. He earned his reg-ular Army commission in 1979 and started his career in 1980 as a lance missile platoon leader serving in Ger-many. His assignments took him and his family to Fort Sill, OK, and Neckarsulm, Germany, which included command of a Pershing II missile nu-clear capable firing battery. He served in deployments in support of Oper-ations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. He was selected to represent the U.S. Army and provide testimony to the Presidential Commission on the As-signment of Women in the Armed Forces in November 1992. Al continued his military education with a 1994 grad-uation from the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth, KS. He served as a State Inspector General for both the Idaho and Guam National Guard for nearly a decade before his re-tirement from the U.S. Army in 2006. As a civilian, he worked for the Idaho National Guard as a special security of-ficer for the Supervisor Human Re-source Office before his current posi-tion, as the State equal employment manager. His strong work ethic and dedication have not only given him a reputation among the delegation of being a go-to- guy when something needs to be done right and quickly, but also have con-tributed to him being recognized with many honors for his service to our country. These include the Legion of Merit; Bronze Star Medal; Meritorious Service Medal, 4th Award; Army Com-mendation Medal, 3rd Award; Army Achievement Medal; National Defense Service Medal, 2nd Award; and many other recognitions. Lieutenant Colonel Gomez has set an honorable example in how he cares for Idaho service academy candidates and how he has served our Nation. He has created a strong team of West Point li-aison officers who will continue his mission of providing Idaho students a chance to obtain a world-class edu-cation. We congratulate LTC Albert Gomez on his exemplary career. Your leadership and friendship will be greatly missed. Thank you for set-ting such a high standard of out-standing service to our Nation and Ida-hoans. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL WETHERBEE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Sheridan School Superintendent Micheal Wetherbee for his commitment to students’ success. Mike was recently honored with the 2017 Montana Asso-ciation of Agricultural Educators’ Ad-ministrator of the Year award, as well as the 2017 Montana Association of Ca-reer and Technical Education’s Admin-istrator of the Year award. Mike came out of retirement to serve as superintendent when he saw there was a need in the community. When STEM and STEAM learning were just getting a foothold in education, Mike wanted to be sure the school would be on the frontlines. With buy-in from the community, Sheridan Schools are be-coming well known for putting kids on a path to success through hands-on learning and experiences. In fact, high school students are now teaching fourth graders how to code. In Mike’s own words, ‘‘We’ve got it going on aca-demically.’’ When asked about the awards, Mike is much more interested in talking about what the school is doing to build a great FFA program and thriving business department. What excites him the most about these programs, which he has been recognized for, are the op-portunities they provide students to leave Sheridan High School and be-come successful in other places. Mike, who grew up in Montana, understands what service to the community means, and he is doing it every day by building up the students in Sheridan schools. Thanks, Mike, for your continued work to shape Montana kids into the bright leaders of Montana’s future. ∑ f 
STATE OF THE UNION ESSAY CONTEST WINNERS ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, since 2010, I have sponsored a State of the Union essay contest for Vermont high school students. This contest gives stu-dents in my State the opportunity to articulate what issues they would prioritize if they were President of the United States. I would like to congratulate the al-most 600 students who participated this year. It is truly heartening to see so many young people engaged in finding solutions for the problems that face our country. To my mind, this is what democracy is all about. A volunteer panel of Vermont teach-ers reviewed the essays and chose Mar-jorie ‘‘Maggie’’ Parker as this year’s winner. Maggie, a sophomore at Wood-stock Union High School, focused on the need to prevent hate crimes, par-ticularly against members of the LGBT community. Alaura Rich, a senior at St. Johnsbury Academy, was the second place winner. Alaura wrote about the prohibitive cost of a college education at a time when the United States needs to have the best educated workforce in the world. Oliver Minshall, a junior at Hanover High School, was the third place win-ner, having written about addressing income inequality and creating a more equitable and sustainable economy. I am very proud to ask to have print-ed in the R
ECORD the essays submitted by Maggie, Alaura, and Oliver. The ma-terial follows: 
MARJORIE PARKER , WOODSTOCK HIGH SCHOOL  
SOPHOMORE , WINNER  In our current day and age, I believe that one major challenge that faces our country is the prevention of hate crimes against mi-norities. One group I believe needs specific protection, especially with the new adminis-tration, are members of the LGBT commu-nity. With the recent military ban on transgender Americans, the LGBT commu-nity is feeling singled out and at risk. One way to bring a greater feeling of peace to these fellow Americans is by increasing pro-tections instead of taking them away. I be-lieve two major steps forward to help these people would be a law against employment discrimination for LGBT people, and also a repeal of ‘‘bathroom bills’’ which put transgender people at a greater risk of being harassed for their identity. Firstly, on the topic of employment dis-crimination, many LGBT Americans face discrimination in the workplace simply for being open about their identities. In 2011, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.003 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES576 January 30, 2018 
Williams Institute on Sexual Orientation Law and Public Policy conducted a series of surveys and found that 43 percent of LGBT Americans said they had faced discrimina-tion in the workplace, and also found that straight coworkers say they had witnessed discrimination based on sexual orientation. One way to solve these struggles would be to put in place a law that prohibits employers discriminating against current and prospec-tive employees on the basis of gender iden-tity or sexual orientation. A law such as this could help reduce workplace discrimination and make it easier for LGBT people to find a hold a job. Second, on the topic of so-called ‘‘bath-room bills’’, all people should have a safe place to use the restroom, regardless of gen-der identity. During the Obama presidency, an order was put into place that allowed stu-dents in all public schools to use the bath-room that best matched their gender iden-tity. While there was much push-back, this was generally a step forward for young transgender people. However, early in 2017, President Trump reversed this order, effec-tively taking away much protection for transgender youth. It is important for this order not only to go back into place for schools but also in all places. It is unfair and uncomfortable for transgender Americans, who are living their lives as their true iden-tity, to be forced to use a restroom that does not correspond to that identity. This is not only an embarrassment for them, but can also put them at greater risk of violence in said bathroom. All in all, I believe that protection for LGBT Americans is one major challenge fac-ing our country. If we truly want to be an ex-ample of an accepting country, with protec-tions for minorities, we have to be able to step up and protect our fellow citizens. Through the changes I have outlined above, as well as others, I truly believe that our country can start to be a leader in the civil rights movement across the world. 
ALAURA RICH , ST. JOHNSBURY ACADEMY SENIOR , 
SECOND PLACE  As the country that leads the global econ-omy, the United States needs the best-edu-cated workforce in the world. Our Nation cannot afford to be left behind due to a lack of fair and just educational opportunities. Yet, the educational system in America is failing to provide some of the brightest and most capable young people across the Nation with equal educational opportunities: ones that are affordable for minorities who are of low socioeconomic status or are the first in their family to attend college. As a member of Upward Bound, one of the federally-funded TRIO programs that sup-ports first-generation, low-income students, I have known for years that the cost of col-lege was going to be a considerable barrier for me. However, it was my understanding that if I worked hard enough, I would find the means to pay for my college education without going deeply into debt. This assur-ance diminished after receiving my first award letter from a public, in-state univer-sity with notice that I would need to borrow $40,000 over a four year period—$10,000 above the national borrowing average—just to at-tend a public school within my own State. Many students like myself across the Nation face these same financial barriers. Although there are many major issues that our country is struggling to solve, our frac-tured, inequitable educational system does not fall short of making this list. The appeal of a college education has shifted dramati-cally from what it began as: rather than a means of developing equal opportunities for young people in pursuit of work-related skills and knowledge, it has become a soci-etal expectation with a large price tag that can only be easily achieved by those of upper-middle-class status. First-generation, low-income students are left at a significant disadvantage. These students often lack pa-rental support, knowledge of the process, and critical resources. Furthermore, their coun-try is failing to provide them with the finan-cial aid system that they desperately need in order to afford a college education. It’s time to enact change within the Amer-ican higher education system. We must make public colleges and universities tui-tion-free, end the Federal Government’s abil-ity to make a profit off student loans, sub-stantially cut student loan interest rates, and allow low-income students to use need- based financial aid and work-study programs to make their college debt-free by covering room and board, books, and living expenses. By taking these steps, the opportunity gap in America would see a significant decrease. Minority students would see the same basic right to higher education as their more ad-vantaged peers, and the future economic state of our Nation would be in the hands of the promising young individuals who are currently being underrepresented in colleges nationwide due to a lack of support. The Declaration of Independence birthed the un-derlying fundamental foundation of our Na-tion’s belief in both opportunity and upward mobility, and it is the responsibility of the United States government to ensure equal educational opportunities for all. OLIVER MINSHALL , HANOVER HIGH SCHOOL  
JUNIOR , THIRD PLACE  Income inequality is our greatest chal-lenge, our most present danger and an exis-tential threat to America. Our society is among the most unequal societies in the world, consistently ranking behind other in-dustrialized nations, like France and Den-mark according to the CIA. Leaders are tak-ing notice of this issue, in 2013 President Obama declared that making the economy work for everyone was ‘‘the defining chal-lenge of our time.’’ To improve the state of this great country, we must find a solution to the pernicious scourge of income inequal-ity and create a more just, equitable and sus-tainable path for our economy. An analysis by economist Edward Wolf confirmed that the top one percent of income earners own 40 percent of the country’s wealth, the highest share in 50 years. At a time when we are among the most pros-perous nations in the world, the bottom ninety percent has less wealth than the top one percent. Robert Reich has observed closely as the very building blocks of cap-italism have been strategically manipulated by the wealthiest one percent and large cor-porations for their own benefit. Thomas Piketty discovered that modern markets tend to produce increasing inequality in the long run due to the tendency of capital in-vestments to increase in value at a faster rate than the economy at large. Median in-come rose to its highest level ever in 2017 ac-cording to Business Insider but when ad-justed for inflation the real purchasing power for many poor and middle class people is stagnant. While the sources of this in-equality are far from certain, the deleterious effect on society is indubitable. This is not just a moral problem but a threat to the future of American democracy. The political scientist Martin Gilens con-tends that while America enjoys many of the features of political democracy, citizens have so little economic power, and therefore influence, their views do not have any prac-tical effect on policymaking. That is an at-tack on popular sovereignty, a core principle of our democratic system. Piketty too points out this trend, asserting that while some in-equality is necessary for the function of effi-cient markets, excess inequality is detri-mental to the long term function of our democratic institutions. Furthermore un-equal societies undermine the very markets they are based upon. Inequality causes polit-ical and economic turmoil that harms soci-ety. The solution to this issue is a comprehen-sive strategy to deal with inequality. We need to raise taxes on the top one percent, implement the Harkin-Defazio financial transactions tax, remove the arbitrary and regressive cap on taxable income for Social Security payroll taxes, tax capital gains as earned income and use the revenue to fund new programs like free tuition, a public op-tion in healthcare, and new infrastructure. If we embrace these policies and the shared ideals of economic justice, and political de-mocracy we can transform America into a vibrant and equitable society worthy of the American dream and those who strive every day to realize it.∑ f PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE STATE OF THE UNION DELIVERED TO A JOINT SESSION OF CONGRESS ON JANU-ARY 30, 2018—PM 25 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States which was ordered to lie on the table: To the Congress of the United States: Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, Members of Congress, the First Lady of the United States, and my fellow Americans: Less than 1 year has passed since I first stood at this podium, in this ma-jestic chamber, to speak on behalf of the American People—and to address their concerns, their hopes, and their dreams. That night, our new Adminis-tration had already taken swift action. A new tide of optimism was already sweeping across our land. Each day since, we have gone forward with a clear vision and a righteous mis-sion—to make America great again for all Americans. Over the last year, we have made in-credible progress and achieved extraor-dinary success. We have faced chal-lenges we expected, and others we could never have imagined. We have shared in the heights of victory and the pains of hardship. We endured floods and fires and storms. But through it all, we have seen the beauty of Amer-ica’s soul, and the steel in America’s spine. Each test has forged new American heroes to remind us who we are, and show us what we can be. We saw the volunteers of the ‘‘Cajun Navy,’’ racing to the rescue with their fishing boats to save people in the aftermath of a devastating hurricane. We saw strangers shielding strangers from a hail of gunfire on the Las Vegas strip. We heard tales of Americans like Coast Guard Petty Officer Ashlee Leppert, who is here tonight in the gal-lery with Melania. Ashlee was aboard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.005 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S577 January 30, 2018 
one of the first helicopters on the scene in Houston during Hurricane Harvey. Through 18 hours of wind and rain, Ashlee braved live power lines and deep water, to help save more than 40 lives. Thank you, Ashlee. We heard about Americans like fire-fighter David Dahlberg. He is here with us too. David faced down walls of flame to rescue almost 60 children trapped at a California summer camp threatened by wildfires. To everyone still recovering in Texas, Florida, Louisiana, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, California, and ev-erywhere else—we are with you, we love you, and we will pull through to-gether. Some trials over the past year touched this chamber very personally. With us tonight is one of the toughest people ever to serve in this House—a guy who took a bullet, almost died, and was back to work three and a half months later: the legend from Lou-isiana, Congressman S
TEVE SCALISE . We are incredibly grateful for the he-roic efforts of the Capitol Police Offi-cers, the Alexandria Police, and the doctors, nurses, and paramedics who saved his life, and the lives of many others in this room. In the aftermath of that terrible shooting, we came together, not as Re-publicans or Democrats, but as rep-resentatives of the people. But it is not enough to come together only in times of tragedy. Tonight, I call upon all of us to set aside our differences, to seek out common ground, and to summon the unity we need to deliver for the people we were elected to serve. Over the last year, the world has seen what we always knew: that no people on Earth are so fearless, or daring, or determined as Americans. If there is a mountain, we climb it. If there is a frontier, we cross it. If there is a chal-lenge, we tame it. If there is an oppor-tunity, we seize it. So let us begin tonight by recog-nizing that the state of our Union is strong because our people are strong. And together, we are building a safe, strong, and proud America. Since the election, we have created 2.4 million new jobs, including 200,000 new jobs in manufacturing alone. After years of wage stagnation, we are fi-nally seeing rising wages. Unemployment claims have hit a 45- year low. African-American unemploy-ment stands at the lowest rate ever re-corded, and Hispanic American unem-ployment has also reached the lowest levels in history. Small business confidence is at an all-time high. The stock market has smashed one record after another, gaining $8 trillion in value. That is great news for Americans’ 401k, retire-ment, pension, and college savings ac-counts. And just as I promised the American people from this podium 11 months ago, we enacted the biggest tax cuts and re-forms in American history. Our massive tax cuts provide tremen-dous relief for the middle class and small businesses. To lower tax rates for hardworking Americans, we nearly doubled the standard deduction for everyone. Now, the first $24,000 earned by a married couple is completely tax-free. We also doubled the child tax credit. A typical family of four making $75,000 will see their tax bill reduced by $2,000—slashing their tax bill in half. This April will be the last time you ever file under the old broken system— and millions of Americans will have more take-home pay starting next month. We eliminated an especially cruel tax that fell mostly on Americans making less than $50,000 a year—forcing them to pay tremendous penalties simply be-cause they could not afford govern-ment-ordered health plans. We repealed the core of disastrous Obamacare—the individual mandate is now gone. We slashed the business tax rate from 35 percent all the way down to 21 per-cent, so American companies can com-pete and win against anyone in the world. These changes alone are esti-mated to increase average family in-come by more than $4,000. Small businesses have also received a massive tax cut, and can now deduct 20 percent of their business income. Here tonight are Steve Staub and Sandy Keplinger of Staub Manufac-turing—a small business in Ohio. They have just finished the best year in their 20-year history. Because of tax reform, they are handing out raises, hiring an additional 14 people, and expanding into the building next door. One of Staub’s employees, Corey Adams, is also with us tonight. Corey is an all-American worker. He sup-ported himself through high school, lost his job during the 2008 recession, and was later hired by Staub, where he trained to become a welder. Like many hardworking Americans, Corey plans to invest his tax-cut raise into his new home and his two daughters’ edu-cation. Please join me in congratu-lating Corey. Since we passed tax cuts, roughly 3 million workers have already gotten tax cut bonuses—many of them thou-sands of dollars per worker. Apple has just announced it plans to invest a total of $350 billion in America, and hire another 20,000 workers. This is our new American moment. There has never been a better time to start living the American Dream. So to every citizen watching at home tonight—no matter where you have been, or where you come from, this is your time. If you work hard, if you be-lieve in yourself, if you believe in America, then you can dream any-thing, you can be anything, and to-gether, we can achieve anything. Tonight, I want to talk about what kind of future we are going to have, and what kind of Nation we are going to be. All of us, together, as one team, one people, and one American family. We all share the same home, the same heart, the same destiny, and the same great American flag. Together, we are rediscovering the American way. In America, we know that faith and family, not government and bureauc-racy, are the center of the American life. Our motto is ‘‘in God we trust.’’ And we celebrate our police, our military, and our amazing veterans as heroes who deserve our total and un-wavering support. Here tonight is Preston Sharp, a 12- year-old boy from Redding, California, who noticed that veterans’ graves were not marked with flags on Veterans Day. He decided to change that, and started a movement that has now placed 40,000 flags at the graves of our great heroes. Preston: a job well done. Young patriots like Preston teach all of us about our civic duty as Ameri-cans. Preston’s reverence for those who have served our Nation reminds us why we salute our flag, why we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of allegiance, and why we proudly stand for the national anthem. Americans love their country. And they deserve a Government that shows them the same love and loyalty in re-turn. For the last year we have sought to restore the bonds of trust between our citizens and their Government. Working with the Senate, we are ap-pointing judges who will interpret the Constitution as written, including a great new Supreme Court Justice, and more circuit court judges than any new administration in the history of our country. We are defending our Second Amend-ment, and have taken historic actions to protect religious liberty. And we are serving our brave vet-erans, including giving our veterans choice in their healthcare decisions. Last year, the Congress passed, and I signed, the landmark VA Account-ability Act. Since its passage, my Ad-ministration has already removed more than 1,500 VA employees who failed to give our veterans the care they de-serve—and we are hiring talented peo-ple who love our vets as much as we do. I will not stop until our veterans are properly taken care of, which has been my promise to them from the very be-ginning of this great journey. All Americans deserve accountability and respect—and that is what we are giving them. So tonight, I call on the Congress to empower every Cabinet Secretary with the authority to reward good workers—and to remove Federal employees who undermine the public trust or fail the American people. In our drive to make Washington ac-countable, we have eliminated more regulations in our first year than any administration in history. We have ended the war on American Energy—and we have ended the war on clean coal. We are now an exporter of energy to the world. In Detroit, I halted Government mandates that crippled America’s autoworkers—so we can get the Motor City revving its engines once again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.026 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES578 January 30, 2018 
Many car companies are now building and expanding plants in the United States—something we have not seen for decades. Chrysler is moving a major plant from Mexico to Michigan; Toyota and Mazda are opening up a plant in Ala-bama. Soon, plants will be opening up all over the country. This is all news Americans are unaccustomed to hear-ing—for many years, companies and jobs were only leaving us. But now they are coming back. Exciting progress is happening every day. To speed access to breakthrough cures and affordable generic drugs, last year the FDA approved more new and generic drugs and medical devices than ever before in our history. We also believe that patients with terminal conditions should have access to experimental treatments that could potentially save their lives. People who are terminally ill should not have to go from country to country to seek a cure—I want to give them a chance right here at home. It is time for the Congress to give these wonder-ful Americans the ‘‘right to try.’’ One of my greatest priorities is to re-duce the price of prescription drugs. In many other countries, these drugs cost far less than what we pay in the United States. That is why I have directed my Administration to make fixing the in-justice of high drug prices one of our top priorities. Prices will come down. America has also finally turned the page on decades of unfair trade deals that sacrificed our prosperity and shipped away our companies, our jobs, and our Nation’s wealth. The era of economic surrender is over. From now on, we expect trading rela-tionships to be fair and to be recip-rocal. We will work to fix bad trade deals and negotiate new ones. And we will protect American work-ers and American intellectual prop-erty, through strong enforcement of our trade rules. As we rebuild our industries, it is also time to rebuild our crumbling in-frastructure. America is a nation of builders. We built the Empire State Building in just 1 year—is it not a disgrace that it can now take 10 years just to get a permit approved for a simple road? I am asking both parties to come to-gether to give us the safe, fast, reli-able, and modern infrastructure our economy needs and our people deserve. Tonight, I am calling on the Congress to produce a bill that generates at least $1.5 trillion for the new infra-structure investment we need. Every Federal dollar should be lever-aged by partnering with State and local governments and, where appro-priate, tapping into private sector in-vestment—to permanently fix the in-frastructure deficit. Any bill must also streamline the permitting and approval process—get-ting it down to no more than two years, and perhaps even one. Together, we can reclaim our build-ing heritage. We will build gleaming new roads, bridges, highways, railways, and waterways across our land. And we will do it with American heart, Amer-ican hands, and American grit. We want every American to know the dignity of a hard day’s work. We want every child to be safe in their home at night. And we want every citizen to be proud of this land that we love. We can lift our citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independ-ence, and from poverty to prosperity. As tax cuts create new jobs, let us in-vest in workforce development and job training. Let us open great vocational schools so our future workers can learn a craft and realize their full potential. And let us support working families by supporting paid family leave. As America regains its strength, this opportunity must be extended to all citizens. That is why this year we will embark on reforming our prisons to help former inmates who have served their time get a second chance. Struggling communities, especially immigrant communities, will also be helped by immigration policies that focus on the best interests of American workers and American families. For decades, open borders have al-lowed drugs and gangs to pour into our most vulnerable communities. They have allowed millions of low-wage workers to compete for jobs and wages against the poorest Americans. Most tragically, they have caused the loss of many innocent lives. Here tonight are two fathers and two mothers: Evelyn Rodriguez, Freddy Cuevas, Elizabeth Alvarado, and Rob-ert Mickens. Their two teenage daugh-ters—Kayla Cuevas and Nisa Mickens— were close friends on Long Island. But in September 2016, on the eve of Nisa’s 16th Birthday, neither of them came home. These two precious girls were brutally murdered while walking to-gether in their hometown. Six mem-bers of the savage gang MS–13 have been charged with Kayla and Nisa’s murders. Many of these gang members took advantage of glaring loopholes in our laws to enter the country as unac-companied alien minors—and wound up in Kayla and Nisa’s high school. Evelyn, Elizabeth, Freddy, and Rob-ert: Tonight, everyone in this chamber is praying for you. Everyone in Amer-ica is grieving for you. And 320 million hearts are breaking for you. We cannot imagine the depth of your sorrow, but we can make sure that other families never have to endure this pain. Tonight, I am calling on the Congress to finally close the deadly loopholes that have allowed MS–13, and other criminals, to break into our country. We have proposed new legislation that will fix our immigration laws, and sup-port our ICE and Border Patrol Agents, so that this cannot ever happen again. The United States is a compassionate nation. We are proud that we do more than any other country to help the needy, the struggling, and the under-privileged all over the world. But as President of the United States, my highest loyalty, my greatest compas-sion, and my constant concern is for America’s children, America’s strug-gling workers, and America’s forgotten communities. I want our youth to grow up to achieve great things. I want our poor to have their chance to rise. So tonight, I am extending an open hand to work with members of both parties—Democrats and Republicans— to protect our citizens of every back-ground, color, religion, and creed. My duty, and the sacred duty of every elected official in this chamber, is to defend Americans—to protect their safety, their families, their commu-nities, and their right to the American Dream. Because Americans are dream-ers too. Here tonight is one leader in the ef-fort to defend our country: Homeland Security Investigations Special Agent Celestino Martinez—he goes by CJ. CJ served 15 years in the Air Force before becoming an ICE agent and spending the last 15 years fighting gang violence and getting dangerous criminals off our streets. At one point, MS–13 leaders or-dered CJ’s murder. But he did not cave to threats or fear. Last May, he com-manded an operation to track down gang members on Long Island. His team has arrested nearly 400, including more than 220 from MS–13. CJ: Great work. Now let us get the Congress to send you some reinforce-ments. Over the next few weeks, the House and Senate will be voting on an immi-gration reform package. In recent months, my Administration has met extensively with both Demo-crats and Republicans to craft a bipar-tisan approach to immigration reform. Based on these discussions, we pre-sented the Congress with a detailed proposal that should be supported by both parties as a fair compromise—one where nobody gets everything they want, but where our country gets the critical reforms it needs. Here are the four pillars of our plan: The first pillar of our framework gen-erously offers a path to citizenship for 1.8 million illegal immigrants who were brought here by their parents at a young age—that covers almost three times more people than the previous administration. Under our plan, those who meet education and work require-ments, and show good moral character, will be able to become full citizens of the United States. The second pillar fully secures the border. That means building a wall on the Southern border, and it means hir-ing more heroes like CJ to keep our communities safe. Crucially, our plan closes the terrible loopholes exploited by criminals and terrorists to enter our country—and it finally ends the dan-gerous practice of ‘‘catch and release.’’ The third pillar ends the visa lot-tery—a program that randomly hands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.027 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S579 January 30, 2018 
out green cards without any regard for skill, merit, or the safety of our people. It is time to begin moving towards a merit-based immigration system—one that admits people who are skilled, who want to work, who will contribute to our society, and who will love and respect our country. The fourth and final pillar protects the nuclear family by ending chain mi-gration. Under the current broken sys-tem, a single immigrant can bring in virtually unlimited numbers of distant relatives. Under our plan, we focus on the immediate family by limiting spon-sorships to spouses and minor children. This vital reform is necessary, not just for our economy, but for our security, and our future. In recent weeks, two terrorist at-tacks in New York were made possible by the visa lottery and chain migra-tion. In the age of terrorism, these pro-grams present risks we can no longer afford. It is time to reform these outdated immigration rules, and finally bring our immigration system into the 21st century. These four pillars represent a down- the-middle compromise, and one that will create a safe, modern, and lawful immigration system. For over 30 years, Washington has tried and failed to solve this problem. This Congress can be the one that fi-nally makes it happen. Most importantly, these four pillars will produce legislation that fulfills my ironclad pledge to only sign a bill that puts America first. So let us come to-gether, set politics aside, and finally get the job done. These reforms will also support our response to the terrible crisis of opioid and drug addiction. In 2016, we lost 64,000 Americans to drug overdoses: 174 deaths per day. Seven per hour. We must get much tougher on drug dealers and pushers if we are going to succeed in stopping this scourge. My Administration is committed to fighting the drug epidemic and helping get treatment for those in need. The struggle will be long and difficult—but, as Americans always do, we will pre-vail. As we have seen tonight, the most difficult challenges bring out the best in America. We see a vivid expression of this truth in the story of the Holets family of New Mexico. Ryan Holets is 27 years old, and an officer with the Albu-querque Police Department. He is here tonight with his wife Rebecca. Last year, Ryan was on duty when he saw a pregnant, homeless woman preparing to inject heroin. When Ryan told her she was going to harm her unborn child, she began to weep. She told him she did not know where to turn, but badly wanted a safe home for her baby. In that moment, Ryan said he felt God speak to him: ‘‘You will do it—be-cause you can.’’ He took out a picture of his wife and their four kids. Then, he went home to tell his wife Rebecca. In an instant, she agreed to adopt. The Holets named their new daughter Hope. Ryan and Rebecca: You embody the goodness of our Nation. Thank you, and congratulations. As we rebuild America’s strength and confidence at home, we are also restor-ing our strength and standing abroad. Around the world, we face rogue re-gimes, terrorist groups, and rivals like China and Russia that challenge our interests, our economy, and our values. In confronting these dangers, we know that weakness is the surest path to conflict, and unmatched power is the surest means of our defense. For this reason, I am asking the Con-gress to end the dangerous defense se-quester and fully fund our great mili-tary. As part of our defense, we must mod-ernize and rebuild our nuclear arsenal, hopefully never having to use it, but making it so strong and powerful that it will deter any acts of aggression. Perhaps someday in the future there will be a magical moment when the countries of the world will get together to eliminate their nuclear weapons. Unfortunately, we are not there yet. Last year, I also pledged that we would work with our allies to extin-guish ISIS from the face of the Earth. One year later, I am proud to report that the coalition to defeat ISIS has liberated almost 100 percent of the ter-ritory once held by these killers in Iraq and Syria. But there is much more work to be done. We will continue our fight until ISIS is defeated. Army Staff Sergeant Justin Peck is here tonight. Near Raqqa last Novem-ber, Justin and his comrade, Chief Petty Officer Kenton Stacy, were on a mission to clear buildings that ISIS had rigged with explosives so that ci-vilians could return to the city. Clearing the second floor of a vital hospital, Kenton Stacy was severely wounded by an explosion. Immediately, Justin bounded into the booby-trapped building and found Kenton in bad shape. He applied pressure to the wound and inserted a tube to reopen an airway. He then performed CPR for 20 straight minutes during the ground transport and maintained artificial res-piration through 2 hours of emergency surgery. Kenton Stacy would have died if not for Justin’s selfless love for a fellow warrior. Tonight, Kenton is recovering in Texas. Raqqa is liberated. And Jus-tin is wearing his new Bronze Star, with a ‘‘V’’ for ‘‘Valor.’’ Staff Sergeant Peck: All of America salutes you. Terrorists who do things like place bombs in civilian hospitals are evil. When possible, we annihilate them. When necessary, we must be able to de-tain and question them. But we must be clear: Terrorists are not merely criminals. They are unlawful enemy combatants. And when captured over-seas, they should be treated like the terrorists they are. In the past, we have foolishly re-leased hundreds of dangerous terror-ists, only to meet them again on the battlefield—including the ISIS leader, al-Baghdadi. So today, I am keeping another promise. I just signed an order direct-ing Secretary Mattis to reexamine our military detention policy and to keep open the detention facilities at Guan-tanamo Bay. I am also asking the Congress to en-sure that, in the fight against ISIS and al-Qa’ida, we continue to have all nec-essary power to detain terrorists— wherever we chase them down. Our warriors in Afghanistan also have new rules of engagement. Along with their heroic Afghan partners, our military is no longer undermined by artificial timelines, and we no longer tell our enemies our plans. Last month, I also took an action en-dorsed unanimously by the Senate just months before: I recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Shortly afterwards, dozens of coun-tries voted in the United Nations Gen-eral Assembly against America’s sov-ereign right to make this recognition. American taxpayers generously send those same countries billions of dollars in aid every year. That is why, tonight, I am asking the Congress to pass legislation to help en-sure American foreign-assistance dol-lars always serve American interests, and only go to America’s friends. As we strengthen friendships around the world, we are also restoring clarity about our adversaries. When the people of Iran rose up against the crimes of their corrupt dic-tatorship, I did not stay silent. Amer-ica stands with the people of Iran in their courageous struggle for freedom. I am asking the Congress to address the fundamental flaws in the terrible Iran nuclear deal. My Administration has also imposed tough sanctions on the communist and socialist dictatorships in Cuba and Venezuela. But no regime has oppressed its own citizens more totally or brutally than the cruel dictatorship in North Korea. North Korea’s reckless pursuit of nu-clear missiles could very soon threaten our homeland. We are waging a campaign of max-imum pressure to prevent that from happening. Past experience has taught us that complacency and concessions only in-vite aggression and provocation. I will not repeat the mistakes of past admin-istrations that got us into this dan-gerous position. We need only look at the depraved character of the North Korean regime to understand the nature of the nuclear threat it could pose to America and our allies. Otto Warmbier was a hardworking student at the University of Virginia. On his way to study abroad in Asia, Otto joined a tour to North Korea. At its conclusion, this wonderful young man was arrested and charged with crimes against the state. After a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.028 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES580 January 30, 2018 
shameful trial, the dictatorship sen-tenced Otto to 15 years of hard labor, before returning him to America last June—horribly injured and on the verge of death. He passed away just days after his return. Otto’s Parents, Fred and Cindy Warmbier, are with us tonight—along with Otto’s brother and sister, Austin and Greta. You are powerful witnesses to a menace that threatens our world, and your strength inspires us all. To-night, we pledge to honor Otto’s mem-ory with American resolve. Finally, we are joined by one more witness to the ominous nature of this regime. His name is Mr. Ji Seong-ho. In 1996, Seong-ho was a starving boy in North Korea. One day, he tried to steal coal from a railroad car to barter for a few scraps of food. In the process, he passed out on the train tracks, ex-hausted from hunger. He woke up as a train ran over his limbs. He then en-dured multiple amputations without anything to dull the pain. His brother and sister gave what little food they had to help him recover and ate dirt themselves—permanently stunting their own growth. Later, he was tor-tured by North Korean authorities after returning from a brief visit to China. His tormentors wanted to know if he had met any Christians. He had— and he resolved to be free. Seong-ho traveled thousands of miles on crutches across China and South-east Asia to freedom. Most of his fam-ily followed. His father was caught try-ing to escape, and was tortured to death. Today he lives in Seoul, where he res-cues other defectors, and broadcasts into North Korea what the regime fears the most—the truth. Today he has a new leg, but Seong- ho, I understand you still keep those crutches as a reminder of how far you have come. Your great sacrifice is an inspiration to us all. Seong-ho’s story is a testament to the yearning of every human soul to live in freedom. It was that same yearning for free-dom that nearly 250 years ago gave birth to a special place called America. It was a small cluster of colonies caught between a great ocean and a vast wilderness. But it was home to an incredible people with a revolutionary idea: that they could rule themselves. That they could chart their own des-tiny. And that, together, they could light up the world. That is what our country has always been about. That is what Americans have always stood for, always strived for, and always done. Atop the dome of this Capitol stands the Statue of Freedom. She stands tall and dignified among the monuments to our ancestors who fought and lived and died to protect her. Monuments to Washington and Jef-ferson—to Lincoln and King. Memorials to the heroes of Yorktown and Saratoga—to young Americans who shed their blood on the shores of Normandy, and the fields beyond. And others, who went down in the waters of the Pacific and the skies over Asia. And freedom stands tall over one more monument: this one. This Cap-itol. This living monument to the American people. A people whose heroes live not only in the past, but all around us—defend-ing hope, pride, and the American way. They work in every trade. They sac-rifice to raise a family. They care for our children at home. They defend our flag abroad. They are strong moms and brave kids. They are firefighters, police officers, border agents, medics, and Marines. But above all else, they are Ameri-cans. And this Capitol, this city, and this Nation, belong to them. Our task is to respect them, to listen to them, to serve them, to protect them, and to always be worthy of them. Americans fill the world with art and music. They push the bounds of science and discovery. And they forever remind us of what we should never forget: The people dreamed this country. The peo-ple built this country. And it is the people who are making America great again. As long as we are proud of who we are, and what we are fighting for, there is nothing we cannot achieve. As long as we have confidence in our values, faith in our citizens, and trust in our God, we will not fail. Our families will thrive. Our people will prosper. And our Nation will forever be safe and strong and proud and mighty and free. Thank you, and God bless America. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , January 30, 2018. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:19 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 534. An act to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1426. An act to amend the Home Own-ers’ Loan Act to allow Federal savings asso-ciations to elect to operate as national banks, and for other purposes. H.R. 1457. An act to establish requirements for use of a driver’s license or personal iden-tification card by certain financial institu-tions for opening an account or obtaining a financial product or service, and for other purposes. H.R. 2255. An act to clarify that nonprofit organizations may accept donated mortgage appraisals, and for other purposes. H.R. 4792. An act to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to expand access to capital for small businesses affected by hur-ricanes or other natural disasters, and for other purposes. The message further announced that the Speaker withdraws the appoint-ment of the following individual to the Congressional Award Board on January 25, 2018: Mr. Steve Hart of Washington, DC. 
At 3:40 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the title of the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain in-dividuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes, and further, that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the text of the aforementioned bill, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1426. An act to amend the Home Own-ers’ Loan Act to allow Federal savings asso-ciations to elect to operate as national banks, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. H.R. 1457. An act to establish requirements for use of a driver’s license or personal iden-tification card by certain financial institu-tions for opening an account or obtaining a financial product or service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 2255. An act to clarify that nonprofit organizations may accept donated mortgage appraisals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 4792. An act to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to expand access to capital for small businesses affected by hur-ricanes or other natural disasters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1847. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to ensure that the needs of children are considered in homeland secu-rity, trafficking, and disaster recovery plan-ning, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 202). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE for Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JANUARY\S30JA8.REC S30JA8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S581 January 30, 2018 
*John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. By Ms. MURKOWSKI for the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Anne Marie White, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Environ-mental Management). *Melissa F. Burnison, of Kentucky, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Congres-sional and Intergovernmental Affairs). *Susan Combs, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior. *Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be So-licitor of the Department of the Interior. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. S
CHATZ , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 2354. A bill to provide for the adminis-tration of certain national monuments, to establish a National Monument Enhance-ment Fund, and to establish certain wilder-ness areas in the States of New Mexico and Nevada; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. 2355. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Ken-nedy Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. S ANDERS , and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 2356. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to address staffing and other issues at facilities, including under-served facilities, of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 2357. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to review the processes and requirements of the Department of Veterans Affairs for scheduling appointments for health care and conducting consultations under the laws administered by the Sec-retary, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 2358. A bill to require a study on women and lung cancer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: S. 2359. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish a Joint Re-quirements Council in the Department of Homeland Security; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. BALDWIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. K ING, and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. 2360. A bill to provide for the minimum size of crews of freight trains, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. J
OHNSON , and Mr. S COTT): S. 2361. A bill to amend the Federal Home Loan Bank Act to allow a captive insurance company that was a member of a Federal Home Loan Bank before January 19, 2016 to continue or restore the membership of the captive insurance company in the Federal Home Loan Bank, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. REED: S. 2362. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Re-porting Act to require that a consumer au-thorize the release of certain information; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 2363. A bill to establish the Creating American Investment, Redevelopment, and Opportunity Task Force; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. 2364. A bill to amend the Water Infra-structure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 to provide to State infrastructure financing authorities additional opportunities to re-ceive loans under that Act to support drink-ing water and clean water State revolving funds to deliver water infrastructure to com-munities across the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. C ORNYN ): S. 2365. A bill to impose additional sanc-tions with respect to serious human rights abuses by the Government of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. Res. 386. A resolution urging the Gov-ernment of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to fulfill its agreement to hold cred-ible elections, comply with constitutional limits on presidential terms, and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a democratic transition of power by taking concrete and measurable steps towards holding elections not later than December 2018 as outlined in the existing election calendar, and allowing for freedom of expression and association; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C OONS , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. Res. 387. A resolution recognizing Janu-ary 30, 2018, as ‘‘Fred Korematsu Day of Civil Liberties and the Constitution’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. VANHOLLEN , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. Res. 388. A resolution recognizing Janu-ary 27, 2018, as the anniversary of the first refugee and Muslim ban, and urging the President to demonstrate true leadership on refugee resettlement; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. S
ASSE): S. Res. 389. A resolution commemorating the commissioning of the USS Omaha; con-sidered and agreed to. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. C
RAPO , and Ms. H IRONO ): S. Res. 390. A resolution raising awareness and encouraging the prevention of stalking by designating January 2018 as ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 116 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 116, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit veterans who have a service-connected, permanent disability rated as total to travel on military aircraft in the same manner and to the same extent as retired mem-bers of the Armed Forces entitled to such travel. 
S. 292 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 292, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and avail-ability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 363 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 363, a bill to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes. 
S. 534 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 534, a bill to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt re-porting of sexual abuse to law enforce-ment authorities, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 660 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 660, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 in order to fulfill the Federal mandate to provide higher educational opportunities for Native American Indians. 
S. 819 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 819, a bill to amend the Fair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JANUARY\S30JA8.REC S30JA8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES582 January 30, 2018 
Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 842 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 842, a bill to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from request-ing that an applicant for employment disclose criminal history record infor-mation before the applicant has re-ceived a conditional offer, and for other purposes. 
S. 982 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 982, a bill to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to require mandatory reporting of incidents of child abuse or neglect, and for other purposes. 
S. 1152 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1152, a bill to create protections for depository institutions that provide financial services to cannabis-related businesses, and for other purposes. 
S. 1158 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1158, a bill to help prevent acts of geno-cide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international se-curity, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises. 
S. 1257 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1257, a bill to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to require States to adopt an electronic system to help expedite the placement of children in foster care or guardianship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide funding to aid States in devel-oping such a system, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1509 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1509, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize an extension of exclusivity periods for certain drugs that are approved for a new indication for a rare disease or condition, and for other purposes. 
S. 1754 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1754, a bill to reauthorize section 340H of the Public Health Service Act to continue to encourage the expan-sion, maintenance, and establishment of approved graduate medical residency programs at qualified teaching health centers, and for other purposes. S. 1759 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1759, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend authorities re-lating to homeless veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1909 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1909, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a sys-tem to educate individuals approaching Medicare eligibility, to simplify and modernize the eligibility enrollment process, and for other purposes. 
S. 1947 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1947, a bill to improve food safety, to encourage greater production of agri-cultural commodities for use in the lo-cality of production, to reauthorize and expand Department of Agriculture sup-port of those efforts, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2107 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2107, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Under Sec-retary of Health to report major ad-verse personnel actions involving cer-tain health care employees to the Na-tional Practitioner Data Bank and to applicable State licensing boards, and for other purposes. 
S. 2147 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2147, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to create a Pension Rehabilitation Trust Fund to establish a Pension Rehabili-tation Administration within the De-partment of the Treasury to make loans to multiemployer defined benefit plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2227 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2227, a bill to reauthorize the Money Follows the Person Demonstration Program. 
S. 2269 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2269, a bill to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years. 
S. 2278 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2278, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas. At the request of Mr. ROBERTS , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2278, supra. 
S. 2335 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2335, a bill to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture to issue permits for recreation services on lands man-aged by Federal agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 2340 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2340, a bill to establish the Federal Labor-Management Part-nership Council. 
S. 2345 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2345, a bill to amend the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to provide additional re-sources to State and local prosecutors, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 377 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 377, a resolution rec-ognizing the importance of paying trib-ute to those individuals who have faithfully served and retired from the Armed Forces of the United States, designating April 18, 2018, as ‘‘Military Retiree Appreciation Day’’, and en-couraging the people of the United States to honor the past and continued service of military retirees to their local communities and the United States. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REED: S. 2362. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to require that a consumer authorize the release of cer-tain information; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. REED. Today, I am introducing the Control Your Personal Credit Infor-mation Act, which seeks to give con-sumers greater control over when and how their consumer reports are shared by consumer reporting agencies. Under existing law, the current con-sumer reporting system is backwards. Consumer reporting agencies collect vast amounts of personal information on consumers, often without our knowledge, in order to compile con-sumer reports. These reports are then shared with financial institutions and others without our consent in all cases. In the wake of Equifax’s failure to se-cure troves of valuable personally iden-tifiable information it collected on over 145 million Americans, it is clear that this system must change. Indeed, the National Consumer Law Center’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.017 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S583 January 30, 2018 
Chi Chi Wu stated in her October 2017 testimony before the House Financial Services Committee that the Equifax breach ‘‘means half of the US popu-lation and nearly three-quarters of the consumers with active credit reports are now at risk of identity theft due to one of the worst—if not the worst— breaches of consumer data in American history. These Americans are at risk of having false new credit accounts, phony tax returns, and even spurious medical bills incurred in their good names.’’ To make matters worse, the risks of identity fraud may not dis-sipate over time because as Ed Mierzwinski, U.S. PIRG’s Federal Con-sumer Program Director, points out ‘‘unlike credit card numbers, your So-cial Security umber and Date of Birth don’t change and may even grow more valuable over time, like gold in a bank vault. Much worse, they are the keys to ‘new account identity theft.’’’ My legislation attempts to address these concerns and fix the current up-side down system by giving consumers greater control, at no cost to the con-sumer, over when and how their con-sumer reports are released when apply-ing for new credit, a loan, or insurance. Under my legislation, consumer report-ing agencies must confirm a con-sumer’s identity and obtain their writ-ten authorization before releasing con-sumer reports in the instances that are especially vulnerable to identity theft and fraud. In addition, my bill requires every consumer reporting agency to take appropriate steps to prevent un-authorized access to the consumer re-ports and personal information they maintain. These steps are designed to make it tougher for criminals to fraud-ulently open new credit or insurance accounts in other people’s names. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor this commonsense legislative effort, and I thank the National Consumer Law Center (on behalf of its low-in-come clients), U.S. PIRG, Americans for Financial Reform, Public Citizen, Consumer Federation of America, and Consumers Union for their support. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. 2364. A bill to amend the Water In-frastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 to provide to State infra-structure financing authorities addi-tional opportunities to receive loans under that Act to support drinking water and clean water State revolving funds to deliver water infrastructure to communities across the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, to-night in the State of the Union Ad-dress, President Trump will discuss the importance of infrastructure invest-ment. This is an important conversa-tion for the administration to lead be-cause our Nation’s infrastructure is in need of an overhaul. Having the sup-port of the administration provides us tremendous opportunity to revamp the way we prioritize and fund our Nation’s infrastructure. As a member of the Senate Environ-ment and Public Works Committee, I understand the importance of infra-structure investment. Since I came to Congress, I have been a constant advo-cate for increased investment, particu-larly for our Nation’s water resources. Last Congress, I supported the passage of the Water Infrastructure Improve-ment for the Nation Act, as well as a comprehensive highway bill, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act. Passing these pieces of legislation was a major step forward, but only a step in the process. There is still more to be done, and I am looking forward to the opportunity to make critical infra-structure investments this Congress. Like many Americans, I am encour-aged by the President’s commitment to improving our Nation’s crumbling in-frastructure. Looking at the example set by President Dwight Eisenhower and the establishment of the Interstate Highway System, it is clear that infra-structure investment boosts our econ-omy, creates immediate jobs, and pro-duces decades of economic prosperity and opportunity. Unfortunately, since President Eisen-hower signed the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1956, we have relied on a fix-as- fail approach to our Nation’s infra-structure. Not only is this approach more expensive, increasingly causing delays to commerce, but it also poses a risk to public safety. By ensuring that our roads, bridges, and water systems meet an American standard for excel-lence, we can save many lives. In water infrastructure funding alone, the United States faces a shortfall of over $500 billion, which includes drinking water, wastewater, storm water, and water supply projects. This funding shortage is reflected in the American Society of Civil Engineers’ overall grade for America’s infrastructure, which is a D-plus. This is not a rural issue or a big city issue. It is not a red State problem or a blue State problem. This is a national emergency, one where we can find bipartisan support. We can, and must, work together to provide all Americans with safe and re-liable drinking water and effective wastewater and storm water treat-ment. Access to safe and clean water is critical to the livelihood of every American. Senator B
OOKER and I am introducing commonsense legislation that will rev-olutionize the way we invest in needed water infrastructure. The Securing Re-quired Funding for Water Infrastruc-ture Now—or SRF WIN—Act takes the best of State revolving funds, SRFs, and combines them with the best of the Water Infrastructure Finance and In-novation Act, better known as WIFIA. The SRF WIN Act creates a signifi-cant pot of money within the WIFIA Program that is available only to SRFs. Further, the bill allows State SRFs to bundle their priority drinking water and wastewater projects to-gether and make a single loan request. This dramatically increases the avail-ability of SRF funding to communities across the Nation while substantially reducing the time and related costs for completing projects. Because all 50 State SRFs have a tri-ple A bond rating, they have a very low risk of default, less than one-half of 1 percent. This, combined with the leveraging power of WIFIA, has given the SRF WIN Act the leveraging capac-ity of an incredible 100 to 1, according to technical assistance provided by the EPA’s Office of Water. Simply put, the SRF WIN Act is a critical component to future water in-frastructure financing. With a $1 bil-lion investment, the U.S. Government will create over $50 billion in project money. This is not a handout; this is a loan from the Federal Government to the States that will be paid back over 35 years. The SRF WIN Act gives commu-nities the tools they need to help them-selves. Instead of waiting decades for funding, communities will be able to invest in their crumbling water infra-structure now. With 35 years to pay back their loan, ratepayers will avoid harm and not see massive rate spikes. What the SRF WIN Act does is sim-ple. It combines the efficiency and trust associated with the SRF with the leveraging power of WIFIA. This legis-lation makes the process easier and more affordable for States and commu-nities to access Federal water infra-structure funding. I encourage my col-leagues who support the SRF, WIFIA, and more funding for water infrastruc-ture projects in rural communities and big cities alike to cosponsor the SRF WIN Act. This has been a monumental effort of bipartisan work. Senator BOOKER and I have been working for months to meet with everyone in the water industry to ensure that our bill helps people all over the country, in communities both big and small. This bill is the result of months of negotiations, taking the best ideas available to ensure this com-monsense, bipartisan legislation will work effectively and efficiently, pro-viding billions in project dollars to communities that have traditionally not had access to these types of funds. I would like to specifically thank the EPA Office of Water, the Council of In-frastructure Financing Authorities, the American Water Works Associa-tion, the Water Environment Federa-tion, and the Association of Metropoli-tan Water Agencies for providing us technical assistance to ensure that we preserve the WIFIA and SRF Pro-grams. The fact is, communities need every possible funding tool at their disposal, and this bill is another great tool that will work with the WIFIA and SRF Programs. The SRF WIN Act has strong support from rural and municipal water and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.023 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES584 January 30, 2018 
wastewater organizations. This land-mark legislation also has the support of our Nation’s leading construction, engineering, labor, and manufacturing organizations, including the National Rural Water Association, the Council of Infrastructure Financing Authori-ties, the American Society of Civil En-gineers, the Associated General Con-tractors of America, the American Council of Engineering Companies, the National Association of Clean Water Agencies, Ducks Unlimited, the Amer-ican Public Works Association, the Rural Community Assistance Partner-ship, the Water Systems Council, the International Union of Operating Engi-neers, the Vinyl Institute, the Hydrau-lic Institute, and the California Asso-ciation of Sanitation Agencies. Congress needs to do a better job of providing basic public services, such as safe roads, bridges, and an up-to-date water infrastructure system. This is the time to act to make water infra-structure investment a priority. With innovative financing and pri-vate sector investment, not only will we be providing Americans with basic water infrastructure, but we will also be creating jobs, keeping commodity and utility prices low, and remaining competitive on the global stage. We can no longer kick the can down the road and ignore our infrastructure problems. It is time for the United States to be realistic about its water problems and start investing in water infrastructure today. I ask my colleagues to join Senator B
OOKER and me in supporting signifi-cant new investment in our Nation’s water infrastructure and to cosponsor the SRF WIN Act today. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 386—URGING THE GOVERNMENT OF THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO TO FULFILL ITS AGREE-MENT TO HOLD CREDIBLE ELEC-TIONS, COMPLY WITH CONSTITU-TIONAL LIMITS ON PRESI-DENTIAL TERMS, AND FULFILL ITS CONSTITUTIONAL MANDATE FOR A DEMOCRATIC TRANSITION OF POWER BY TAKING CON-CRETE AND MEASURABLE STEPS TOWARDS HOLDING ELECTIONS NOT LATER THAN DECEMBER 2018 AS OUTLINED IN THE EXIST-ING ELECTION CALENDAR, AND ALLOWING FOR FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION AND ASSOCIATION Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 386 Whereas the United States people have a strong relationship with the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and a strong commitment to the principles of de-mocracy and adherence to the rule of law; Whereas, in 2006, the Government of the DRC adopted a new constitution that limited the President to two consecutive five-year terms, which for President Joseph Kabila ex-pired on December 19, 2016. Whereas President Kabila swore to uphold the constitution of the DRC as part of his oath of office; Whereas the constitutionally required elections have not yet taken place; Whereas citizens of the Democratic Repub-lic of Congo have repeatedly demanded that their constitutional right to elect a new President after two terms be upheld and that President Kabila must therefore step down; Whereas, on December 31, 2016, the Na-tional Episcopal Conference of Congolese Bishops mediated a political agreement be-tween the ruling coalition and main opposi-tion parties under which President Kabila is prohibited from running for a third term, constitutional changes which would extend the president’s time in office are prohibited, and elections were to be held before the end of 2017; Whereas, on March 31, 2017, the United Na-tions Security Council adopted Resolution 2348, which called for a ‘‘swift implementa-tion’’ of the December 2016 political agree-ment, including ‘‘peaceful, credible, inclu-sive and timely elections no later than De-cember 2017, leading to a peaceful transition of power’’; Whereas, on June 21, 2017, the United Na-tional Security Council adopted Resolution 2360, which stressed ‘‘the importance of the DRC and its national partners taking all necessary steps to accelerate preparations for the elections without further delays’’; Whereas, on November 5, 2017, the Congo-lese electoral commission released a cal-endar that would delay elections until at least December 23, 2018, while noting numer-ous ‘‘constraints’’ that could impact respect of this calendar; Whereas the failure to hold constitu-tionally required elections has increased po-litical uncertainty, violence, and instability inside the DRC, and the United Nations Under-Secretary General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator said that amid the political stalemate, ‘‘con-flict is rapidly spreading across the country and in appalling ways, even in a country blighted by violence and insecurity for dec-ades’’; Whereas political space in the DRC con-tinues to be heavily restricted, as evidenced by arrests and detention of members of the political opposition, democratic activists, and journalists, and by restrictions on funda-mental freedoms such as speech and assem-bly; and Whereas opposition have been targeted, ar-rested, harassed, and violently attacked by security forces: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses concern that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo failed to hold elections in 2016 as required by the Constitution and later failed to fulfill its political commitment to hold elections in 2017; (2) expresses concern that the growing se-curity, humanitarian, and human rights cri-sis in the DRC is exacerbated by the lack of a duly elected leadership; (3) recognizes that impunity and lack of ef-fective rule of law undermine democracy, and that the arrest and detention of civil so-ciety activists and the harassment of polit-ical opponents close political space and re-press peaceful dissent; (4) calls on the Government of the DRC to complete concrete steps towards holding elections, including— (A) issuance of district-level voter reg-istration figures; (B) completion of any legislation to enable redistricting; (C) fulfillment of the constitutionally-re-quired step of ‘‘calling the electorate’’; (D) publication of the final list of presi-dential and parliamentary candidates; and (E) holding presidential, parliamentary, and provincial elections by December 23, 2018; (5) calls on the opposition to take all steps possible within the DRC to support and pro-mote immediate free, fair, and inclusive elections; and (6) urges the President of the United States, in close coordination with regional and international partners, to— (A) use appropriate means to provide ap-propriate electoral assistance to support the organization of credible elections as soon as possible; and (B) use appropriate means to deter further electoral calendar slippage and abuses against the Congolese people, including con-sideration of targeted sanctions against high-level DRC officials, including close as-sociates of President Kabila responsible for further delay or impediment to elections or otherwise maintaining President Kabila’s rule beyond the constitution’s two-term limit should any of the election benchmarks fail to be met. f SENATE RESOLUTION 387—RECOG-NIZING JANUARY 30, 2018, AS ‘‘FRED KOREMATSU DAY OF CIVIL LIBERTIES AND THE CON-STITUTION’’ Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C OONS , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 387 Whereas, on January 30, 1919, Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu was born in Oakland, California, to Japanese immigrants; Whereas Fred Korematsu graduated from Castlemont High School in 1937 and at-tempted to enlist in the military twice but was unable to do so because his selective service classification was changed to enemy alien, even though Fred Korematsu was a United States citizen; Whereas Fred Korematsu trained as a welder and worked as a foreman at the docks in Oakland until the date on which he and all Japanese Americans were fired; Whereas, on December 7, 1941, Japan at-tacked the military base in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, causing the United States to declare war against Japan; Whereas, on February 19, 1942, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 (7 Fed. Reg. 1407 (February 25, 1942)), which authorized the Secretary of War to prescribe military areas— (1) from which any or all people could be excluded; and (2) with respect to which, the right of any person to enter, remain in, or leave would be subject to any restriction the Military Com-mander imposed in his discretion; Whereas, on May 3, 1942, the Lieutenant General of the Western Command of the Army issued Civilian Exclusion Order 34 (May 3, 1942) (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Civilian Exclusion Order’’) directing that all people of Japanese ancestry be re-moved from designated areas of the West Coast after May 9, 1942, because people of Japanese ancestry in the designated areas were considered to pose a threat to national security; Whereas Fred Korematsu refused to com-ply with the Civilian Exclusion Order and was arrested on May 30, 1942; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JA6.019 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S585 January 30, 2018 
Whereas, after his arrest, Fred Korematsu— (1) was held for 2
1⁄2months in the Presidio stockade in San Francisco, California; (2) was convicted on September 8, 1942, of violating the Civilian Exclusion Order and sentenced to 5 years of probation; and (3) was detained at Tanforan Assembly Center, a former horse racetrack used as a holding facility for Japanese Americans be-fore he was exiled with his family to the Topaz incarceration camp in the State of Utah; Whereas more than 120,000 Japanese Amer-icans were similarly detained, with no charges brought and without due process, in 10 permanent War Relocation Authority camps located in isolated desert areas of the States of Arizona, Arkansas, California, Col-orado, Idaho, Utah, and Wyoming; Whereas the people of the United States subject to the Civilian Exclusion Order lost their homes, livelihoods, and the freedoms inherent to all people of the United States; Whereas Fred Korematsu unsuccessfully challenged the Civilian Exclusion Order as it applied to him and appealed the decision of the United States District Court to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which sustained his conviction; Whereas Fred Korematsu was subsequently confined with his family in the incarceration camp in Topaz, Utah, for 2 years, and during that time, Fred Korematsu appealed his con-viction to the Supreme Court of the United States; Whereas, on December 18, 1944, the Su-preme Court of the United States issued Korematsu v. United States, 323 U.S. 214 (1944), which— (1) upheld the conviction of Fred Korematsu by a vote of 6 to 3; and (2) concluded that Fred Korematsu was re-moved from his home not based on hostility toward him or other Japanese Americans but because the United States was at war with Japan and the military feared a Japanese in-vasion of the West Coast; Whereas, in his dissenting opinion in Korematsu v. United States, 323 U.S. 214 (1944), Justice Frank Murphy called the Ci-vilian Exclusion Order the ‘‘legalization of racism’’; Whereas Fred Korematsu continued to maintain his innocence for decades following World War II, and his conviction hampered his ability to gain employment; Whereas, in 1982, legal historian Peter Irons and researcher Aiko Yoshinaga-Herzig gained access to Government documents under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), that indicate that while the case of Fred Korematsu was before the Supreme Court of the United States, the Federal Government misled the Supreme Court of the United States and suppressed findings that Japanese Americans on the West Coast were not security threats; Whereas, in light of the newly discovered information, Fred Korematsu filed a writ of error coram nobis with the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and on November 10, 1983, United States District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel issued her decision in Korematsu v. United States, 584 F. Supp. 1406 (N.D. Cal. 1984), that— (1) overturned the conviction of Fred Korematsu; (2) concluded that, at the time that senior Government officials presented their case be-fore the Supreme Court of the United States in 1944, the senior Government officials knew there was no factual basis for the claim of military necessity for the Civil Exclusion Order; and (3) stated that although the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in Korematsu v. United States, 323 U.S. 214 (1944), remains on the pages of United States legal and political history, ‘‘[a]s historical precedent it stands as a constant caution that in times of war or declared military ne-cessity our institutions must be vigilant in protecting constitutional guarantees’’; Whereas the Commission on Wartime Relo-cation and Internment of Civilians, author-ized by Congress in 1980 to review the facts and circumstances surrounding the reloca-tion and incarceration of Japanese Ameri-cans under Executive Order 9066 (7 Fed. Reg. 1407 (February 25, 1942)), concluded that— (1) the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in Korematsu v. United States, 323 U.S. 214 (1944), is overruled by the court of history; (2) a grave personal injustice was done to the United States citizens and resident aliens of Japanese ancestry who, without in-dividual review or any probative evidence against them, were excluded, removed, and detained by the United States during World War II; and (3) the exclusion, removal, and detention of United States citizens and resident aliens of Japanese ancestry was motivated largely by ‘‘racial prejudice, wartime hysteria, and a failure of political leadership’’; Whereas the overturning of the conviction of Fred Korematsu and the findings of the Commission on Wartime Relocation and In-ternment of Civilians influenced the decision by Congress to pass the Civil Liberties Act of 1988 (50 U.S.C. 4211 et seq.) to request a Presi-dential apology and the symbolic payment of compensation to people of Japanese ancestry who lost liberty or property due to discrimi-natory actions of the Federal Government; Whereas, on August 10, 1988, President Reagan signed the Civil Liberties Act of 1988 (50 U.S.C. 4211 et seq.), stating, ‘‘[H]ere we admit a wrong; here we reaffirm our commit-ment as a nation to equal justice under the law.’’; Whereas, on January 15, 1998, President Clinton awarded the Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian award of the United States, to Fred Korematsu, stating, ‘‘[i]n the long history of our country’s constant search for justice, some names of ordinary citizens stand for millions of souls: Plessy, Brown, Parks. To that distinguished list, today we add the name of Fred Korematsu.’’; Whereas Fred Korematsu remained a tire-less advocate for civil liberties and justice throughout his life by— (1) speaking out against racial discrimina-tion and violence; and (2) cautioning the Federal Government against repeating mistakes of the past that singled out individuals for heightened scru-tiny on the basis of race, ethnicity, nation-ality, or religion; Whereas, on March 30, 2005, Fred Korematsu died at the age of 86 in Marin County, California; and Whereas Fred Korematsu is a role model for all people of the United States who love the United States and the promises con-tained in the Constitution of the United States, and the strength and perseverance of Fred Korematsu serve as an inspiration for all people who strive for equality and justice: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu for his— (A) loyalty and patriotism to the United States; (B) work to advance the civil rights and civil liberties of all people of the United States; and (C) dedication to justice and equality; (2) recognizes January 30, 2018, as ‘‘Fred Korematsu Day of Civil Liberties and the Constitution’’; and (3) denounces any effort to discriminate against any individual based on the national origin or religion of the individual. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 388—RECOG-NIZING JANUARY 27, 2018, AS THE ANNIVERSARY OF THE FIRST REFUGEE AND MUSLIM BAN, AND URGING THE PRESIDENT TO DEMONSTRATE TRUE LEADER-SHIP ON REFUGEE RESETTLE-MENT Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. B ROWN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. S
CHATZ , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. R ES. 388 Whereas the world is in the midst of the worst global displacement crisis in history, with more than 22,500,000 refugees worldwide, according to the United Nations High Com-missioner for Refugees (UNHCR) estimates; Whereas, in fiscal year 2017, UNHCR pro-jected that more than 1,200,000 refugees were in need of resettlement to a third country, and this projection continues to grow in 2018; Whereas the United States resettlement program is a life-saving solution critical to global humanitarian efforts, which serves to strengthen global security, leverage United States foreign policy goals, and support re-gional host countries while serving individ-uals and families in need; Whereas, for over 40 years, the United States has resettled up to 200,000 refugees per year, with an average ceiling of 95,000 refu-gees per year, and on average actually reset-tled 80,000 refugees per year; Whereas refugees are the most vetted trav-elers to enter the United States and are sub-ject to extensive screening checks, including in person interviews, biometric data checks, and multiple interagency checks; Whereas, it would be an abdication of United States leadership to resettle fewer than 75,000 refugees next fiscal year; Whereas the United States refugee reset-tlement system emphasizes early self-suffi-ciency through employment, and most adult refugees are employed within their first six months of arriving to the United States; Whereas refugees contribute to their com-munities by starting businesses, paying taxes, sharing their cultural traditions, and being involved in their neighborhoods, and reports have found that refugees contribute more than they consume in state-funded services – including for schooling and health care; Whereas, on January 27, 2017, President Donald J. Trump released an executive order banning individuals from seven Muslim-ma-jority countries and all refugees from enter-ing the country; Whereas, since that time, the President has taken further executive action to ban people from Muslim-majority countries and has taken steps to dismantle the United States refugee program; Whereas, in September 2017, President Trump announced a Presidential Determina-tion of 45,000 for fiscal year 2018, the lowest refugee admissions ceiling ever set; Whereas, during the first three months of fiscal year 2018, the United States welcomed a total of 5,323 refugees, in spite of the fact that to meet the 45,000 ceiling, 11,250 individ-uals should have arrived during this time pe-riod; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.031 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES586 January 30, 2018 
Whereas, at this pace, the United States may only admit between 15,000-20,000 refu-gees this year; and Whereas, United States structures and funding constrictions have resulted in low-ered capacity and loss of institutional mem-ory and experience in the successful United States Refugee Admissions Program: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reaffirms our country’s proud history of refugee resettlement; (2) recognizes January 27, 2018, as the anni-versary of the first refugee and Muslim ban; (3) reaffirms the strong bipartisan commit-ment of the United States to promote the safety, health, and well-being of the millions of refugees; (4) underscores the importance of the United States Refugee Resettlement Pro-gram as a critical tool for United States global leadership; (5) recognizes the profound consequences faced by refugees and their families who have been stranded, separated, and scarred by current United States policies, leaving many mid-process and more with little hope of anticipated United States entry; and (6) calls upon the United States Govern-ment— (A) to resettle 45,000 refugees in fiscal year 2018; (B) to resettle at least 75,000 refugees in fiscal year 2019; (C) to uphold its international leadership role in responding to displacement crises with humanitarian assistance and protection of the most vulnerable populations; and (D) to recommit to offering freedom from oppression and resettling the most vulner-able refugees regardless of their country of origin or religious beliefs. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 389—COM-MEMORATING THE COMMIS-SIONING OF THE USS ‘‘OMAHA’’ Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 389 Whereas the great city of Omaha, Ne-braska, was founded on July 4, 1854; Whereas the Lone Tree Ferry bringing pio-neers across the Missouri River into Omaha caused Omaha to become known as the ‘‘Gateway to the West’’; Whereas Nebraska is the only triply land-locked State in the Union; Whereas the first USS Omaha was a screw sloop launched in 1869, 2 years after Ne-braska became a State on March 1, 1867; Whereas the second USS Omaha (CL–4) was an Omaha class light cruiser commissioned on February 24, 1923; Whereas the USS Omaha (CL–4) served in both the Pacific and Atlantic theaters and captured a German blockade runner a month before World War II officially began; Whereas the Nebraska Admirals Associa-tion, formed in 1931, has had thousands of Admirals commissioned in the Nebraska Navy to promote ‘‘The Good Life’’; Whereas the Big Red Sub Club— (1) was formed to support the crews of the USS Nebraska (SSBN–739); and (2) is the most active State organization supporting the submarine fleet of the United States; Whereas the Navy League of the United States, Nebraska Council, strongly supports a strong United States Navy for national se-curity; Whereas on June 11, 2012, Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus announced that an Inde-pendence class littoral combat ship would be named the United States Ship Omaha; Whereas on November 20, 2015, the United States Navy launched the USS Omaha; Whereas on December 19, 2015, the USS Omaha was christened in Mobile, Alabama, sponsored by Omaha philanthropist Susie Buffett; and Whereas on February 3, 2018, the USS Omaha will be commissioned: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate commemorates— (1) the commissioning of the United States Ship Omaha (LCS–12); and (2) the mission of the USS Omaha as a networked, agile, stealthy surface combat-ant capable of defeating antiaccess and asymmetric threats in the littorals. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise this evening to call up and pass a reso-lution recognizing the commissioning of the USS Omaha. This weekend, the USS Omaha is scheduled to be commissioned in the United States Navy as one of our new-est Independence Class Littoral Combat Ships. As the only triply landlocked State in the union, you may not think of Ne-braska when you think about the world’s oceans. And while we are proud of our heart-land heritage, we are equally proud of the ships that have carried the name ‘‘USS Omaha’’ to the far corners of the globe. Just two years after Nebraska be-came a State, the USS Omaha, a screw sloop, was launched in 1869, helping to grow our young Nation’s navy. The second USS Omaha, launched in 1923, served with distinction in World War II, capturing a German blockade runner a month before the war offi-cially began. And now this upcoming weekend, we welcome the newest USS Omaha, LCS– 12, which carries the distinction of being among our Nation’s newest Lit-toral Combat Ships. She will enter the navy as an agile surface combatant, and one which I know will prove to be a capable tool in our Nation’s naval arsenal. Though Nebraska may be far from open water that has not stopped count-less men and women from our State from answering the call to serve in the United States Navy. Their service and sacrifice, both in times of war and peace, have helped en-sure that the United States continues to enjoy freedom of navigation around the world. For that reason, I am honored to know that now we will once again have another USS Omaha carrying on this proud tradition, and urge my col-leagues to join me in recognizing this momentous occasion. To the crew of the USS Omaha, I wish you well in your mission and all the years of distinguished service to come. May you enjoy fair winds and fol-lowing seas, and know that you have the best wishes of the State of Ne-braska behind you. Thank you Mr. President. I yield the floor. SENATE RESOLUTION 390—RAISING AWARENESS AND ENCOURAGING THE PREVENTION OF STALKING BY DESIGNATING JANUARY 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL STALKING AWARENESS MONTH’’ Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. GRASSLEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. C RAPO , and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 390 Whereas approximately 16 percent of women in the United States, at some point during their lifetimes, have experienced stalking victimization, during which the women felt very fearful or believed that they or someone close to them would be harmed or killed; Whereas, during a 1-year period, an esti-mated 7,300,000 individuals in the United States reported that they had been victims of stalking; Whereas more than 80 percent of victims of stalking reported that they had been stalked by someone they knew; Whereas nearly 70 percent of stalking vic-tims were threatened with physical harm by stalkers; Whereas 11 percent of victims of stalking reported having been stalked for more than 5 years; Whereas two-thirds of stalkers pursue their victims at least once a week; Whereas many victims of stalking are forced to take drastic measures to protect themselves, including changing their identi-ties, relocating, changing jobs, or obtaining protection orders; Whereas the prevalence of anxiety, insom-nia, social dysfunction, and severe depres-sion is much higher among victims of stalk-ing than the general population; Whereas many victims of stalking do not report stalking to the police or contact a victim service provider, shelter, or hotline; Whereas stalking is a crime under Federal law and the laws of all 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the territories of the United States; Whereas stalking affects victims of every race, age, culture, gender, sexual orienta-tion, physical and mental ability, and eco-nomic status; Whereas national organizations, local vic-tim service organizations, campuses, pros-ecutor’s offices, and police departments stand ready to assist victims of stalking and are working diligently to develop effective and innovative responses to stalking; Whereas there is a need to improve the re-sponse of the criminal justice system to stalking through more aggressive investiga-tion and prosecution; Whereas there is a need for an increase in the availability of victim services across the United States, and the services must include programs tailored to meet the needs of vic-tims of stalking; Whereas individuals 18 to 24 years old expe-rience the highest rates of stalking victim-ization, and rates of stalking among college students exceed rates of stalking among the general population; Whereas up to 75 percent of women in col-lege who experience behavior relating to stalking experience other forms of victimiza-tion, including sexual or physical victimiza-tion; Whereas there is a need for an effective re-sponse to stalking on each campus; and Whereas the Senate finds that ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’ provides an op-portunity to educate the people of the United States about stalking: Now, there-fore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.032 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S587 January 30, 2018 
Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates January 2018 as ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’; (2) applauds the efforts of service providers for victims of stalking, police, prosecutors, national and community organizations, cam-puses, and private sector supporters to pro-mote awareness of stalking; (3) encourages policymakers, criminal jus-tice officials, victim service and human serv-ice agencies, institutions of higher edu-cation, and nonprofit organizations to in-crease awareness of stalking and the avail-ability of services for victims of stalking; and (4) urges national and community organi-zations, businesses in the private sector, and the media to promote awareness of the crime of stalking through ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I have 11 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Korean Peninsula and United States strategy in the Indo-Pacific re-gion.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Financial Stability Oversight Council annual report to Congress.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Growing the Future: Opportunities to Support domestic Seafood Through Aquaculture.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘One Year Later: The American Inno-vation and Competitiveness Act.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on subcommittee as-signments and the following nomina-tions: Melissa F. Burnison, of Ken-tucky, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Congressional and Intergov-ernmental Affairs), Susan Combs, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior, Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be Solicitor of the Depart-ment of the Interior, and Anne Marie White, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Management). COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The role of the Geological Survey and the Forest Service in preparing for and responding to natural hazard events, as well as the current status of mapping and moni-toring systems. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Hearing to Receive Testimony from the Environmental Protection Agency Ad-ministrator Scott Pruitt.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Economic Relation-ship between the United States, Can-ada, and Mexico.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorizing the Higher Education Act: Access and Innovation.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Roundtable on Small Business Health Plans.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to con-duct a closed hearing. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 5 p.m. on Monday, February 5, the Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nomina-tion: Executive Calendar No. 570. I ask consent that there then be 30 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the RECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nomina-tion: Executive Calendar No. 297. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Matthew Bas-sett, of Tennessee, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Bassett nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 649 through 660 and all nominations placed on the Sec-retary’s desk, and that the nomina-tions be confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion, and the Senate then resume legis-lative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.034 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES588 January 30, 2018 
To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Scott D. Berrier 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment as the Deputy Judge Advocate General of the Air Force and appointment in the United States Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., section 8037: To be major general Brig. Gen. Charles L. Plummer The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 8081: To be brigadier general Col. Sharon R. Bannister The following named officer for appoint-ment as the Judge Advocate General, United States Air Force and for appointment in the United States Air Force to the grade indi-cated while serving as the Judge Advocate General under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 8037: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Jeffery A. Rockwell 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officers for appoint-ment to the grade indicated in the United States Army under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Anthony R. Hale Col. Garrick M. Harmon The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Eric J. Wesley The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Theodore D. Martin The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. Susie S. Kuilan The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Leslie C. Smith 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Johnny R. Wolfe, Jr. The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. John C. Ring The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Scott D. Conn N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN1233 AIR FORCE nominations (35) begin-ning SARAH E. ABEL, and ending MICHELLE E. WYCHE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 14, 2017. PN1321 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning BRETT L. HEDGEPETH, and ending RYAN M. YI, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of December 11, 2017. PN1322 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning JOANNA K. KOWALIK, and ending MAHASIN M. HANGALAY, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of De-cember 11, 2017. PN1427 AIR FORCE nominations (19) begin-ning TRISH M. ARNO, and ending CHRIS-TOPHER N. WHITE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 8, 2018. PN1460 AIR FORCE nominations (8) begin-ning JIN HWA LEE FRAZIER, and ending JACK DAVID SPENCER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1461 AIR FORCE nominations (12) begin-ning COREY L. ANDERSON, and ending ROBERT K. TALTON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1462 AIR FORCE nomination of Michael C. Maine, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1463 AIR FORCE nominations (4) begin-ning MELISSA A. DAY, and ending RO-BERTA J. STEMEM, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1464 AIR FORCE nominations (8) begin-ning MATTHEW M. BIRD, and ending PAUL KELLEY STROUD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1465 AIR FORCE nominations (4) begin-ning HOLLY L. BREWER, and ending MARIO TOMMASI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1466 AIR FORCE nominations (119) be-ginning JOHN G. ANDRADE, and ending LAWRENCE P. WOOD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1467 AIR FORCE nomination of Joshua M. Kovich, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1468 AIR FORCE nominations (4) begin-ning DAVID M. DERSCH, JR., and ending PATRICK J. TRAVERS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1469 AIR FORCE nominations (5) begin-ning LANCE J. KIM, and ending SONIA W. S. TAOYI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1470 AIR FORCE nomination of David L. Wells, II, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. IN THE ARMY  PN1323 ARMY nomination of Aleksandr Gutman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of December 11, 2017. PN1428 ARMY nomination of Robert L. Ozburn, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 8, 2018. PN1471 ARMY nomination of Jocelyn A. Leventhal, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1472 ARMY nominations (14) beginning ALYSSA S. ADAMS, and ending BRADLEY O. WOOD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1473 ARMY nominations (2) beginning KENNETH S. KATROSH, and ending DOLLY R. LIVINGSTON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1474 ARMY nominations (2) beginning JOSEPH KLOIBER, and ending PAUL NAVAS, III, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1475 ARMY nomination of Erick C. Crews, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Jan-uary 18, 2018. PN1476 ARMY nominations (3) beginning MICHAEL C. BRADWICK, and ending DOUG-LAS S. YOON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1477 ARMY nominations (5) beginning ZACHARY T. BUSENBARK, and ending JAIME A. SANJUAN RUBIO, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 18, 2018. PN1478 ARMY nominations (2) beginning GABBY V. CANCERAN, and ending JOHN P. CROSS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1479 ARMY nomination of Adam T. Soto, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Jan-uary 18, 2018. PN1480 ARMY nomination of Philip J. Dacunto, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1481 ARMY nomination of Lyle A. Ourada, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1482 ARMY nomination of Sherry M. Kwon, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Jan-uary 18, 2018. IN THE FOREIGN SERVICE  PN1433 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (6) beginning Marc Clayton Gilkey, and end-ing Mark A. Myers, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 8, 2018. PN1434 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (90) beginning Alyce S. Ahn, and ending Michele D. Woonacott, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 8, 2018. PN1435 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (118) beginning Priya U. Amin, and ending Erik Z. Zahnen, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 8, 2018. PN1436 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (93) beginning Angela P. Aggeler, and ending Mari Jain Womack, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 8, 2018. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  PN1431 MARINE CORPS nomination of Christopher N. Earley, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 8, 2018. PN1487 MARINE CORPS nominations (4) beginning WILLIAM DOCTOR, JR., and end-ing SCOTT E. VASQUEZ, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1490 MARINE CORPS nominations (2) beginning PAULO T. ALVES, and ending PATRICK J. TOAL, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1492 MARINE CORPS nomination of Henry W. Soukup, which was received by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.014 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S589 January 30, 2018 
Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1493 MARINE CORPS nomination of William W. Inns, III, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1496 MARINE CORPS nomination of Craig A. Elliott, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1497 MARINE CORPS nominations (3) beginning BILL W. BROOKS, JR., and ending KYLE L. HOLLIS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. PN1498 MARINE CORPS nominations (734) beginning EDWARD J. ABMA, and ending JOSEPH A. ZIMMERMANN, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 18, 2018. PN1499 MARINE CORPS nominations (23) beginning JUSTIN R. ANDERSON, and end-ing MICHAEL D. WILCOX, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 18, 2018. PN1500 MARINE CORPS nomination of Steven P. Hulse, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 18, 2018. 
IN THE NAVY  PN1244 NAVY nominations (2) beginning PAUL F. MAGOULICK, and ending LI SUNG, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 14, 2017. PN1303 NAVY nomination of Nicholas H. Steging, Jr., which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of December 1, 2017. PN1304 NAVY nomination of Jonathan S. Durham, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of December 1, 2017. PN1324 NAVY nominations (3) beginning LAURA C. GILSTRAP, and ending DIANA TRANYU, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of December 11, 2017. PN1429 NAVY nomination of Todd D. Husty, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Jan-uary 8, 2018. PN1430 NAVY nomination of Dawn M. Stankus, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 8, 2018. PN1485 NAVY nomination of Paul I. Ahn, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 18, 2018. PN1486 NAVY nomination of Allen G. Gunn, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Jan-uary 18, 2018. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
PROTECTING YOUNG VICTIMS FROM SEXUAL ABUSE AND SAFE SPORT AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the message to accompany S. 534. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 534) entitled ‘‘An Act to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by re-quiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other purposes.’’, do pass with an amend-ment. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, nearly a year ago, I met with six gym-nasts. All of these young women were world-class athletes. All of them had put their faith in USA Gymnastics. And all of them were sexually abused by an adult who had earned their trust. It was one of the most difficult meet-ings I have held as a Senator. Listening to their stories of abuse and how the system let them down left me with equal parts sadness and rage. These young women weren’t telling me their stories to get legislation passed, but that afternoon, I promised them I would do all I could to make sure no one else ever experienced the agony that they had. I am proud that the Senate will come together and pass the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act in order to send it to the President’s desk. This bill is intended to protect young athletes who participate in amateur sports from the sexual abuse that these gymnasts had to suffer. In the House, Representative S
USAN  B
ROOKS from Indiana and Representa-tive L
OISFRANKEL from Florida, who cochair the Women’s Caucus, partnered with us on this bill. They have been strong champions in protecting young women from abuse. This bill wouldn’t have been possible without the courageous survivors who shared their stories. Some of the same women who I spoke with in February came back to Wash-ington in March to speak about the bill. It was a very powerful hearing that touched many of us. One of those brave women was Jamie Dantzscher, who won a bronze medal in 2000. Jamie told the Judiciary Committee in moving testimony that she fell in love with gymnastics at a very young age. Her parents had to beg her to leave the gym after practice because gymnastics brought her such joy. While she competed with the na-tional team led by USA Gymnastics, team doctor Larry Nassar was assigned to provide her with medical treatment. As any young woman would, Jamie put her faith in Nassar, who was em-ployed by USA Gymnastics, but her faith was turned on its head in horri-fying ways. In Jamie’s words: ‘‘What I have only recently come to understand is that the medical treatment he per-formed for my back pain and other in-juries was sexual assault. Dr. Nassar abused me at the USA National Train-ing Center in Texas. He abused me in California and at meets all over the world. Many times the abuse took place in my own room, in my own bed. Worse, he abused me in my hotel room in Sydney at the Olympic Games.’’ Jamie went on: ‘‘When I first spoke out about my abuse at the hands of Dr. Nassar, I thought I was the only one. I was disbelieved and even criticized by some in the gymnastics community for bringing this disturbing issue to light.’’ It is impossible to imagine the horror that Jamie felt, but what we do know is that Jamie wasn’t the only victim. Jessica Howard was a 15-year-old rhythmic gymnast when Nassar began abusing her. She testified that her first few years of training were ‘‘pure bliss.’’ Eventually, she was sent to Nassar for hip problems. Nassar told her she shouldn’t wear underwear for her treat-ments. Jessica was confused, but she was fearful to say anything to anyone. She believed she would be prevented from pursuing her dreams if she said any-thing. This is how so much of this abuse was conducted, under a shroud of fear that the athletes’ dreams would be quashed. Later in her life, Jessica served on USA Gymnastics’ board of directors. In Jessica’s words: ‘‘As an adult, I spent years serving on the USA Gymnastics Board of Directors with a mission of protecting children in my sport from the psychological abuse that I endured. But the meetings seemed to revolve around two things: money and medals. When a sexual abuse case came up dur-ing my time on the board, the concern was about the reputation of the coach, not the accusation of the athlete. As I have attempted to come to terms with what happened to me as a teenager, it has become glaringly obvious that USA Gymnastics has not done nearly enough to protect athletes from any form of abuse.’’ Jessica and others like her were si-lenced by a culture of complicity where those in power refused to promote a safe environment and survivors could report abuse. That is what the bill we will pass aims to change. Finally, I would like to talk about another gymnast we heard from more recently. Aly Raisman, one of the most decorated Olympic gymnasts ever, re-vealed that she, too, was sexually abused by Larry Nassar, starting when she was 15 years old. As Aly said, ‘‘I didn’t know anything differently. We were told he is the best doctor.’’ As a result, Nassar used this trust to manipulate hundreds of victims so they couldn’t fully understand that they were being abused. When telling her story, Aly asked, ‘‘Why are we looking at why didn’t the girls speak up? Why not look at what about the culture? What did USA Gym-nastics do, and Larry Nassar do, to ma-nipulate these girls so much that they are so afraid to speak up? I am angry.’’ I think we should all be angry by what we have heard from these brave young women. When I heard these sto-ries, I found a common theme: The very institutions tasked with pro-tecting these athletes allowed this egregious conduct to occur. In my view, these governing bodies were, at best, complicit in the devasta-tion wrought on these young children 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.014 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES590 January 30, 2018 
and their families. They did far too lit-tle to prevent abuse from happening in the first place, and when they saw signs of abuse, they did little to stop it. In fact, USA Gymnastics, which over-sees more than 3,000 gymnasiums na-tionwide, had bylaws that actually made it more difficult for survivors to report abuse. For example, the only way for a member athlete to ‘‘effectively’’ make a complaint about a coach was through a signed, written complaint. Not only is this an ineffective way to prevent sexual abuse, it actually serves to pro-tect the abusers by making it harder for child victims to come forward. USA Gymnastics didn’t even require that sexual abuse be reported to law enforcement when it was discovered. It was a disgusting abuse of power, to say the least. After we introduced our legislation, USA Gymnastics hired former Federal prosecutor Deborah Daniels to conduct an independent review of USA Gym-nastics’ policies and procedures. Need-less to say, they were found to be woe-fully ineffective and insufficient. After reviewing documents and interviewing nearly 160 individuals, Daniels rec-ommended nearly 70 policy changes, in-cluding a recommendation that USA Gymnastics ‘‘undergo a complete cul-tural change, permeating the entire or-ganization and communicated to the field in all its actions.’’ In one damning finding, Daniels stat-ed, ‘‘The overall impression received externally is that the athlete protec-tion function is, at best, secondary to the primary focus: winning medals.’’ That is completely unacceptable. The legislation we will soon pass does three main things to help protect sex abuse victims and reform institutions like USA Gymnastics. First, the bill makes it mandatory for anyone affiliated with USA Gym-nastics, or any other national gov-erning body or amateur sports organi-zation that crosses State lines, to im-mediately report sexual abuse to local and Federal law enforcement or social services agencies. This requirement would apply to USA Gymnastics and each of the other 47 national governing bodies that oversee a variety of Olym-pic sports, including USA Taekwondo, USA Speed Skating, USA Swimming, and USA Cycling. It is absolutely im-perative that a firm line be drawn for everyone working with national gov-erning bodies and amateur sports orga-nizations. Once there is suspicion of abuse, a report must be made as soon as possible to law enforcement. This bill mandates that. Second, the bill strengthens the law that allows victims of sex abuse to file suits against those who abused them to commit crimes such as sex trafficking, sexual exploitation, and child pornog-raphy. It clarifies, for example, that victims of child sex crimes are entitled to statutory damages of $150,000, as well as punitive damages, due to the heinous nature of the crimes. The bill also extends the statute of limitations so that victims can sue their abusers 10 years after they be-come aware of their abuse. This is im-portant because, tragically, survivors often do not fully become aware of their abuse until later in life. The stat-ute of limitations extension is part of legislation that Senator C
ORNYN and I have worked on over the past couple of years, called the Extending Justice for Sex Crime Victims Act. Third, the bill makes reforms to the Ted Stevens Olympic and Amateur Sports Act, which establishes ‘‘na-tional governing bodies’’ like USA Gymnastics. When I first contacted USA Gymnastics about its poor han-dling of sexual abuse allegations, the group cited the Stevens Act as a shield, saying that it prevented them from doing more to protect athletes from sexual abuse. The bill we are passing is a direct response to that claim. It requires the newly created U.S. Center for Safe Sport—championed by Commerce Committee Chairman J
OHN T
HUNE and Ranking Member B ILLNEL-
SON—to establish strict policies and procedures for handling abuse allega-tions, as well as oversight procedures to make sure these policies are adhered to by every national governing body. The reforms in the bill ensure that national governing bodies and amateur sports organizations will adopt five baseline policy prescriptions. First, specific policies and procedures for mandatory reporting of sex abuse to law enforcement. Second, policies and procedures to keep track of coach-es who leave one gym only to repeat the cycle of abuse at another gym. Third, policies to avoid circumstances where minors and adults are in one-on- one situations. Fourth, policies to fa-cilitate reporting of sex abuse allega-tions to national governing bodies and other authorities. And fifth, stronger oversight and enforcement policies so that complaints are dealt with uni-formly and with fairness and due proc-ess. These new provisions give national governing bodies like USA Gymnastics no excuse not to prevent abuse or to re-port it when it occurs. All over the country, survivors of sexual abuse are coming forward to tell their stories of abuse and exploitation. Multiple survivors from around the country have contacted my office and described with great courage their pain and anguish. Each of these stories rep-resents an untold amount of pain and suffering that has generational ripple effects. It is absolutely devastating. This is why I am so encouraged that my colleagues in this body will soon pass this important legislation to pro-tect abuse victims. I would also like to acknowledge the list of 270 organizations and individuals who have contributed to and supported this bill. Their names are listed on our website. I would also like to recognize my staff who have worked on this bill, in-cluding Peter Hyun, Ashley Schapitl, Sarah Chang, Matthew Halek, Jennifer Duck, and Tom Mentzer. I would also like to thank Peter Feldman and Ashok Pinto from Sen-ator THUNE ’s staff, Christian Fjeld and Ioana Gorecki from Senator N
ELSON ’s staff, Evelyn Fortier and Kyle McCol-lum from Senator G
RASSLEY ’s staff, Rob Hicks from Representative S
USAN  B
ROOKS ’ staff, Meg Barr from House Judiciary Chairman B
OBGOODLATTE ’s office, and Yana Mayayeva from Rep-resentative L
OISFRANKEL ’s staff Finally, I would like to recognize two individuals who recently passed away. Both were fierce advocates on behalf of survivors of abuse. Barbara Blaine, who founded SNAP, the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests, passed away in Utah, and Kristine Ward, the cofounder of Na-tional Survivor Advocates Coalition, passed away in Ohio. Both of these ex-traordinary women spent much of their lives giving a powerful voice to those who have been sexually abused. This bill attempts to do what both women so powerfully advocated for throughout their lives: speak for the voiceless and demand the change nec-essary to protect our children, our most precious resource. Thank you very much. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I want to take a moment to discuss the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act. This legislation, which Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN sponsored and I cospon-sored, would promote mandatory re-porting of suspected abuse of young athletes and give survivors new tools to hold perpetrators accountable. As Senate Judiciary chairman, I last year convened a hearing on this legis-lation, which helped build momentum for its committee approval and pas-sage. I am proud to have helped shep-herd this bill through our committee and the Senate, and I am delighted that we are about to send this bill to the President for his signature. Our congressional hearing illustrated just how bad the problem of sexual abuse in youth sports has become, how long it went on, how many athletes were affected, and, in some cases, how slow the response was from those charged with ensuring these young ath-letes’ safety. To say that I was alarmed by what we learned at that March 28 hearing would be a huge understate-ment. Abuse that occurs by someone in a position of trust, in what should be a safe environment, such as youth ath-letics programs, is simply outrageous. Sadly, however, sports officials adopt-ed policies that may have allowed pred-ators to victimize children long after they had good reason to suspect sexual abuse. Recently, we have heard reports that gymnastics officials took as long as 5 weeks to report suspected abuse to the FBI. We have also heard allegations that gymnasts were pressured to re-main silent after they brought the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.020 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S591 January 30, 2018 
abuse to gymnastics officials’ atten-tion. It is imperative that we uncover whatever systemic failures that al-lowed a predator to singlehandedly tar-get hundreds of girls and young women for so long. Sexual abuse is a heinous crime, so we must continue to seek justice for these victims. We also need to under-stand why allegations of sexual abuse so often remain hidden, instead of being immediately reported to law en-forcement. The average perpetrator strikes multiple times before being caught, which is why it is so important that these crimes be promptly reported and investigated. I intend to continue to do oversight in this area and cham-pion policies to protect the innocent from sexual abuse. I thank each of the athletes who came forward to report abuse. Their courage helped make passage of this bill possible. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I move to concur in the House amendment, and I know of no further debate on the motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question is on agreeing to the motion to concur. The motion was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY BLUE CAMPAIGN AU-THORIZATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 4708, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4708) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Security-wide guidance and de-velop training programs as part of the De-partment of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (H.R. 4708) was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
COMMEMORATING THE COMMIS-SIONING OF THE USS ‘‘OMAHA’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 389, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 389) commemorating the commissioning of the USS Omaha. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 389) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL STALKING AWARENESS MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 390, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 390) raising awareness and encouraging the prevention of stalking by designating January 2018 as ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 390) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDER FOR RECESS AND ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2018, AND MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate recess until 8:25 p.m. tonight and, upon reconvening, proceed as a body to the Hall of the House of Representa-tives for the joint session of Congress provided under the provisions of H. Con. Res. 101; that upon dissolution of the joint session, the Senate adjourn to then convene for a pro forma session only, with no business being conducted, on Friday, February 2, at 11 a.m.; that following the pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until Monday, Feb-ruary 5, at 3 p.m.; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 8:25 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 4:33 p.m., recessed until 8:25 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. T
ILLIS ). 
f 
JOINT SESSION OF THE TWO HOUSES—ADDRESS BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed as a body to the Hall of the House of Representatives to receive a mes-sage from the President of the United States. Thereupon, the Senate, preceded by the Deputy Sergeant at Arms, James Morhard; the Secretary of the Senate, Julie E. Adams; and the Vice President of the United States, Michael R. Pence, proceeded to the Hall of the House of Representatives to hear the address by the President of the United States, Donald J. Trump. (The address delivered by the Presi-dent of the United States to the joint session of the two Houses of Congress is printed in the proceedings of the House of Representatives in today’s R
ECORD .) 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2018, AT 11 A.M. At the conclusion of the joint session of the two Houses, and in accordance with the order previously entered, at 10:38 p.m., the Senate adjourned until Friday, February 2, 2018, at 11 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate January 30, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
MATTHEW BASSETT, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.009 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES592 January 30, 2018 
THE JUDICIARY  
DAVID RYAN STRAS, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. SCOTT D. BERRIER 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE DEPUTY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF THE AIR FORCE AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 8037: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. CHARLES L. PLUMMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 8081: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. SHARON R. BANNISTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE SERVING AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 8037: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JEFFERY A. ROCKWELL 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ANTHONY R. HALE COL. GARRICK M. HARMON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ERIC J. WESLEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. THEODORE D. MARTIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. SUSIE S. KUILAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. LESLIE C. SMITH 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) JOHNNY R. WOLFE, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JOHN C. RING THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) SCOTT D. CONN IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SARAH E. ABEL AND ENDING WITH MICHELLE E. WYCHE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 14, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRETT L. HEDGEPETH AND ENDING WITH RYAN M. YI, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON DECEMBER 11, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOANNA K. KOWALIK AND ENDING WITH MAHASIN M. HANGALAY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON DE-CEMBER 11, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TRISH M. ARNO AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER N. WHITE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 8, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JIN HWA LEE FRAZIER AND ENDING WITH JACK DAVID SPENCER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH COREY L. ANDERSON AND ENDING WITH ROBERT K. TALTON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MICHAEL C. MAINE, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MELISSA A. DAY AND ENDING WITH ROBERTA J. STEMEM, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MATTHEW M. BIRD AND ENDING WITH PAUL KELLEY STROUD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH HOLLY L. BREWER AND ENDING WITH MARIO TOMMASI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN G. ANDRADE AND ENDING WITH LAWRENCE P. WOOD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JOSHUA M. KOVICH, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID M. DERSCH, JR. AND ENDING WITH PATRICK J. TRAVERS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LANCE J. KIM AND ENDING WITH SONIA W. S. TAOYI, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF DAVID L. WELLS II, TO BE COLONEL. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF ALEKSANDR GUTMAN, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF ROBERT L. OZBURN, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOCELYN A. LEVENTHAL, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALYSSA S. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH BRADLEY O. WOOD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KENNETH S. KATROSH AND ENDING WITH DOLLY R. LIVINGSTON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSEPH KLOIBER AND ENDING WITH PAUL NAVAS III, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF ERICK C. CREWS, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL C. BRADWICK AND ENDING WITH DOUGLAS S. YOON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ZACHARY T. BUSENBARK AND ENDING WITH JAIME A. SANJUAN RUBIO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GABBY V. CANCERAN AND ENDING WITH JOHN P. CROSS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF ADAM T. SOTO, TO BE LIEUTEN-ANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF PHILIP J. DACUNTO, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF LYLE A. OURADA, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF SHERRY M. KWON, TO BE MAJOR. IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER N. EARLEY, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WIL-LIAM DOCTOR, JR. AND ENDING WITH SCOTT E. VASQUEZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PAULO T. ALVES AND ENDING WITH PATRICK J. TOAL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF HENRY W. SOUKUP, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF WILLIAM W. INNS III, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF CRAIG A. ELLIOTT, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BILL W. BROOKS, JR. AND ENDING WITH KYLE L. HOLLIS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ED-WARD J. ABMA AND ENDING WITH JOSEPH A. ZIMMER-MANN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JUSTIN R. ANDERSON AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL D. WILCOX, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 18, 2018. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF STEVEN P. HULSE, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PAUL F. MAGOULICK AND ENDING WITH LI SUNG, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 14, 2017. NAVY NOMINATION OF NICHOLAS H. STEGING, JR., TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF JONATHAN S. DURHAM, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LAURA C. GILSTRAP AND ENDING WITH DIANA TRANYU, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON DECEMBER 11, 2017. NAVY NOMINATION OF TODD D. HUSTY, TO BE LIEUTEN-ANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF DAWN M. STANKUS, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF PAUL I. AHN, TO BE LIEUTEN-ANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF ALLEN G. GUNN, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARC CLAYTON GILKEY AND ENDING WITH MARK A. MYERS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 8, 2018. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALYCE S. AHN AND ENDING WITH MICHELE D. WOONACOTT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 8, 2018. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PRIYA U. AMIN AND ENDING WITH ERIK Z. ZAHNEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 8, 2018. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AN-GELA P. AGGELER AND ENDING WITH MARI JAIN WOMACK, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 8, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A30JA6.007 S30JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE113 January 30, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROBERT J. HARRIS’S LEADERSHIP 
HON. DAVID P. JOYCE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize a great leader of the U.S. fastener industry. He is one of the basic build-ing blocks of virtually all manufacturing, Robert J. Harris, Managing Director of the Industrial Fasteners Institute (IFI) since 1995, retired from the Institute on December 31, 2017. Rob brought financial stability and strategic leader-ship to IFI, the trade organization that has rep-resented the U.S. fastener manufacturing in-dustry since 1931. Under his guidance, the In-stitute became the recognized authority in the development of all technical standards for fas-teners, a critical component of ensuring capa-bility and safety across all products. Rob’s leadership was perhaps most visible during the 1990s, when a pending regulatory burden imposed by the well-intentioned but fa-tally flawed Fastener Quality Act (FQA) threat-ened to shut down the industry and place se-vere limits on production of automakers, aero-space manufacturers, and a host of other U.S. and international producers. Working with a coalition of IFI members, as well as, rep-resentatives of the auto, aerospace, heavy equipment, appliance and other manufactur-ers, Rob developed and implemented a strat-egy to revamp the decades-old FQA. Con-gress approved the Fastener Quality Act Amendments Act in 1998, and it has been a great success in the twenty years since. Be-fore joining IFI in 1995, Rob had already en-joyed a varied and successful career. A native of Kentucky, he graduated from the U.S. Mer-chant Marine Academy and subsequently earned a master’s degree in International Fi-nance from the College of William and Mary and an MBA from DePaul University. He served in the U.S. Navy in Vietnam as a gun-boat Captain. Along with all of the residents of the 14th Congressional District of Ohio, I congratulate Rob on a well-deserved retirement. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BISHOP ALEXIS THOMAS 
HON. RUBEN GALLEGO 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and work of Bishop Alexis Thomas, who passed away on January 18, 2018. Bishop Alexis Thomas was many things to many people. He was a pastor, a leader, and a friend. He was a father, a son and a brother. He was a dynamic and passionate leader not just at Pilgrim Rest Baptist Church, but throughout our community in Phoenix. Having received his license to preach the gospel at the young age of seven, it is per-haps unsurprising that Bishop Thomas was destined for a life in service of God and his community. Before he was ordained as the Bishop of the State of Arizona in 2003, Bishop Thomas served for eighteen years as the Sen-ior Pastor of Pilgrim Rest, which grew by leaps and bounds under his compassionate leadership. Bishop Thomas’ service extended well be-yond Pilgrim West Baptist Church. Not only did he serve on the Board of Directors of the Greater Phoenix Black Chamber of Com-merce, but he also founded the African Amer-ican Christian Clergy Coalition in 2001 and co- founded the African American Strategic Alli-ance Coalition in Phoenix. I want to take this opportunity not only to re-member and celebrate Bishop Thomas’ many accomplishments, but also to share my sin-cere condolences with Bishop Thomas’ family and friends, as well as with the broader Phoe-nix community mourning his loss. I was fortunate enough to work alongside Bishop Thomas on issues of social justice. We served together as a part of My Brother’s Keeper, and I witnessed firsthand his bound-less determination to make our community— and our world—a better place. Bishop Thomas will be recalled fondly by many as a coun-selor, friend and mentor. He will also be re-membered as a man with a sincere and re-markable vision for change. Through our work together in support of the Congressional Black Caucus, I feel incredibly fortunate that I was able to witness Bishop Thomas’ inspiring lead-ership firsthand. Bishop Thomas worked miracles large and small every day. He touched more lives than perhaps we will ever know. Mr. Speaker, while we are devastated by his loss, we know that Bishop Thomas’ legacy of service and love will live on forever in our community. f 
IN HONOR OF LEAH COSNER’S 100TH BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Leah Cosner on the celebration of her 100th birthday. I join her friends and family in extending my best to her on this occasion and in celebrating her life and contributions to our great state. I hope she uses this momentous day to do the same. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Leah Cosner on her birthday. May her year be filled with happiness and blessings. HONORING LASA JOINER HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an extraordinary Geor-gian and a great American, Lasa Joiner. Lasa has been involved in Georgia legisla-tive issues for over thirty years, and is well known throughout the State of Georgia and around the country for her interest and exper-tise in mental health issues. Lasa Joiner first began serving as an advo-cate for and advisor to the Georgia Psychiatric Physicians Association during the 1988 Ses-sion of the Georgia General Assembly and be-came their Executive Director in 2003. So re-spected for her leadership, the Georgia Psy-chiatric Physicians Association awarded her with the 2008 Dancing Elephant Award for ex-cellence in administrative leadership. Lasa was the first woman to Chair the Board of the Georgia Department of Human Resources, the largest department in state government. She also chaired the Mental Health, Mental Retardation and Substance Abuse Committee and the Rehabilitation Serv-ices Committee. Lasa Joiner’s years of outstanding advocacy for psychiatric professionals and their patients and her tireless efforts to improve access to quality mental health care in Georgia, have undeniably made our state a better place for all of its residents. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Lasa Joiner on her retirement, and extend my sincerest wish-es for her continued health and happiness. God bless Lasa Joiner. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF HANOVER PARK, ILLI-NOIS 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the in-corporation of Hanover Park, Illinois. Hanover Park is a model for other cities and towns to follow through its continued dedica-tion to building a friendly and welcoming com-munity for residents and visitors alike. Located just 17 miles from O’Hare International Airport and 45 minutes from downtown Chicago, Han-over Park has thriving business parks, a grow-ing retail community, and easy access to glob-al markets. In the years since its first permanent settlers in 1874 and its incorporation in 1958, Hanover Park has become a center of culture and com-merce. As a home to 80 nationalities and 30 spoken languages, it is a diverse village. Han-over Park is a great place to work, live, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30JA8.001 E30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE114 January 30, 2018 
raise a family. The Village’s police and fire de-partments are consistently recognized as two of the finest in the state and the local govern-ment is highly engaged and enthusiastic. The residents, families, businesses, professionals, churches and organizations have made Han-over Park a vibrant and thriving community. On the occasion of this 60th anniversary, we join together to celebrate Hanover Park’s legacy of growth and prosperity and look ahead to the opportunities facing this great vil-lage and our nation. Today both marks 60 years of working together to build a brighter future and reminds us that our work continues. Mr. Speaker and Distinguished Colleagues, please join me in recognizing the 60th anni-versary of the incorporation of Hanover Park, Illinois, and wishing its residents great success in the years ahead. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for Roll Call votes 45 and 46 on Monday, January 29, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call votes 45 and 46. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 29, 2018 a flight delay prevented me from partici-pating in the 6:30 p.m. vote series. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 45, and YEA on Roll Call No. 46. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEG-ACY OF FIRST LIEUTENANT CLAY CULLEN 
HON. LARRY BUCSHON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of First Lieuten-ant Clay Cullen. On the weekend of January 20, 2018, Lieutenant Cullen was killed in a training accident while serving in the 4th Com-bat Aviation Brigade, 4th Infantry Division at the National Training Center at Fort Irwin, California. He was an American hero and our thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends. Lieutenant Cullen was 25 years old and the son of Robert and Julie Cullen of Bicknell, which is located in Knox County, Indiana. He was an enigmatic young man that left a wave of positive impressions on the people he touched. He attended North Knox Junior/Sen-ior High School where he excelled both in the classroom and on the field. He was named most valuable player of the soccer team while also being an active member of the National Honor Society and the student council. After graduating from high school, Lieuten-ant Cullen enrolled and attended Vincennes University before moving on to attend Indiana University where he served in the National Guard. Upon graduation from IU in 2015, he became a commissioned officer on active duty. During his years of service, Lieutenant Cullen received several awards including the Army Achievement Medal, National Defense Service Medal, and the Army Service Ribbon. Mr. Speaker, Lieutenant Cullen served his country to his fullest ability and his service will never be forgotten. Please join me today in commemorating the life of First Lieutenant Clay Cullen for his service to our nation. f 
PANAYIOTA VURNAKES VALLAS 
HON. GEORGE HOLDING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Mrs. Pota Vurnakes Vallas. Mrs. Vallas grew up in Krissafa, Greece, a small village near Sparta, where she was born in 1908. Her father, Gus Vurnakes, immigrated to the United States in 1924 and brought Pota, who was the eldest of the ten Vurnakes’ chil-dren, with him. It was at that time, Mr. Speaker, that Pota’s father put her to work assisting him at the California Fruit Store on Fayetteville Street in Raleigh, North Carolina where she made homemade ice cream and chocolates. By 1927, just before the Great Depression Pota married her husband, the late George Theodore Vallas, himself a fellow immigrant. Mr. Speaker, like many families at the time, the Vallas’ and Vurnakes’ were overwhelmed by the Depression. Pota’s family lost their home, their life savings, and the California Fruit Store during that time. But they never lost their will to striving for a better life. And in 1944, Pota and George travelled to Chicago and where they were able to pur-chase the distributorship of the National Sew-ing Machine Company. Their business grew into National Art Interiors—a landmark in Ra-leigh—supplying furnishings for both homes and businesses. Mr. Speaker, Pota served on the North Carolina Community Foundation, the First Citi-zens Bank Board and was a life-long member of the Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church. She was presented with the Saint Michael’s Award for her years of dedicated service by the Greek Orthodox Diocese of America. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, Pota Vallas passed away December 12, 2017 at the age of 109. She was a loving wife, and mother, as well as a pioneering entrepreneur and business-woman in North Carolina and she will be missed. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RON ESTES 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for Roll Call vote No. 45, a re-corded vote on a motion to suspend the rules and pass S. 534. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH RUNNING OF THE SAULT SAINTE MARIE INTERNATIONAL-500 ENDURANCE SNOWMOBILE RACE 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the Sault Sainte Marie I-500 En-durance Snowmobile Race as it celebrates its 50th annual competition. We Michiganders are proud of the I-500’s half-century of world-class racing and commitment to the people of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The first official running of the arduous 500- mile snowmobile race took place on February 8, 1969. The 100% volunteer-run event initially hosted 47 racers on the 1-mile oval ice track—the only such track in North America. Since then, the I-500 has become respected as the most prestigious and grueling snow-mobile race in the world. Hundreds of racers vie for the winner’s purse while snowmobile manufacturers from around the world look to showcase their machines’ reliability and dura-bility. Every year, thousands of visitors come to Sault Sainte Marie to watch the race and enjoy the festivities. The week-long celebration includes days of qualifying laps, open ice skating on the track, vintage snowmobile exhibitions, youth snow-mobile races, food truck competitions, the Winter Pub Crawl, and the Miss I-500 Pag-eant—all leading up to the day of the race. This year, to help celebrate the 50th anniver-sary, there will also be an attempt to break the world record for the largest snowmobile pa-rade. Through its week of competition, com-munity, and camaraderie, the impact of the I- 500 on the people of the Upper Peninsula and Northern Michigan cannot be overstated. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the Sault Sainte Marie I-500 Endurance Snow-mobile Race for 50 years of exciting competi-tion and community engagement. Michiganders can take great pride in knowing that the First District is home to such a pres-tigious and dynamic event. On behalf of my constituents, I wish the Soo I-500 all the best in its future endeavors, and best of luck to the racers. 
f 
REPRESENTATIVE FRELING-HUYSEN RETIREMENT STATE-MENT 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, today as I announce my retirement at the end of this session of Congress, I want to use the oppor-tunity to strongly encourage the many young people I meet to consider public service. Pub-lic service is an incredible way to turn your convictions into something that serves the greater good and to do it alongside people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30JA8.005 E30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE115 January 30, 2018 
from every walk of life and background. That has certainly been my experience here in this House, and during my Army service in Viet-nam. I thank my friends and colleagues with whom I have served. My years in public serv-ice have allowed me to represent my home county of Morris for over 40 years, and also Essex, Passaic, Sussex Counties, and earlier on, Somerset. That would not have been pos-sible without the love and support of my wife, Virginia, our two girls and my late father and mentor, Peter. The unsung heroes of my time in Congress are my staff, both in Morristown and Washington, who tend every day to the needs of 730,000 constituents. During my time serving here there have been times of great tragedy including the ter-rorist attacks of 9/11 and the ravages of Hurri-cane Sandy on my home state. In my role on the House Appropriations Committee, I made sure that New Jersey’s needs were met in both the immediate aftermath as well as over time in the wake of these events. I have proudly been able to secure key federal in-vestments for New Jersey to strengthen our economy, our institutions of higher education, our hospitals and public transportation sys-tems, to preserve open space and protect the environment and to better serve our veterans and our fellow citizens with mental illness and disabilities. As Chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, this past year I have had a sin-gular focus on ‘‘getting our work done’’. We completed 12 appropriations bills left over from 2017, we passed all 2018 bills in record time through regular order, and three Disaster Supplementals historic in scope and the expe-diency with which we acted to help our fellow citizens. In my remaining year as chairman, I am determined to finish the FY18 bills and pass our FY19 bills through regular order. Every member, Republican and Democrat, will continue to have ample opportunity to directly impact the Congressional power of the purse and decide the best and highest use of limited taxpayer money. This will require—and I will happily devote—all my energies to this task. Throughout my service in this House, my deepest devotion has been to supporting our Armed Forces, all volunteers, and their fami-lies, here and abroad, and those warfighters who have returned home with injuries and who depend on a functioning veterans’ health care system. To those of you I have met while you served us overseas and to those of you that I have sat by your bedside, I hope and trust I have served you well. I have worked in a bipartisan manner, not just in times of crisis but always, because I believe it best serves my constituents, my state and our country. My father reminded me often that we are temporary stewards of the public trust. I have sincerely endeavored to earn that trust every day and I thank my con-stituents and my home state of New Jersey for the honor to serve and I will continue to do so to the best of my abilities through the end of my term. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, on January 29, I was unable to vote on Roll Call votes 45 and 46. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call 45—Yes, and Roll Call 46— Yes. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RUBEN GALLEGO 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained in my congressional district and was not present for two roll call votes on Mon-day, January 29, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: Roll Call Vote No. 45—S. 534, Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act of 2017, as amended—YES; and Roll Call Vote No. 46—H.R. 1457, To es-tablish requirements for use of a driver’s li-cense or personal identification card by certain financial institutions for opening an account or obtaining a financial product or service, and for other purposes, as amended—YES. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE OF JAZZ TRUMPETER HUGH MASEKELA 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to note the passing of South African jazz trum-peter, composer and anti-apartheid activist Hugh Masekela, who died January 23 after a long fight with prostate cancer. Mr. Masekela, 78, was honored in October at the 26th annual National Civil Rights Museum Freedom Awards in Memphis although he was too sick to make the trip from Johannesburg and the award was accepted by his son, Salema Masekela, in his place. Masekela was an integral part of the African jazz scene in the 1950s and ’60s with his band the Jazz Epistles. In response to South Africa’s oppressive apartheid, which prevented large gatherings of black people from legally attending his bands’ concerts, he went into exile in 1964, at the age of 21, first in Britain and then in the United States. In 1968, he had an international No. 1 hit—‘‘Grazing in the Grass.’’ He was also known for ‘‘Bring Him Back Home,’’ an anthem calling for the re-lease of the future South African President Nelson Mandela, imprisoned for 27 years for his anti-apartheid activities, and ‘‘Soweto Blues.’’ Masekela collaborated with a variety of ac-tivists and entertainers including Harry Belafonte, Jimi Hendrix, Otis Redding, Janis Joplin and Paul Simon, with whom he toured on the ‘‘Graceland’’ album concerts with Ladysmith Black Mambazo. He released more than 40 albums in his career and toured inter-nationally until last year. ‘‘My biggest obsession is to show Africans and the world who the people of Africa really are,’’ he said on his official website. In 2012, he participated in UNESCO’s Inter-national Jazz Day at the United Nations Gen-eral Assembly Hall in New York City with Richard Bona of Cameroon, Dee Dee Bridge-water, Danilo Perez, Derek Trucks and Susan Tedeschi, Jack DeJohnette, Herbie Hancock, Jimmy Heath, Zakir Hussain of India, Angelique Kidjo of Benin, Lang Lang of China, Romero Lubambo of Brazil, Shankar Mahadevan of India, Wynton Marsalis, Chris-tian McBride, Dianne Reeves, Wayne Shorter, Esperanza Spalding, Hiromi Uehara of Japan. Masekela returned to South Africa in 1990 when Mandela was freed and has been a vocal voice for freedom. I join fans and activ-ists around the world in paying tribute to a giant of African culture and the arts. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote today on S. 534, Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act (Roll Call No. 45), I would have voted aye. This bill would require authorization to interact with minor amateur athletes to report any sus-pected incidents of child abuse, including sex-ual abuse, to the sport’s governing body. Additionally, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 1457 (Roll Call No. 682), I would have voted aye. This bill would allow banks and other financial institutions nationwide to use an individual’s state-issued driver’s license or per-sonal identification card to verify the individ-ual’s identity when using a mobile device to initiate mobile banking or other online service. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, due to a per-sonal commitment, I was unable to vote on the following: Roll Call No. 35 and Roll Call No. 36. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING RONN OWENS ON HIS DISTINGUISHED CAREER 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, Democratic Leader N
ANCY PELOSI as well as Representatives M
ARK DESAULNIER , A NNA E
SHOO , JOHN GARAMENDI , JARED HUFFMAN , RO K
HANNA , BARBARA LEE, ZOELOFGREN , JERRY  M
CNERNEY , JACKIE SPEIER , M IKETHOMPSON , and I rise to recognize Ronn Owens for his lifetime of service to the San Francisco Bay Area as a radio journalist of the highest cal-iber. Ronn, a resident of San Francisco, launched his daily radio talk show on KGO 810 in 1975. He has covered everything from politics to pop culture, and his show has been called the ‘‘ultimate town hall meeting.’’ He be-came known as a voice of reason, balancing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30JA8.007 E30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE116 January 30, 2018 
issues so that listeners can make up their own minds. In an era of divisiveness and shock radio, Ronn gave listeners a space in which both sides could be heard and have produc-tive discussions. His thousands of guests have included Presidents Barack Obama and Jimmy Carter, Senators D
IANNE FEINSTEIN and Barbara Boxer, Gov. Jerry Brown, Democratic Leader N
ANCY PELOSI , Steve Martin, John Oliver, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Martin Short, Sam Donald-son, Bill Maher, Condoleezza Rice, Madeleine Albright, Benjamin Netanyahu, J
OHN MCCAIN, Joe Montana, Tony Bennett and Willie Mays. Ronn has won numerous awards over the years and was inducted into the Bay Area Radio Hall of Fame in December 2007 and the National Radio Hall of Fame in Chicago in 2015. The National Association of Broad-casters presented him with the prestigious Marconi Award for Major Market Personality of the Year Award in 2003 and again in 2010. Talkers Magazine named Ronn one of the Top 25 Greatest Radio Talk Show Hosts of All Time, ranking him 13th and the top local per-sonality in the country. His book, ‘‘Voice of Reason: Why the Left and Right are Wrong,’’ was published in 2004. By bringing newsmakers into his studio in a friendly but probing way, Ronn Owens has vastly enriched the Bay Area’s knowledge and culture for more than four decades. His inci-sive analysis has helped generations of Cali-fornians and online listeners around the globe better understand and enjoy the world around them. It was my great honor to be the guest dur-ing his last full show on Friday, January 12. He will continue on the air with a 10-minute ‘‘Ronn Owens Report’’ each weekday. We congratulate Ronn on his fine work and many accomplishments, and we wish him the very best with his newest endeavor. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I was absent from the House Chamber on Monday, January 29, 2018, recovering from a medical proce-dure. Had I recorded my vote, I would have voted: ‘‘Yea’’ on roll call no. 45, on the motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended, S. 534, the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act; ‘‘Yea’’ on roll call no. 46, on the motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended, H.R. 1457, to establish requirements for use of a drivers license or personal identification card by certain financial institutions for open-ing an account or obtaining a financial product or service, and for other purposes. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, due to a per-sonal conflict, I was unable to make votes. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 38; Pres on Roll Call No. 39; Yea on Roll Call No. 40; Yea on Roll Call No. 41; and Yea on Roll Call No. 42. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LYNN JENKINS 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for Roll Call votes on No. 45 and 46 the evening of January 29, 2018. I would have voted in favor of S. 534, sponsored by Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN ; I would have voted in favor for H.R. 1457, sponsored by Rep-resentative T
IPTON . 
f 
CELEBRATING EDWIN AND SAN-DRA HAMILTON’S 50TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. BARRY LOUDERMILK 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th wedding anniversary of Mr. Edwin Richard Hamilton and Mrs. Sandra Elain (Thompson) Hamilton. Edwin and Sandra were married on Feb-ruary 3, 1968 in Cartersville, Georgia by the Reverend Charles McPherson. Reaching the wonderful milestone of a gold-en anniversary shows such a great commit-ment to your spouse and family. This marriage stands as a blessing and an encouragement to me and all those who know this couple. Please join me in wishing Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton a very happy and blessed anniver-sary. May God bless them with many more years of happiness and health. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOAN GILLAM MANDA 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Joan Gillam Manda, who passed away on January 20, 2018. Joan Gillam Manda was born on October 19, 1923, in Maryville, Missouri, where she was active in church and school during her youth. A proud Tiger, Joan graduated from the University of Missouri—Columbia with a de-gree in Journalism in 1945. Joan was a de-voted wife to her husband, Ed Manda, whom she married in 1947. Joan and Ed moved to Pleasant Hill, Missouri, where they raised their four children. She enjoyed staying involved with her children’s lives and was very sup-portive of their many activities growing up. As an active member of the First Pres-byterian Church, Joan was devoted to her faith and to her community, where she spent much of her time volunteering. She also proudly competed as a co-pilot for several years in the All Women’s Transcontinental Air Race, where she and her pilot once won the competition. Joan truly knew how to live her life to the fullest. She was well known for her pursuit of adventure and traveled world-wide throughout her life. In recent years, she enjoyed listening to her grandchildren’s stories of their own ad-ventures across the globe. A proud grand-mother of 11 and great-grandmother of 15, Joan took delight in keeping up with her many family members through social media. I would like to offer my deepest condo-lences to Joan’s family and friends, by whom she will be greatly missed. Joan’s commitment to her family, her faith, and her community will be forever cherished in the hearts of the many people she touched throughout her life. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I was unable to cast votes on the following legislative measures due to family medical reasons. If I were present for roll call votes, I would have voted No for the following votes: Roll 35, January 19, 2018: On Motion to Table, H. Res. 705, Impeaching Donald John Trump, President of the United States, of high misdemeanors; Roll 36, January 19, 2018: On Passage, H.R. 4712, Born-Alive Abortion Sur-vivors Protection Act; Roll 37, January 19, 2018: On Motion to Adjourn; Roll 38, January 20, 2018: On Ordering a Call of the House; Roll 40, January 20, 2018: On Tabling Appeal of the Ruling of the Chair, H. Res. 708, Waiving a Requirement of Clause 6(A) of Rule XIII with Respect to Consideration of Certain Resolutions Reported from the Committee on Rules, and Providing for Consideration of Mo-tions to Suspend the Rules; Roll 41, January 20, 2018: On Ordering the Previous Question, H. Res. 708, Waiving a Requirement of Clause 6(A) of Rule XIII with Respect to Con-sideration of Certain Resolutions Reported from the Committee on Rules, and Providing for Consideration of Motions to Suspend the Rules; and Roll 42, January 20, 2018: on Agreeing to the Resolution, H. Res. 708, Waiving a Requirement of Clause 6(A) of Rule XIII with Respect to Consideration of Certain Resolutions Reported from the Committee on Rules, and Providing for Consideration of Mo-tions to Suspend the Rules. I would have voted Present for the following vote: Roll 39, January 20, 2018: On Call of the House. I would have voted Aye for the following vote: Roll 43, January 20, 2018: On Motion to Fix the Convening Time. 
f 
HONORING PASTOR DR. WAYNE COFIELD AND WHITFIELD BAP-TIST CHURCH 
HON. TOM GRAVES 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of Dr. Wayne 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30JA8.013 E30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE117 January 30, 2018 
Cofield who is celebrating 40 years as pastor of Whitfield Baptist Church. Pastor Cofield grew up in Decatur, Georgia, and attended Georgia State University, grad-uating with a degree in Business Administra-tion. He was later ordained to preach at Wesley hills Baptist Church in Decatur, where he was an active member for 22 years. Then after serving for several years at Gos-pel Baptist Temple in Claxton, Georgia, he moved with his wife Connie and their four chil-dren to Dalton in 1978 to establish Whitfield Baptist Church. Pastor Cofield’s first service at Whitfield Baptist Church was held on February 4, 1978, with 42 attending the service and 29 children attending the Sunday school. A few short months later, Whitfield Baptist had more than 200 people attending morning service and more than 170 attending Sunday school. Since that time, under Pastor Cofield’s steady leadership, Whitfield Baptist continues to grow and thrive. I am proud today to recognize Pastor Co-field’s service and contributions to our commu-nity and state. I want to close by saying thank you to Wayne for his dedication and commitment to service. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE CLAREMONT, NEW HAMPSHIRE AD HOC AM-TRAK PLATFORM COMMITTEE MEMBERS 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the members of the Claremont, New Hampshire, Ad Hoc Am-trak Platform Committee. The people of the Upper Valley owe a tremendous debt to the public servants and civic-minded citizens who took up the important work of this committee. Those individuals are: Jeffrey Albright, State Representative Raymond Gagnon, Mayor Charlene Lovett, Scott Magnuson, former City Councilor James Reed, Walter Stapleton, and former City Councilor Carolyn Towle. Since its formation in 2014, the committee has worked extensively to promote and improve rail trans-portation and access in the region. Through new signage around Claremont and effective digital marketing, the committee did an out-standing job of raising awareness of the value and opportunity the Amtrak Vermonter line had for the Claremont community, and vice versa. They spearheaded a campaign to con-struct a passenger shelter at the Claremont station with all-volunteer funding and labor. As a direct result of their efforts, ridership num-bers have notably increased each of the last three years, and the New England Intercity Rail Initiative has decided that Claremont should remain included in future high speed rail service. It is also important to recognize the national and international impact of the committee. Its members worked closely with my office to pro-vide input and help advance the Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act, which I introduced in 2016. This legislation paved the way for a bilateral border security agreement that allows the United States and Canada to expand preclearance customs fa-cilities, including rail facilities for the first time. It improves travel and trade opportunities for our northern border communities while also strengthening our national security. The bill was signed into law by President Barack Obama, and in 2017 the agreement was ap-proved by the Canadian House of Commons. I commend the committee members for all they have done to help bring this meaningful policy to fruition. On behalf of my constituents in New Hamp-shire’s Second Congressional District, I thank Jeffrey, Richard, Charlene, Scott, James, Wal-ter, and Carolyn for their dedicated service and advocacy. Their achievements will con-tinue to benefit Granite State transportation, tourism, and economic development for years to come. I am honored to recognize and con-gratulate them. f 
CELEBRATING 100 YEARS AT TEMPLE BETH ISRAEL 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate an important and longstanding part of the fabric of the 9th Congressional District of Illinois: Temple Beth Israel in suburban Skokie, north of Chicago. January 31, 2018 marks 100 years since the Temple’s incorporation in the State of Illinois, and it is considered its official birthday. Temple Beth Israel was the first Reform congregation in the Albany Park neighborhood of Chicago; and while its location may have changed over the last century, it has remained a stable presence in the lives of its congregants. For 100 years, Temple Beth Israel has allowed individuals and families to come together and express their Judaism— providing comfort in dire times, a place to cel-ebrate in happier times, and an opportunity to reflect and pray. This congregation has seen success be-cause of the diligent work of its rabbis and staff over the years. Three different rabbis have spent more than 30 years apiece at this congregation, and each has left their mark on this institution. Rabbi Michael A. Weinberg has served as the Temple’s beloved rabbi since 1987 and is a past president of the Chicago Association of Reform Rabbis, in addition to serving in other roles of distinction. Rabbi Weinberg was pre-ceded by Rabbi Ernest M. Lorge, who served from 1947 through 1984. Rabbi Lorge worked hard to expand the congregation, was very in-volved in the issues of the day, and met with President John F. Kennedy at the White House to discuss civil rights issues. Rabbi Felix S. Mendelsohn served as the first full time Rabbi for Temple Beth Israel. He began his service in 1919 and is credited with found-ing both the Temple Center, a Jewish social center for young adults, and National Jewish Book Week—today known as Jewish Book Month. Today, the Temple Beth Israel congregation numbers approximately 400 families, and re-mains a vibrant part of the 9th Congressional District’s diverse community. I offer my sincere congratulations to Rabbi Weinberg, the con-gregation’s past and present staff and the many congregants who are celebrating this important milestone. I wish them all the best in the years ahead and hope for another century of good work ahead for Temple Beth Israel. f 
HONORING MARVIN HILL OF DIERKS, ARKANSAS 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I stand today to recognize a true American hero. Marvin Hill of Dierks, Arkansas, is a 103-year- old veteran of World War II. On Tuesday, Jan-uary 30, the Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System will recognize Mr. Hill with a commemorative coin in honor of his service and sacrifice on behalf of the United States. I ask the people of Arkansas to join the VA and myself in honoring Mr. Hill and thanking him for fighting in defense of freedom. 
f 
CHINA IMPOSES COMMUNIST CON-TROL OVER LARUNG GAR MON-ASTERY IN TIBET 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my outrage about the action by the Chinese authorities to impose Communist Party control over Larung Gar, the Tibetan Monastery and learning center of Tibetan Bud-dhism. According to information published by Human Rights Watch on January 24, 2018, some 200 Communist Party cadres and lay of-ficials are taking over all management, fi-nances, security, admissions, and even the choice of textbooks at the Larung Gar center, following demolitions and expulsions carried out last year. Mr. Speaker, I would like to bring to the at-tention of my colleagues the information re-leased by Human Rights Watch. It is a signifi-cant blow to freedom of religion in Tibet and China, and a matter of great concern to all members of Congress. 
[Human Rights Watch, Jan. 24, 2018] C
HINA: NEWCONTROLS ON TIBETAN  M
ONASTERY  N
EWYORK—The Chinese authorities have imposed new administrative controls on the Tibetan Buddhist monastic center of Larung Gar that infringe upon freedom of religion, Human Rights Watch said today. According to an official document obtained by Human Rights Watch, some 200 Com-munist Party cadres and lay officials are taking over all management, finances, secu-rity, admissions, and even the choice of text-books at the center, following demolitions and expulsions in 2017. ‘‘The new government controls over Larung Gar fly in the face of Party claims that China respects constitutionally pro-tected religious beliefs,’’ said Sophie Rich-ardson, China director at Human Rights Watch. ‘‘The micromanagement of the Ti-betan monastery encroaches on religious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA8.020 E30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE118 January 30, 2018 
freedom and is likely to fuel resentment against Beijing.’’ The brochure emphasizes increased secu-rity and heightened control of the monks and nuns, calling for rigid limits on the num-bers allowed to stay there, and for ongoing surveillance of the monastery population through the establishment of a ‘‘grid man-agement’’ system throughout the settle-ment. It also states that all residents and visitors will be subjected to ‘‘real-name reg-istration,’’ with monks required to have red tags or labels (Tibetan: byang bu), while nuns will have yellow labels, and lay devo-tees will have green ones. Larung Gar was the largest center of Bud-dhist monasticism in Tibet, if not the world, until an eight-month program of expulsions and demolitions, which ended in April 2017 after reducing the number of residents to around 5,000. It had previously been run by Tibetan monks and nuns selected by senior members of the monastery. The govern-ment’s takeover of the administration—de-scribed in the official document as ‘‘stand-ardization’’—could have far more significant impact than the demolitions and expulsions. The actions led a group of experts from the United Nations in November 2016 to ask the Chinese government to provide information about the legal grounds for the expulsions. The new document is an undated, four-page brochure printed in color in Chinese and Ti-betan and apparently intended for public dis-tribution. It ends with a quotation from Liu Chengming, Party secretary of Kandze pre-fecture, a supposedly autonomous area of Sichuan province that includes Larung Gar. The document appears to have been issued either by his office or by officials running Larung Gar. The document, made available in or short-ly before August 2017, calls for the monastic settlement (Tibetan: gar) to be divided into two sections with a wall between them, with one section designated as an ‘‘institute’’ or academy with a maximum of 1,500 residents, who would be mainly monks, and one as a monastery with a maximum of 3,500 resi-dents, mainly nuns. The original order for the demolitions, which Human Rights Watch obtained and published in June 2016, indicated that in the future three-fifths of the members of the main management committee at Larung Gar would be lay officials instead of monks. That plan was put into practice last August when local authorities announced the names of six top lay officials who had been given posi-tions within Larung Gar’s two main manage-ment committees. All of them, including the deputy police chief of Kandze prefecture, are Communist Party cadres and are therefore required to be atheists. The new document shows that scores of other cadres are to be installed not just in the management committee, but at every level and in each section of the monastic set-tlement. They will hold nearly half of the po-sitions on most committees and in most of-fices, and in most cases will occupy the top positions. The prefectural deputy police chief will be party secretary and principal at the Larung Gar Institute, three of his seven deputy principals will be cadres, and the six ‘‘sub-area management units’’ (Chinese: guanli zu) that supervise the monks at the institute will each be headed by a cadre rath-er than a monk. According to the brochure, new commit-tees will also be set up to handle propaganda, ‘‘internal security,’’ finances, education, and students within the institute. Half of the people running these committees will be cad-res, 97 of whom will be stationed in the insti-tute. Monastery sources have confirmed to Human Rights Watch that at least the same number will be stationed within the other section of the settlement, which is now offi-cially designated as the ‘‘monastery.’’ These sources said that a large building has al-ready been constructed to house the cadres. ‘‘The administrative takeover of Larung Gar by Party officials shows that the govern-ment’s aim was not merely to reduce num-bers at the settlement,’’ Richardson said. ‘‘Chinese authorities are also imposing per-vasive control and surveillance over every level of activity within religious commu-nities.’’ According to the brochure, 40 percent of teaching at Larung Gar Buddhist Institute must now consist of classes in politics and other non-religious subjects. The primary criterion for accepting students will be whether they ‘‘have a firm political stand, accepting the Great Motherland, the Chinese [Chinese: Zhonghua] people, Chinese culture, the Chinese Communist Party and socialism with Chinese characteristics.’’ The objec-tives of study will include to ‘‘honor and sup-port the Chinese Communist Party and the socialist system’’ and to train monks who ‘‘defend the unification of the Motherland, uphold nationality unity and patriotic reli-gion and abide by their vows.’’ Only residents of Sichuan province will be allowed to apply, other than in exceptional cases, eliminating monks and nuns from other Tibetan areas—which had been a dis-tinguishing mark of Larung Gar. Since 2008, Chinese authorities have imposed similar limits on other major Tibetan monasteries, banning them from accepting monks and nuns from outside the local area. The docu-ment also indicates that steps will be taken to stop those who have been expelled from returning to the settlement. The scale of the Communist Party’s inter-vention at Larung Gar is unprecedented, Human Rights Watch said. Since October 2011 permanent teams of cadres have been stationed in all monasteries in the Tibet Au-tonomous Region, the central Tibetan area far to the west of Larung Gar, where they have taken over the management committee of each monastery. There have been reports of similar takeovers of some monasteries in eastern Tibetan areas. But none are known to have consisted of such large teams of cad-res, or to have included cadres even at the lowest levels of monastery management. The changes at Larung Gar are in line with current religion policy, which emphasizes ensuring political stability in monasteries by intensifying official management. It also rewards political compliance by monks and nuns with public praise, titles such as ‘‘model patriotic monk,’’ and other material or social benefits. The document aims to make the study of Buddhism ‘‘standardized, law-abiding and modern,’’ a reference to a new, centralized system for managing reli-gious training, textbooks, and curricular content maintained mainly through a net-work of higher studies institutes being con-structed throughout China to retrain Bud-dhist monks. The scheme appears designed to micro-manage religious institutions rather than close them down and to produce a new gen-eration of Buddhist teachers trained equally in religious doctrine and state ideology in order to ‘‘adapt Tibetan Buddhism to social-ist society.’’ ‘‘The Chinese government’s latest inroads at Larung Gar show a pernicious intent to exercise extreme control over religious prac-tice,’’ Richardson said. ‘‘This is an imme-diate threat to the religious freedom of all Tibetans, but a long-term threat to all Chi-nese.’’ HONORING COLLEEN C. D IPIRRO ON HER RETIREMENT AS AM-HERST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE PRESIDENT AND CEO 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Colleen C. DiPirro, a vi-sionary pioneer who began her career 35 years ago as a single staff person and is now retiring as the President and CEO of the Am-herst Chamber of Commerce having overseen the explosive growth of membership from less than 200 members to more than 3,000, rep-resenting more than 1,300 businesses. She grew its annual budget from $24,000 when she started to more than $1.9 million with a full-time professional staff offering 50 plus annual events, business services, advo-cacy, economic development strategies and an Emerging Business Leaders forum. Colleen’s career is filled with firsts. She was the first President of the WNY Chamber Alli-ance, an organization for Chamber Executives spanning an eight county region; the first woman honored as the Executive of the Year by the Buffalo Sales and Marketing Execu-tives, and in 2009, the first woman named the Buffalo Bills Citizen of the Year, the second recipient behind Ralph Wilson. Colleen is a builder. Her tools were not brick and mortar, but a consummate ability to build a business advocacy organization with team-work, tenacity, compromise and consensus and at times, leading with only the courage of her convictions. Recognized for her hard work, heart, humanity and humor, she was identified as one of the top 100 most influential people in Western New York by Business First sev-eral times. In 2016, she was listed in the Top Ten Most Influential Women and named Cit-izen of the Year by Daemen College. A leader, a legend and a true friend, Ms. DiPirro’s legacy will be her tireless dedicated service to her community and beyond its bor-ders. I can attest to that as my first interaction with Colleen as a Congressman was in 2005 when we took up the fight with the New York Power Authority (NYPA). As a first year minor-ity member of Congress, we had few allies in this battle. And then a call came from Colleen DiPirro who in her role as President of the WNY Chamber Alliance invited me to speak to the Alliance Leaders about why I was fighting NYPA for the Buffalo waterfront. After our roundtable discussion, Colleen asked if I would be willing to debate a NYPA represent-ative before the invited membership of the Alli-ance at WNED studios. That November after-noon debate made possible by Colleen’s out-reach to provide a neutral forum to promote understanding of the issue helped further gal-vanize our community to stand up and fight for itself and contributed to our ultimate victory of a $300 million settlement that continues to fuel the redevelopment of the Buffalo waterfront. I didn’t represent Amherst at that time but that didn’t matter to her as she understood what was good for Buffalo’s waterfront was good for all of Western New York. Others have certainly shared my apprecia-tion and respect for her abilities as she re-ceived the Governor’s Award for Excellence in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30JA8.024 E30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE119 January 30, 2018 
Business and served on the Board of Direc-tors of New York State Chamber of Com-merce Executives in 1999. Colleen serves as event and sponsorship coordinator and as a member of the Advisory Board for the Buffalo Bills Alumni and was selected by Ralph Wil-son, the late owner of the Buffalo Bills, to serve on the Project 21 initiative. Her engage-ment in developing public policy positions was duly noted on both sides of the aisle as she served on the Transition Team for several Erie County Executives. Governor Pataki selected Colleen as a Commissioner on the Buffalo and Fort Erie Public Bridge Authority and to the State Commission on Judicial Conduct. Governor Cuomo appointed Colleen to the Western New York Regional Economic Devel-opment Council, a position she has held since it was created to develop a regional strategic plan and ensure its coordinated implementa-tion. He also appointed her in 2016 to the Roswell Park Cancer Institute Board of Direc-tors. Colleen currently is a member of the Ex-ecutive Committee and Board of Directors of Independent Health and was appointed to the Erie County Industrial Development Agency Policy Committee by County Executive Poloncarz. Her extensive professional and community involvement extends beyond her duties as President and CEO as she served on a variety of committees, boards and associations in leadership and active roles including the WNY Autism Foundation, Hospice Playhouse Project, Executive Women International, Buf-falo Prep, Unyts, Williamsville Sweet Home Junior Football Association and Shea’s Per-forming Arts. Additionally, she served as the first Chairman of the University of Buffalo Leadership Development Program. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a few moments to recognize Colleen C. DiPirro as the Amherst Chamber of Commerce includ-ing staff, board members, family and friends gathers on Thursday, February 1st to cele-brate the work and wisdom of this most influ-ential woman. She is most deserving of these heartfelt acknowledgements that reflect her career of almost 40 years of helping busi-nesses, countless individuals and a growing community reach their full potential. We ex-tend all best wishes for continued good health and happiness to Colleen and her sons, Kevin and Keith, and her four grandchildren, Joey and Kaylee, Drew and Luke, as a new chapter begins for her and the Amherst Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
PROTECTING YOUNG VICTIMS FROM SEXUAL ABUSE AND SAFE SPORT AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 29, 2018 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, the trial of Larry Nassar and the testimonies of more than 150 brave women have illuminated many in-justices. One of the most critical is that our in-stitutions are fundamentally failing to protect young women and men against predators. Of-ficials at USA Gymnastics, Michigan State University, and the U.S. Olympics committee knew about multiple allegations against Nassar. They knew for years, and they did nothing to reprimand the perpetrator or pre-vent it from happening again to other young athletes. This bill, however, does not go far enough. Changes to the governance of these bodies going forward is clearly insufficient to guard the rights of those victims who have already been harmed. The burden should not rest solely on those victims brave enough to ad-vance their claim in a court of law. The past several months in particular have brought to light the systemic problem of sexual harassment and assault. From Larry Nassar, to Harvey Weinstein, to powerful, elected offi-cials, we’ve allowed sexual predators and har-assers to escape scrutiny and consequences for their actions for far too long. This is unac-ceptable and it’s our responsibility to act. We must continue to not only unmask these indi-viduals and their enablers and bring them to justice, but also work tirelessly to prevent these assaults from happening in the first place. And to the countless survivors of sexual as-sault and harassment who so boldly continue to share their stories—I hear you, I believe you, and I thank you for your courage. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ENSURING FULL PARTICIPATION IN THE CENSUS ACT OF 2018 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the Ensuring Full Participation in the Census Act of 2018, which would prohibit the Census Bureau (‘‘Bureau’’) from including questions on the decennial census about citi-zenship, nationality, or immigration status. This bill is essential because the Depart-ment of Justice recently wrote to the Bureau requesting that it ‘‘reinstate on the 2020 Cen-sus questionnaire a question regarding citizen-ship.’’ From 1970 to 2000, this question was sent to only approximately 16 percent of the population during any decennial census through the so-called ‘‘long-form.’’ However, the long-form system with that question was dropped from the census and replaced with the current American Community Survey (ACS). The ACS is sent to approximately 3 million people annually on a rotational basis, instead of just with the decennial census, and allows the Bureau to get the necessary infor-mation on citizenship, without asking every re-spondent during the decennial census. Asking questions about citizenship status to every American through the decennial census has not been done in almost 70 years because it would only discourage people, largely in mi-nority communities, which are already under-represented in the census, from participating in the census. The ACS was created to make the decennial census simpler for American citi-zens to complete, thus encouraging a higher and more accurate participant rate, and to pre-serve privacy. Adding questions back into the decennial census about citizenship would de-feat this purpose of the ACS. The representa-tive sampling provided by the ACS is more than sufficient to determine citizenship statis-tics within the United States. We must ensure that all individuals are counted in the decen-nial census, thereby providing accurate alloca-tion of federal funds and representation in Congress, not reduce participation by already underrepresented minorities because they fear answering questions that are already ad-dressed elsewhere. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill. f 
OPPOSING BEIJING’S UNILATER-ALLY MODIFIED USE OF CIVIL AVIATION FLIGHT ROUTES IN TAIWAN STRAIT AND SUP-PORTING OBSERVER STATUS FOR TAIWAN IN THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION 
HON. STEVE KING 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I would like to address two issues that are of great con-cern to the security and status of Taiwan, a long-time great friend and ally of the United States. First, I am deeply concerned about re-ports that Beijing has modified the use of civil aviation flight routes in the Taiwan Strait with-out consultation with Taiwan authorities. Such unilateral actions are unacceptable to all that desire stability and peace in the region. Issues related to civil aviation and safety in the Tai-wan Strait should be decided through dialogue between both sides. I encourage authorities in Beijing to engage those in Taipei in construc-tive dialogue, on the basis of dignity and re-spect. Second, I reiterate my support for Taiwan to regain its observer status in the World Health Organization (WHO). As you know, statehood is not a requirement for attendance at the World Health Assembly (WHA)—the decision- making body of the WHO—and so there is no legitimate reason to exclude Taiwan. The Peo-ple’s Republic of China (PRC) is but one na-tion in the community of many belonging to the WHO and WHA, and should not get to dic-tate participation to the rest of the body. It is simply not right to treat Taiwan in this way when they contribute so generously to the world, through its role in sectors such as healthcare and international humanitarian aid. Just this month, this House passed H.R. 3320, in support of Taiwan’s observer status in the WHO, on suspension by voice vote. This vote is evidence of this body’s strong support for Taiwan, which I share and endorse whole-heartedly. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to registering more votes to support and bolster Taiwan’s security and status in the world. I am also confident that if we continue to enhance our bilateral relationship, this dynamic partnership that we’ve built together will continue to thrive in the future, and liberty will increase world-wide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA8.025 E30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE120 January 30, 2018 
HONORING MAGGIE MAINE 
HON. MARK SANFORD 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Maggie Maine of Bluffton, South Caro-lina. It is my privilege to recognize her and all that she has overcome and accomplished in just seven short years. On Saturday, February 3rd, 2018, the American Heart Association’s Southern Coast Heart Ball will celebrate Maggie’s life and the odds she has defied. Albert Einstein once said that ‘‘there are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.’’ Maggie lives every day as if it is a miracle and, in so doing, inspires all who know her to ask the larger question of how they might make the most of the miracle we have all been granted in life. Before ever taking a breath, Maggie was di-agnosed with Dandy-Walker Syndrome when Renae, her mother, was just 26 weeks preg-nant. Since then, Maggie has defied the odds and shown true grit She lives with multiple congenital heart defects, a malformation of the cerebellum, and is completely dependent on a pacemaker that was installed when she was just an infant What these things mean is that her ability to see, walk, jump, and dance are things the doctors told her parents she would never be capable of doing. Yet, she does. Maggie is in-deed a miracle kid. Even at such a young age, she is an inspi-ration to those around her. As said best by her parents, she is always smiling, even on the worst of days. With that, I would again ask that you join me in honoring Maggie Maine on this momentous occasion for the life she is liv-ing, her strength and calm, and for the way she stands as an inspiration that should make all of us smile. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE VOYAGE OF THE ‘‘ORYOKU MARU’’ 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-leagues to pause to remember the American POWs who arrived in Japan 73 years ago today. These heroes were survivors of the in-famous ‘‘death cruise’’ of the Oryoku Maru. These men were prisoners since the American territory fell to the Japanese in the spring of 1942. Of the over 1,600 soldiers, sailors, air-men, Marines, and civilians who left Manila on December 13, 1944, barely 400 arrived at the port of Moji, Japan on January 30, 1945. ‘‘Hell Ship’’ is simply the only way to de-scribe the vessels and conditions the POWs endured. These men were packed in dark holds of freighters, usually with coal or animal waste. They were given little water, food, or fresh air. Sanitation was non-existent. Men driven insane were quickly and brutally quiet-ed. I became familiar with this story by assist-ing my constituent, Ms. Jan Thompson, who is the daughter of a survivor of the Oryoku Maru journey and is the President of American De-fenders of Bataan and Corregidor Memorial Society. Her father, Robert E. Thompson, was a Navy Pharmacist’s Mate who had been as-signed to a submarine tender in Manila Bay, the USS Canopus. He was surrendered on Corregidor. It has been my honor to help pre-serve the memory of the American POWs of Japan and of their experience aboard the Hell Ships to Japan. The 400–plus men who died during the stop at Takao Harbor, Formosa are currently buried in 20 graves marked simply as ‘‘Unknowns’’ at Hawaii’s National Cemetery of the Pacific. Soon there will be a memorial plaque on the Memorial Walk at this Cemetery to these men who died aboard the Enoura Maru in Formosa on January 9, 1945, which was one of the Hell Ships that took part in the Oryoku Maru journey. f 
TRIBUTE TO KEVIN L. SHAFER, P.E. 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kevin L. Shafer, P.E. for being named as one of the Top 25 Global Water Leaders. Kevin has served as the Executive Director at the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage Dis-trict (MMSD) since March 2002. As Executive Director, Kevin manages approximately 230 MMSD employees and oversees a contract for the operation and maintenance of the sewer-age system with a private contractor. As Executive Director, Kevin developed and implemented an Overflow Reduction Plan; completed a watershed based regional water quality management plan update; initiated a Green Infrastructure Program for the Mil-waukee region; helped to found a local non-profit organization, the Southeast Wisconsin Watersheds Trust, and focused on water qual-ity improvements. Prior to joining the District, Mr. Shafer spent 10 years in private industry and six years with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in Fort Worth, Texas. He is a past president of the National Association of Clean Water Agencies. Currently, Kevin is the Chair of the Water En-vironment Research Foundation and of the U.S. Water Alliance’s Urban Water Sustain-ability Leadership Council. Mr. Shafer received a bachelor’s degree in science and civil engi-neering with a specialty in water resources from the University of Illinois and a master’s in civil engineering from the University of Texas. In December 2017 he was named as one of the Top 25 Global Water Leaders by Water & Wastewater International Magazine. This des-ignation is known as a barometer of the indus-try’s thought leaders. The selection was made concentrating on active leaders who are driv-ing companies forward into the digital water age with a focus on innovation. Mr. Speaker, for these reasons I rise to pay tribute and congratulate Kevin Shafer on his award; I am proud that he resides and works in the Fourth Congressional District. HONORING CALIFORNIA HIGHWAY PATROL OFFICER JOHN QUINTERO ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to congratulate Officer John Quintero on his well- deserved retirement after 27 years with the California Highway Patrol (CHP). Our entire community is grateful for his dedication to keep our roads and highways safe. Today, I would like to recognize his outstanding career and years of service. Day in and day out, we use our vehicles to go to various places such as work, school, or visit our loved ones, and we are able to mobi-lize safely because of the tireless efforts of in-dividuals like Officer Quintero. He is an esteemed member of our commu-nity and a resident of the City of Indio. He is a devoted husband and father of six children. He served as an inspiration for his daughter Jacquelene to follow in his footsteps and be-come a CHP Officer. His colleagues look up to him as an intelligent, hardworking man. Officer Quintero began his career in traffic law enforcement in South Los Angeles, where he served for six years. During his early years, he demonstrated a passion to protect our citi-zens and keep our streets safe, which earned him the Governor’s Employee Safety Award for his efforts in vehicle theft. Officer Quintero carries that passion in every task he under-takes, making him an exemplary leader. Throughout his career, he has held numer-ous positions including Field Training Officer, Emergency Medical Technician, Shift Super-visor, Drug Recognition Expert, Child Safety Seat Technician, El Protector Hispanic Out-reach Office, and Critical Incident Peer Sup-porter. Officer Quintero was also a member of a Special Response Team, where he served as protection for last year’s Republican Na-tional Convention in Cleveland. His commitment to keeping our citizens on the road safe is exemplified by his fast re-sponse in saving the lives of two residents who had been shot while driving in the free-way. With the strength they had left, they managed to park their vehicle in front of the Indio CHP Office. Officer Quintero and his daughter rapidly administered medical aid to the male driver and the female passenger, keeping them conscious until the paramedics took them to the hospital. In the process, they collected crucial information about the sus-pected shooter. After an investigation was conducted, the suspect was arrested. Officer Quintera’s outstanding performance and cou-rageous actions are truly commendable. Officer Quintero has dedicated his life work-ing to ensure our community is safe. Every day, he was willing to sacrifice his life in serv-ice of others. His valuable contributions and arduous work will be felt for years to come. On behalf of the entire 36th Congressional District, I am honored to recognize Officer John Quintero’s achievements and years of service. His arduous work and contributions to our community will be felt for years to come. I commend his public service and extend my best wishes on his retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JA8.029 E30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE121 January 30, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, due to a per-sonal conflict, I was unable to make votes. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 43, and YEA on Roll Call No. 44. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR SLADE GORTON ON HIS 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 30, 2018 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate my dear friend and mentor, Sen-ator Slade Gorton, on recently turning 90 years of age. On January 8th, Senator Gorton celebrated this special day, and I join him in this celebration of a rich life full of achieve-ments and service. Born on January 8, 1928, Senator Gorton has dedicated his life to serving my home state of Washington and our country. He start-ed his lifetime of service to this country in the United States military, serving in the Army, as a Lieutenant in the Air Force, and as a Colo-nel in the Air Force Reserve. Senator Gorton began his career in politics in 1959 when he was first elected to the Washington State House of Representatives. He served in the State House for ten years and was chosen by his peers as majority lead-er from 1967 to 1969. He left that role to serve Washingtonians in a different capacity as State Attorney General for twelve years until 1981. Never willing to give up a fight for what he believed to be right, Senator Gorton argued 14 cases before the United States Supreme Court. During his term as Attorney General, on October 17, 1975, I had the great honor of receiving the Law En-forcement Award of Commendation from Attor-ney General Gorton as a young Sheriff’s Dep-uty. But he wasn’t through fighting for the inter-ests of Washingtonians. He was elected to the United States Senate in 1981, dedicating eighteen years to representing Washington on some of the most impactful committees in the chamber including Appropriations; Budget; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; and Energy and Natural Resources. Well re-spected by his colleagues, Senator Gorton served in Republican leadership as counsel to the majority leader. Following his service in elected office, Sen-ator Gorton has continued to serve the people of Washington and the United States. In 2002, he was asked to be on the National Commis-sion on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States (9/11 Commission) established by Con-gress and President George W. Bush. This commission published a report on the cir-cumstances of the September 11th terrorist at-tacks on our country and included rec-ommendations for how to guard against future attacks. After an exceptional career in public service, Senator Gorton continues to mentor and edu-cate the rising leaders of the next generation through the Slade Gorton International Policy Center. I am privileged to consider Senator Gorton a close friend and am honored to celebrate his accomplishments and distinguished career. As I started my own career in politics, Senator Gorton took the time to share with me his ex-periences and expertise. I am better for his support and encouragement. He was a won-derful example and influence to me, as I took office, on how to best serve the people from our home state of Washington. I am forever grateful. I join with his family, friends, and Washing-ton’s Eighth District in congratulating him on this special occasion and wishing him a won-derful 90th. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30JA8.033 E30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D100 Tuesday, January 30, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
House and Senate met in Joint Session to receive a State of the Union Address from the President of the United States. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S557–S592 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and five resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2354–2365, and S. Res. 386–390.
                                                         Page S581 
Measures Reported: S. 1847, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to ensure that the needs of children are consid-ered in homeland security, trafficking, and disaster recovery planning, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–201)
          Page S580 
Measures Passed: Department of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign Authorization Act: Senate passed H.R. 4708, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to re-quire the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Security-wide guidance and develop training programs as part of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Blue Campaign. 
                                                                                              Page S591 
USS Omaha: Senate agreed to S. Res. 389, com-memorating the commissioning of the USS Omaha. 
                                                                                              Page S591 
National Stalking Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 390, raising awareness and encour-aging the prevention of stalking by designating Jan-uary 2018 as ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’. 
                                                                                              Page S591 
House Messages: Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act: Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 534, to prevent the sexual abuse of mi-nors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement au-thorities.
                                                                   Pages S589–91 Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting the report on the State of the Union delivered to a Joint Session of Congress on January 30, 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table. (PM–25)
                                                                   Pages S576–80 
Iancu Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Monday, February 5, 2018, Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Andrei Iancu, of California, to be Under Secretary of Com-merce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office; that there be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate; and that no further motions be in order.
        Page S587 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 56 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. EX. 27), David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. 
                                                                    Pages S558–67, S567–68 
Matthew Bassett, of Tennessee, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. 3 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 7 Army nominations in the rank of general. 3 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, Marine Corps, and Navy. 
                                                                    Pages S587–89, S591–92 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S580 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S580 
Executive Reports of Committees:         Pages S580–81 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S581–82 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JA8.REC D30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D101 January 30, 2018 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S582–87 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S575–76 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S587 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—27)
                                                                     Page S568 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 10:38 p.m., until 11 a.m. on Friday, Feb-ruary 2, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S591.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
INDO-PACIFIC REGION Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the situation on the Korean Pe-ninsula and United States strategy in the Indo-Pa-cific region, after receiving testimony from Admiral Dennis C. Blair, USN (Ret.), Sasakawa Peace Foun-dation, Michael J. Green, Center for Strategic and International Studies, and Kelly E. Magsamen, Cen-ter for American Progress. FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Fi-nancial Stability Oversight Council Annual Report to Congress, including S. 2098, to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, S. 2147, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to create a Pension Rehabilitation Trust Fund to establish a Pension Rehabilitation Administration within the Department of the Treasury to make loans to multiemployer defined benefit plans, and S. 1591, to impose sanctions with respect to the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea, after receiving tes-timony from Steven T. Mnuchin, Secretary of the Treasury. DOMESTIC SEAFOOD AMD AQUACULTURE Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine opportu-nities to support domestic seafood through aqua-culture, after receiving testimony from Mark Luecke, Prairie AquaTech, Sioux Falls, South Dakota; Kelly Lucas, University of Southern Mississippi Thad Cochran Marine Aquaculture Center, Ocean Springs; Barton Seaver, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, South Freeport, Maine; and Donald B. Kent, Hubbs-Sea World Research Institute, San Diego, California. AMERICAN INNOVATION AND COMPETITIVENESS ACT Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act one year later, after receiving testimony from France Cor-dova, Director, National Science Foundation; and Walter Copan, Under Secretary of Commerce for Standards and Technology, and Director, National Institute of Standards and Technology. NATURAL HAZARD EVENTS Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the role of the Geological Survey and the Forest Service in preparing for and responding to natural hazard events, as well as the current status of mapping and monitoring systems, after receiving testimony from David Applegate, Associate Director for Natural Hazards, Geological Survey; Glenn Casamassa, Asso-ciate Deputy Chief, National Forest System, Forest Service, Department of Agriculture; David K. Nor-man, Washington Department of Natural Resources Geological Survey State Geologist, Olympia; Karen Berry, Colorado State Geologist and Colorado School of Mines Geological Survey Director, Golden, on be-half of the Association of American State Geologists; Michael West, Alaska Earthquake Center State Seis-mologist and University of Alaska Geophysical Insti-tute, Fairbanks; and Mayor Pat Branson, Kodiak, Alaska. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Me-lissa F. Burnison, of Kentucky, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Congressional and Intergovern-mental Affairs), Susan Combs, of Texas, to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Interior, Ryan Douglas Nel-son, of Idaho, to be Solicitor of the Department of the Interior, and Anne Marie White, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Management). Also, Committee announced the following sub-committee assignments: Subcommittee on Energy: Senators Gardner (Chair), Risch, Flake, Daines, Alexander, Hoeven, Cassidy, Portman, Capito, Manchin, Wyden, Sanders, Hein-rich, King, Duckworth, and Smith. Subcommittee on National Parks: Senators Daines (Chair), Barrasso, Lee, Gardner, Alexander, Hoeven, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JA8.REC D30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD102 January 30, 2018 
Portman, King, Sanders, Stabenow, Heinrich, Hirono, and Duckworth. Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining: Senators Lee (Chair), Barrasso, Risch, Flake, Daines, Gardner, Alexander, Hoeven, Cassidy, Capito, Wyden, Stabenow, Manchin, Heinrich, Hirono, Cor-tez Masto, and Smith. Subcommittee on Water and Power: Senators Flake (Chair), Barrasso, Risch, Lee, Cassidy, Portman, Cap-ito, Cortez Masto, Wyden, Sanders, Manchin, Duckworth, and Smith. Senators Murkowski and Cantwell are ex officio mem-bers of each subcommittee. EPA OVERSIGHT Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded an oversight hearing to examine testimony from the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency, after receiving testimony from Scott Pruitt, Administrator, Environmental Protection Agency. ECONOMIC RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE U.S., CANADA, AND MEXICO Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the economic relationship be-tween the United States, Canada, and Mexico, after receiving testimony from Brian Mulroney, former Prime Minister of Canada, Montreal, Quebec; Earl Anthony Wayne, Woodrow Wilson Center, Wash-ington, D.C.; and Jaime Serra, former Secretary of Commerce and Industry of Mexico, Mexico City. HIGHER EDUCATION ACT Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine reauthor-izing the Higher Education Act, focusing on ac-countability and risk to taxpayers, after receiving tes-timony from Anthony P. Carnevale, Georgetown University McCourt School of Public Policy Center on Education and Workforce, Ben Miller, Center for American Progress, Jason D. Delisle, American En-terprise Institute, and Mamie Voight, Institute for Higher Education Policy, all of Washington, D.C.; and Jose Luis Cruz, City University of New York Lehman College, New York, New York. SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security concluded a hearing to examine small busi-ness health plans, after receiving testimony from Brad E. Johnson, Covenant Insurance Group, Inc., Casper, Wyoming; Mike Sturm, Milliman, Inc., Mil-waukee, Wisconsin; Christopher E. Condeluci, CC Law and Policy PLLC, Washington, D.C.; Jen Kimmich, The Alchemist, Stowe, Vermont; and Tess Kuenning, Bi-State Primary Care Association, Mont-pelier, Vermont. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4896–4911; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 719–720 were introduced.
                   Pages H731–32 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H733 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3299, to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to re-quire the rate of interest on certain loans remain un-changed after transfer of the loan, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–538); and H.R. 620, to amend the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through education, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the commencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–539).                 Page H731 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Simpson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H683 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:40 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                Page H687 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 719, electing a Member to a certain standing com-mittee of the House of Representatives.
          Page H690 
Child Protection Improvements Act: The House agreed to the motion to concur in the Senate amend-ments to H.R. 695, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national crimi-nal history background check system and criminal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JA8.REC D30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D103 January 30, 2018 
history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 115–56, by a yea-and-nay vote of 250 yeas to 166 nays, Roll No. 49.
                Pages H698–H725 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history back-ground check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other pur-poses.’’.
                                                                              Page H725 
H. Res. 714, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 695) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 48, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 232 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 47.
                                              Pages H690–98 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Monday, January 29th. Financial Institution Living Will Improvement Act: H.R. 4292, amended, to reform the living will process under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 414 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 50.
                                                                                       Page H725 
Investigative Subcommittees of the Committee on Ethics—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members of the House to be available to serve on investigative subcommittees of the Committee on Ethics for the 115th Congress in light of the elections of Rep-resentatives Mimi Walters (CA) and Ratcliffe to the Committee on Ethics: Representatives Herrera Beutler and Thomas J. Rooney (FL).
                 Page H725 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 4:30 p.m. on Friday, February 2nd and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourns to meet at 12 noon on Monday, February 5th for Morn-ing Hour debate.
                                                         Page H725 
Recess: The House recessed at 3:24 p.m. and recon-vened at 8:33 p.m.
                                                     Page H726 
State of the Union Address: President Donald Trump delivered his State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress, pursuant to the provi-sions of H. Con. Res. 101. Hed was escorted into the House Chamber by a committee comprised of Representatives McCarthy, Scalise, McMorris Rod-gers, Stivers, Messer, Collins (GA), Smith (MO), Pelosi, Hoyer, Clyburn, Crowley, Sanchez, Bustos, and Yarmuth, and Senators McConnell, Cornyn, Hatch, Thune, Barrasso, Blunt, Gardner, Schumer, Murray, Stabenow, Klobuchar, Manchin, and Bald-win. The President’s message was referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–86).                                                                                       Pages H726–31 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H731. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H697–698, H698, H724 and H725. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 10:39 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
READYING THE U.S. MILITARY FOR FUTURE WARFARE Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Readying the U.S. Military for Fu-ture Warfare’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. CBO OVERSIGHT: ORGANIZATIONAL AND OPERATIONAL STRUCTURE Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘CBO Oversight: Organizational and Operational Structure’’. Testimony was heard from Keith Hall, Director, Congressional Budget Office. PROTECTING PRIVACY, PROMOTING POLICY: EVIDENCE-BASED POLICYMAKING AND THE FUTURE OF EDUCATION Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Privacy, Promoting Policy: Evidence-Based Policymaking and the Future of Education’’. Testimony was heard from Carey M. Wright, State Superintendent of Education for Mississippi; and public witnesses. EXAMINING IMPLEMENTATION OF THE COMPOUNDING QUALITY ACT Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Imple-mentation of the Compounding Quality Act’’. Testi-mony was heard from Scott Gottlieb, M.D., Com-missioner, Food and Drug Administration; and pub-lic witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JA8.REC D30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD104 January 30, 2018 
CLOSING THE DIGITAL DIVIDE: BROADBAND INFRASTRUCTURE SOLUTIONS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Closing the Digital Divide: Broadband Infra-structure Solutions’’. Testimony was heard from Elin Swanson Katz, Connecticut Consumer Counsel, Con-necticut Office of Consumer Counsel; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a markup on H.R. 3477, the ‘‘Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Harmonization Act’’. H.R. 3477 was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. EXAMINING OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES IN THE FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY (‘‘FINTECH’’) MARKETPLACE Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Opportunities and Challenges in the Financial Technology (‘‘Fintech’’) Marketplace’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. FOLLOWING THE MONEY: HOW HUMAN TRAFFICKERS EXPLOIT U.S. FINANCIAL MARKETS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Following the Money: How Human Traffickers Ex-ploit U.S. Financial Markets’’. Testimony was heard from Cyrus R. Vance, Jr., District Attorney, New York County District Attorney’s Office; and public witnesses. SECURING OUR SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS: EXAMINING THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY’S ROLE IN SURFACE TRANSPORTATION TECHNOLOGIES Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security; and Sub-committee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Securing Our Surface Transportation Systems: Ex-amining the Department of Homeland Security’s Role in Surface Transportation Technologies’’. Testi-mony was heard from the following Department of Homeland Security officials: Sonya Proctor, Director, Surface Division, Office of Security Policy and Indus-try Engagement, Transportation Security Adminis-tration; Robert Pryor, Director, Intermodal Division, Office of Requirements and Capabilities Analysis, Transportation Security Administration; Donald E. Roberts, Program Manager, Explosive Threat Detec-tion, Explosives Division, Homeland Security Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency, Science and Tech-nology Directorate; and a public witness. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3808, the ‘‘Infrastructure Expan-sion Act of 2017’’. H.R. 3808 was ordered reported, as amended. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 4532, the ‘‘Shash Ja´a National Monument and Indian Creek National Monument Act’’. Testimony was heard from Jason Chaffetz, former Member of Congress; Rebecca Benally, Vice Chair, San Juan County Commis-sioners, Utah; Sean D. Reyes, Attorney General, Utah; John Tahsuda III, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; Casey Hammond, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Land and Minerals Management, Department of the Inte-rior; and public witnesses. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY: MANAGEMENT AND PRIORITIES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of En-ergy: Management and Priorities’’. Testimony was heard from Paul Dabbar, Under Secretary for Science, Department of Energy; and Mark Menezes, Under Secretary of Energy, Department of Energy. SMALL BUSINESS INFORMATION SHARING: COMBATING FOREIGN CYBER THREATS Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Small Business Information Shar-ing: Combating Foreign Cyber Threats’’. Testimony was heard from Howard Marshall, Deputy Assistant Director, Cyber Division, Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation; and Richard Driggers, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Cybersecurity and Communica-tions, National Protection and Programs Directorate, Department of Homeland Security. EXAMINATION OF REPORTS ON THE EL FARO MARINE CASUALTY AND COAST GUARD’S ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examination of Re-ports on the El Faro Marine Casualty and Coast Guard’s Electronic Health Records’’. Testimony was heard from Earl Weener, Board Member, National Transportation Safety Board; David Powner, Director 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JA8.REC D30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D105 January 30, 2018 
of Information Technology Management Issues, Gov-ernment Accountability Office; and the following U.S. Coast Guard officials: Rear Admiral John Nadeau, Assistant Commandant for Prevention Pol-icy; Rear Admiral Erica Schwartz, Director of Health, Safety and Work-life; and Rear Admiral Mi-chael Haycock, Assistant Commandant for Acquisi-tion and Chief Acquisition Officer. APPEALS REFORM: WILL VA’S IMPLEMENTATION EFFECTIVELY SERVE VETERANS? Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Appeals Reform: Will VA’s Imple-mentation Effectively Serve Veterans?’’. Testimony was heard from Thomas G. Bowman, Deputy Sec-retary, Department of Veterans Affairs; Gene L. Dodaro, Comptroller General, Government Account-ability Office; and public witnesses. MEMBER DAY HEARING ON LEGISLATION TO IMPROVE TAX ADMINISTRATION Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Oversight held a hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day Hearing on Legislation to Improve Tax Administra-tion’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Smith of Missouri, Roskam, Renacci, Rice of South Carolina, Chabot, Gohmert, and Posey. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D87) 
H.R. 984, to extend Federal recognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy In-dian Tribe—Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe. Signed on January 29, 2018. (Public Law 115–121) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\JANUARY\D30JA8.REC D30JA8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD106 January 30, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Friday, February 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 4:30 p.m., Friday, February 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 4:30 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bergman, Jack, Mich., E114 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E115, E119 Bost, Mike, Ill., E120 Bucshon, Larry, Ind., E114 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E113 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E115 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E116 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E116 Estes, Ron, Kans., E114 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E114 Gallego, Ruben, Ariz., E113, E115 Granger, Kay, Tex., E116, E121 Graves, Tom, Ga., E116 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E114 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E118 Holding, George, N.C., E114 Jenkins, Lynn, Kans., E116 Joyce, David P., Ohio, E113 King, Steve, Iowa, E119 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E117 Loudermilk, Barry, Ga., E116 McGovern, James P., Mass., E117 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E120 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E119 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E114 Reichert, David G., Wash., E115, E121 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E113 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E120 Sanford, Mark, S.C., E120 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E117 Scott, David, Ga., E113 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E116 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E115 Turner, Michael R., Ohio, E115 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E117 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jan 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D30JA8.REC D30JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST