Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9765 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 2018 No. 193 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER Dr. Bruce Hargrave, Bruce Hargrave Ministries and Charities, Rowlett, Texas, offered the following prayer: Almighty God, thank You for Your many blessings upon our country and this House. Even in the midst of great chal-lenges, bitterness, joys, grief, and vic-tories, You are ever present and ever mindful of all that we do. Forgive us where we get in the way of ourselves. Give us Your wisdom and grace. Bless the workings of this House for the goodwill, peace, and justice of the American people. We pray this in the name of Jesus. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
FURTHER CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Appropriations be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 143) making fur-ther continuing appropriations for fis-cal year 2019, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: H.J. R ES. 143 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That division C of Public Law 115–245 is amended— (1) by striking the date specified in section 105(3) and inserting ‘‘December 21, 2018’’; and (2) by adding at the end (before the short title) the following: ‘‘S
EC. 136. Sections 1309(a) and 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a) and 4026) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 105(3) of this Act for ‘December 7, 2018’.’’. 
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 2018, TO MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at noon on Monday, December 10, 2018, for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO SYRIA STUDY GROUP The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ). The Chair appoints, pursuant to section 1501(c) of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, Public Law 115–254, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the following indi-vidual on the part of the House to the Syria Study Group: Dr. Kimberly E. Kagan, Washington, D.C. 
f 
FAREWELL SPEECH (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, it has been the honor of my life to have served 10 years in this body, and I want to take this occasion to thank the amazing and talented staff that has worked both in our congressional office here in Wash-ington as well as in Ft. Collins and Boulder and in Adams and Summit Counties. I want to thank all of the interns who have lent their services over the last decade, on behalf of the people of the Second Congressional District, hopefully providing them with a great experience that furthers their interest in public affairs. And, of course, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. The men and women I have come to know and have worked with in the last decade have been some of the most im-portant relationships of my life. I truly believe that there is no problem so large that the deliberative and thoughtful minds in this body can’t rise to the occasion and solve all the pressing issues. It has been sad to see that, all too often, things stand in the way of that progress, whether it is partisanship, yes, but not only partisanship, the role of the special interests, and the in-creasingly divided electorate that we have nationally. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.000 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9766 December 6, 2018 
But I know that the men and women of this body and in the next Congress, the 116th Congress, will hopefully come together to solve a lot of the pressing issues that affect our country and the world. Whether it is making sure that kids grow up with a good education, that families have access to affordable healthcare, or protecting our environ-ment for ourselves and future genera-tions, I know that the men and women in this body will be able to rise to that occasion. It truly has been an amazing honor to have worked with so many terrific people from all over this country, au-thentically representing their constitu-ents and their districts. I look forward to taking this decade of service to our Nation with me throughout the rest of my life, wher-ever I go, to help inform the decisions I make to do the very best job that I can, every day. Thank you, Mr. Speaker, for the honor of serving in the United States Congress for a decade. I look forward to continuing to work with future United States Congresses. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 6, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 6, 2018, at 10:57 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 1934. That the Senate passed S. 2736. That the Senate passed S. 3530. That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 57. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 754. That the Senate agreed to Honoring the life of President George Herbert Walker Bush S. Res. 715. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 2377. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. S. 3414. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Is-land, as the ‘‘Captain Matthew J. August Post Office’’. S. 3442. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Missouri, as the ‘‘Arla W. Harrell Post Office’’. ADJOURNMENT Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Decem-ber 10, 2018, at noon, for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7084. A letter from the Under Secretary, Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a report of violations of the Antideficiency Act, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1351; Public Law 97-258; (96 Stat. 926); to the Committee on Appropriations. 7085. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Tick- Borne Disease Working Group 2018 Report to Congress, pursuant to the 21st Century Cures Act of 2016, Sec. 2062(c); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7086. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to California State Implementation Plan; South Coast Air Quality Management District; Stationary Source Permits [EPA-R09-OAR-2018-0413; FRL-9985-75-Region 9] received November 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7087. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s interim final rule — Safe Management of Recalled Airbags [EPA-HQ-OLEM-2018- 0646; FRL9986-91-OLEM] received November 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7088. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Air Quality Im-plementation Plans; Puerto Rico; Infrastruc-ture Requirements for the 1997 and 2008 Ozone, 1997 and 2006 Fine Particulate Matter and 2008 Lead NAAQS; Transport Provisions [EPA-R02-OAR-2016-0060; FRL-9987-03-Region 2] received November 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7089. A letter from the Director, Regula-tion Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality: Revision to the Regulatory Definition of Volatile Organic Compounds-Exclusion of cis-1,1,1,4,4,4- hexafluorobut-2-ene (HFO-1336mzz-Z) [EPA- HQ-OAR-2017-0175; FRL-9987-02-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AT52) received November 27, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7090. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Infrastructure State Implemen-tation Plan Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA-R01-OAR-2017-0344; FRL-9986- 82-Region 1] received November 27, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7091. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Con-necticut; Volatile Organic Compound Emis-sions from Consumer Products and Architec-tural and Industrial Maintenance Coatings; Correction [EPA-R01-OAR-2018-0099; FRL- 9986-97-Region 1] received November 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7092. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Cali-fornia; South Coast Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09-OAR-2016-0711; FRL-9986- 61-Region 9] received November 27, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7093. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting a Periodic Report on the National Emergency Caused by the Lapse of the Export Administration Act of 1979 for February 26, 2018, to August 25, 2018, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7094. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 19-07, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 7095. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 02-19, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 62(a) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7096. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifica-tion of discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7097. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifica-tion of designation of acting officer, and nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 7098. A letter from the Chairman, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2018 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Pub-lic Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 7099. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Treatment of Amounts Paid to Sec-tion 170(c) Organizations under Employer Leave-Based Donation Programs to Aid Vic-tims of Hurricane Michael [Notice 2018-89] received November 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7100. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Rev. Proc. on section 471 costs/nega-tive additional section 263 A costs (Rev. Proc. 2018-56) received November 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.002 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9767 December 6, 2018 
7101. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rules — Moral Exemptions and Accommoda-tions for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Affordable Care Act [TD- 9841] (RIN: 1545-BN91) received November 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7102. A letter from the Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting a letter presenting views of the De-partment on S. 3003, the ‘‘Inspector General Access Act of 2018’’ and H.R. 3154, the ’’Inspec-tor General Access Act of 2017’’; jointly to the Committees on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform and the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2987. A bill to amend the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 to estab-lish the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in na-tional service positions to conserve, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 115–1066, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5859. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to require that a portion of revenues from new Federal min-eral and geothermal leases be paid to States for use to supplement the education of stu-dents in kindergarten through grade 12 and public support of institutions of higher edu-cation, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 115–1067, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Agriculture and Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration H.R. 2987. 
f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2987. Referral to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Edu-cation and the Workforce extended for a pe-riod ending not later than December 28, 2018. H.R. 5859. Referral to the Committee on Education and the Workforce extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. [Omitted from the Record on December 3, 2018] H.R. 5874. Referral to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, and Ways and Means for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BARTON (for himself, Ms. C AS-
TOR of Florida, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mrs. D
INGELL , and Mr. U PTON ): H.R. 7217. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing coordinated care for children with complex medical conditions through a health home, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas (for him-self and Mr. HURD): H.R. 7218. A bill to expand the grants au-thorized under Jennifer’s Law and Kristen’s Act to include processing of unidentified re-mains, resolving missing persons cases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 7219. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the sale of firearms to individuals suspected of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. M
CEACHIN (for himself and Mr. S
CHNEIDER ): H.R. 7220. A bill to require the Secretary of State to publish a quarterly assessment re-garding the Paris Agreement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 7221. A bill to require prime contrac-tors under Federal construction contracts to notify the Government of changes in certain subcontractors performing work under the contract; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mrs. B
LACK , and Mr. G RIFFITH ): H.R. 7222. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish the Megan Rondini national sexual assault care and treatment task force; and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 7223. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to prevent the misclassification of drugs for purposes of the Medicaid drug rebate program; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SOTO (for himself, Mrs. W
AT-
SONCOLEMAN , and Mr. B UDD): H.R. 7224. A bill to promote fair and trans-parent virtual currency markets by exam-ining the potential for price manipulation; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SOTO (for himself and Mr. B
UDD): H.R. 7225. A bill to promote United States competitiveness in the evolving global vir-tual currency marketplace; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 7226. A bill to promote remediation of orphan hardrock mines, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. LAM-
BORN , Mr. B UCK, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. H AR-
PER, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. B ACON , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. M
AST, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. G IBBS, Mrs. L
ESKO , Mr. K USTOFF of Ten-nessee, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. B UDD, Mr. E
MMER , Mr. B RAT, Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. C
LOUD , and Mr. S CALISE ): H. Con. Res. 144. Concurrent resolution commemorating the anniversary of United States recognition of Jerusalem as the cap-ital of the State of Israel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. KEATING (for himself, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C
HABOT , and Mr. C ONNOLLY ): H. Res. 1169. A resolution reaffirming the commitment of the United States to pro-mote free, fair, transparent and credible elections in Bangladesh; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE, and Mr. C HABOT ): H. Res. 1170. A resolution urging the Gov-ernment of Nigeria and Nigeria’s political parties to ensure electoral accountability and work toward holding credible, peaceful, and transparent elections in February 2019; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mr. R
USH, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. F
OSTER ): H. Res. 1171. A resolution expressing the condolences of the House of Representatives and honoring the memory of the victims of the shooting at Mercy Hospital and Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois, on November 19, 2018; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BARTON: H.R. 7217. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06DE7.000 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9768 December 6, 2018 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas: H.R. 7218. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 provides Con-gress with the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises’’ in order to ‘‘provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 7219. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution, which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. M
CEACHIN: H.R. 7220. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 7221. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 7222. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article I Sec-tion 8 By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 7223. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 7224. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 7225. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 7226. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Con-gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 676: Ms. J ONES of Michigan. H.R. 771: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 846: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 866: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 919: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1205: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 1380: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 1617: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3549: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 3592: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3757: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4107: Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 4256: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 4691: Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. M
ATSUI , and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 4734: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4912: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 5060: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 5609: Ms. J
ONES of Michigan. H.R. 5911: Ms. M
ENGand Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 5945: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 6016: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 6392: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 6502: Mr. KILMER and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 6524: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 6545: Mr. L
IPINSKI and Mr. M ORELLE . H.R. 6609: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 6791: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 6850: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 6927: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 6953: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 6959: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 6982: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 6987: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 7030: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . H.R. 7052: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 7055: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 7115: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 7137: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 7146: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 7173: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 7195: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 7204: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 7207: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H. Res. 1031: Mr. F
OSTER , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. C ON-
NOLLY . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
126. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to requesting that Congress enact legislation which would clarify exist-ing Federal law so that a Foreigner who seeks Asylum in the United States may not be granted such Asylum if that Alien entered the United States at a location other than a designated port of entry or has been con-victed of violating any law of the United States or that of any particular state; which was referred to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.007 H06DEPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7323 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 2018 No. 193 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable D
EAN H
ELLER , a Senator from the State of Nevada. 
f 
PRAYER The PRESIDING OFFICER. Today’s opening prayer will be offered by Dr. Tommy Middleton, director of the Bap-tist Association of Greater Baton Rouge, from Baton Rouge, LA. The guest Chaplain offered the fol-lowing prayer: Good morning. Let’s pray. Father, we are grateful for this life and health and strength that You have given us so that we may serve You and serve others, so thankful for Your hand of blessing and favor that is rested upon this Nation. And, O God, may that continue. So, Lord, we pray for these Senators, that, Lord, You would give them wis-dom in the decisions they make and the crafting of legislation; Lord, that You would give them compassion as they deal with others—fellow Senators, legislators, elected officials, constitu-ents; and that You would give them courage to make decisions based upon truth. Although there might be opposi-tion, Lord, may they stay people of truth. Father, I do pray that You give them discernment so that in the delib-erations they make, they will judge a righteous judgment. Finally, O Lord, that we would walk in humility, realizing that the deci-sions we make, the course of our walk, our actions in our lives will be judged by those who have elected us here, but more than that, we will be judged by You, Almighty God. Lord, we pray, we desire, we seek Your help, and, as Your Word says, our help is in the Name of the Lord, the maker of Heaven and Earth, and in that Name, the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, December 6, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable D
EANHELLER , a Sen- ator from the State of Nevada, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. HELLER thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Louisiana. 
f 
WELCOMING DR. TOMMY MIDDLETON Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise today to speak to my friend, Dr. Tommy Middleton, the executive direc-tor of the Baptist Association of Great-er Baton Rouge, who just opened us in prayer. Dr. Middleton oversees 100 churches and missions, which include services in 6 languages—Chinese, Burmese, Viet-namese, Filipino, Korean, and Spanish. I should say seven—also English. The ministries include the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary Exten-sion in Baton Rouge; student work at the Baptist Collegiate Ministries of Louisiana State University and South-ern University; camp ministries at the Judson Baptist Retreat Center; prison ministries in four State prisons and six local parish jails; governmental inter-face on the local, State, and Federal levels; ministry to the seamen through the Seafarers Ministries; church plant-ing regionally; and international mis-sions in 16 different countries in which he has been personally involved. I will add one more: bringing relief to vic-tims of natural disasters across our country. Overall, Dr. Middleton has spread the good news of the Gospel for nearly 50 years. It was my honor to invite Dr. Middleton to open the U.S. Senate in prayer this morning. We have all been blessed. I yield back. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
THANKING STAFF Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a number of important topics to discuss this morning, but first and foremost, I want to personally thank everyone in this building who gave so much of their own time and energy to facilitate the rituals that filled this Capitol for the last several days. From the moment that news of Presi-dent Bush’s passing was made public, intricate plans were set in motion in both the House and Senate to arrange a public tribute worthy of a national treasure and a rare patriot like George Bush. Needless to say, the entire con-gressional family should be proud of the result. As our 41st President lay in state ear-lier this week, the Bush family, world leaders, and tens of thousands of Amer-icans were welcomed to the Capitol to pay their respects. I know my col-leagues will join me in thanking the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.000 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7324 December 6, 2018 
great many people who helped make such a beautiful remembrance possible: to the staff of the Architect of the Cap-itol, all the offices under the Sergeant at Arms, the Secretary of the Senate and her team, and the Press Gallery; to the volunteers from my own staff and from other congressional offices who freely gave their time; to the staff of the Capitol Visitor Center who ensured that tens of thousands of people could share this experience; to the men and women of the Capitol Police who watch over us all; to the U.S. military, the envy of the world. Special thanks to Stef Muchow, my director of oper-ations, who played such a tireless role in conducting this orchestra, going back through the entire weekend lead-ing up to Monday, and to so many oth-ers who worked through the weekend and around the clock to help the legis-lative branch coordinate a dignified sendoff befitting this remarkable man whom we honor. I thank you, and the Nation thanks you. 
f 
NOMINATIONS OF BERNARD L. M
CNAMEE AND KATHLEEN LAURA KRANINGER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on an entirely different matter, the Sen-ate voted yesterday to advance the nomination of Bernard McNamee to serve on the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission. Today, we will vote on his confirmation. I encourage every one of my colleagues to join me in supporting this abundantly well- qualified nominee. After Mr. McNamee, we will continue moving ahead with the personnel busi-ness. We will vote on the confirmation of Kathleen Kraninger to lead the Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion. Ms. Kraninger brings a wealth of experience to an Agency in need of a renewed, consumer-focused mission. I urge each of my colleagues to join me in voting to get her started in this im-portant work. 
f 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, for 8 years, President Obama landed blow after blow in his War on Coal. As we all know, it wasn’t just the coal companies that endured the pain; hard-working families—many who live in economically distressed communities that relied on mining jobs—became the casualties of this ide-ological agenda. In my State of Ken-tucky, for example, those policies in-flicted serious damage that is still being felt years later. That is why I was so grateful to hear that later today, the Trump adminis-tration will begin the process to undo and replace another Obama anti-coal regulation. Throughout the Obama ad-ministration, my Republican col-leagues and I did everything we could to stop this assault on vulnerable com-munities. Where this particular rule is concerned, I personally led the charge, including as the lead sponsor of a reso-lution to cancel it altogether. Republicans knew these policies would stymie American competitive-ness and do little to actually help the environment. Despite our best efforts, President Obama’s EPA worked over-time to shutter existing coal plants and, with this rule in particular, stop new ones from being built. It was the fulfillment of one of his most troubling campaign promises, which many of us in coal country remember very well. Here is what he said: If somebody wants to build a coal-fired power plant, they can. It’s just that it will bankrupt them. 
When we blocked the legislation he originally pitched, President Obama chose to go it alone and try to imple-ment aggressive regulations, often bending the rule of law in the process. When we used the tools available to us to bring relief to American families, we were met each time with vetoes. But everything changed when the American people elected President Trump. We have worked hand in hand to end the War on Coal and to bring relief. Earlier this year, the President un-veiled his plan to dismantle the so- called Clean Power Plan, a policy de-signed to shut down nearly every ac-tive coal plant. Now President Trump’s EPA is also targeting another regula-tion that would have made it nearly impossible to build any new plants in the future. This is a crucial step to-ward undoing the damage and putting coal back on a level playing field. On behalf of coal families throughout Kentucky, I applaud the Trump admin-istration. This runaway regulation needs to be rolled back and replaced with a more reasonable and achievable set of standards. Coal deserves a level playing field, and that is what this White House is trying to accomplish. I look forward to reviewing the proposal in the coming days and continuing to work with President Trump on this critical issue. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BOB CORKER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this is that time at the end of a Congress when inevitably some of our Members go on to something else and leave this body. I want to take this opportunity this morning to pay tribute to another distinguished Member of the Senate who is leaving us at the end of this year. Senator B
OBCORKER is one of the most hard-working and, frankly, re-lentless Members of this body. He is a builder by trade and a fixer by nature. Senator C
ORKER is always a man on a mission. Our distinguished colleague hails from a State with a long history of impressive Senators. Tennesseans such as Howard Baker, Al Gore, Bill Frist, and, of course, our colleague L
AMAR ALEXANDER all developed na-tional reputations as leaders. But after 12 years of working with Bob, I could not feel more comfortable saying that he himself will now become a part of that great Tennessee legacy. He has met that high bar, and he set it high himself. No sooner could any Senator turn his or her attention to some important but stalled initiative—some dead-end nego-tiation, some thorny national prob-lem—then you would see BOBCORKER  diving into the fray and attacking the problem with everything he had. The limitless work ethic, the entre-preneurial drive—these things have de-fined B
OBCORKER since long before he was sworn in as a Senator. He started working odd jobs at age 13. At 25, he had saved up enough money to cofound his own construction company—25 years old—and strike out for himself. That firm grew from an $8,000 lark into a major operation that spanned more than a dozen States. Bob was a natural. He was constantly sniffing out opportunities and tackling them with vigor. Along the way, he picked up what some close to him now joke is an addiction to the feeling of a closing handshake—that sign that needs were met, a deal was done, and both parties would walk away happy. The term ‘‘workaholic’’ might be putting it mildly. I am told that after one particularly hairy negotiation ended in success, Bob exclaimed, ‘‘I’d sell it back to him—if I could turn around and buy it again!’’ Unlike many of his colleagues, Bob did not necessarily always aspire to public service. In fact, it took a direct appeal to his builder’s instincts to set this political career in motion. Bob saw a message in a church bul-letin. They needed volunteers with con-struction experience to help a mission in Haiti. Bob went along, along with his father, and he came back with the drive to keep doing real good for real people. That conviction eventually took him to city hall in Chattanooga, where peo-ple still talk about the transformative wave of education reform, economic de-velopment, and public improvements that was unleashed during his time as mayor. Tennesseans liked what they saw. They decided the next chapters of B
OB C
ORKER ’s serial success story should be written right here on their behalf in the U.S. Senate. So if I even tried to relate a com-prehensive catalog of everything B
OB C
ORKER has gotten accomplished in the Senate, this speech would be our last act of business before New Year’s, but a few highlights stand out especially. It was early in Senator C
ORKER ’s first term when the financial crisis threw our economy into chaos, but this fired- up freshman immediately started working with committee chairs and new friends across the aisle. He became a pivotal player, putting his private sector acumen to great use in helping craft policies to begin restoring sta-bility. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.002 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7325 December 6, 2018 
He has been a leading voice on hous-ing reform, of course, and the combina-tion of his background with his post on the Foreign Relations Committee has led to some unique B
OBCORKER accom-plishments. Just this year, he has been hard at work on the BUILD Act to overhaul how America makes loans to new projects in the developing world. He was also a key champion of the electrify Africa bill that became law in 2016, laying groundwork for a more sta-ble power grid across that continent. There are also other subtler ways he has remained the consummate busi-nessman. Tennesseans know that many of the good things their junior Senator has achieved for his home State didn’t even involve legislation. Every bit the former mayor, B
OBhas continued to hustle to convince every new job and new investment in sight why his home State is the place for them—phone call by phone call, meeting by meeting. So the Senate is preparing to say goodbye to one of our most energetic and accomplished Members. We will miss his enthusiasm and his expertise, but we will also miss his famous gen-erosity and the great kindness every-one close to B
OBjumps at the chance to describe. He is thoughtful to those he knows well and to those he has just met. I have it on good authority that on at least one occasion, B
OBmet a prom-ising young man working in a checkout line and signed him up right there on the spot for a job interview with his chief of staff. Most recently, we know B
OBCORKER  as the brilliant chairman of the For-eign Relations Committee. He has trav-eled constantly. He has engaged issues around the world with an enormous de-gree of skill and capacity. He is a pow-erful voice for American interests and those of our allies and a forceful, influ-ential thorn in the side of those who might wish us harm. He has also used that position to champion vulnerable people around the world. His spearheading of the End Modern Slavery Initiative Act, focus-ing resources and attention on a hu-manitarian crisis affecting literally millions, will be a core piece of that legacy. I know B
OBprides himself on bring-ing more regular order back to the committee and getting it back to ba-sics—legislation, treaties. Under his leadership, the committee passed the first authorization bill for the State Department—listen to this—in 14 years. Predictably, that B
OBCORKER work ethic is on full display when he is trav-eling the world on our Nation’s behalf. I hear that when B
OBwas leading a trip to Israel and Palestine a few years ago, he heard about smuggling tunnels be-tween Egypt and Gaza and decided to go see them himself. So the way I heard it, he arranged for ground transportation to Gaza, exam-ined the system, and was back in Tel Aviv later that day to discuss the situ-ation with Prime Minister Netanyahu. I will admit, though, that I am plen-ty excited to see what this hugely ac-complished individual will get into next, and there is plenty of talk about what mission is next in the queue. I have heard his name is in the hat for an opportunity envied by many in this Chamber, and that is the chance to spend a lot more time with family. I am sure Elizabeth and the family will oblige with a smooth confirmation process. I have to admit, whatever comes next, I really doubt we will be able to call it a retirement in any ordinary sense of the word. You see, I have heard what happens when BOBCORKER  tries to relax. Apparently, there was one summer when he endeavored to take up water-skiing. You know—nice, lazy days; soak in the sunshine. Well, that didn’t last very long. B
OBwent all in. He practiced and practiced and kept at it all summer, and soon he was a master-ful but somewhat exhausted and burned-out water-skier. Once the chal-lenge was gone, on to the next thing, on to the next deal, on to the next con-struction project. So, B
OB, we will miss you a lot. The Senate and the great State of Ten-nessee will miss your service, but we just simply can’t wait to see what you build next. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as if in morning business. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BOB CORKER Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, let me begin where the majority leader stopped. It is a true story about the tunnels. Senator C
ORKER was curious about smuggling supplies from Egypt to Gaza. Others of us might have asked somebody about that—not B
OBCORKER . He hailed a Jeep, rode to the border, in-spected the tunnels, took photographs, and as the majority leader said, when he met with Benjamin Netanyahu that afternoon, showed him the photo-graphs. Netanyahu was startled. The Prime Minister of Israel might have been surprised by B
OBCORKER ’s con-duct, but none of us who knew B
OB C
ORKER were surprised. As Senator M
CCONNELL said, B OB C
ORKER is always a man on a mission, with little regard for the obstacles in the way. In 1978, age 25, he had saved about $6,000, and he started a construction company. A friend of mine in Mary-ville, my hometown, worked for him as he built a shopping center in Blount County. My friend said: I always knew that that C
ORKER was going to amount to something. After his experience in Haiti that Senator M
CCONNELL discussed, he also began to apply his skills of construc-tion to help find decent homes for near-ly 10,000 people in Chattanooga. I met BOBCORKER 25 years ago. It was 1993. His friend Jimmy Haslam, who was his roommate at the Univer-sity of Tennessee, called me and said he had this friend who was thinking about public service, and he wondered if I would talk to him. Jimmy Haslam is today the owner of the Cleveland Browns. When they first knew each other, I believe, according to C
ORKER , they spent a lot of their time sitting on the roof of the fraternity house at the University of Tennessee drinking beer. Nevertheless, B
OBCORKER and I walked up and down the beach at Hil-ton Head, SC, for what must have been an hour and a half. In his typical B
OB C
ORKER way, he was weighing both sides—all sides—of the issue. Should I run for the U.S. Senate? Should I run for Governor of Tennessee—which might be better suited to somebody with his executive background. He ran for the U.S. Senate in 1994, which would have been a very good year for a Republican to do that, with one exception. He had a primary, and he was defeated by Bill Frist, a doctor who had never before been involved in politics. Some people said it really amounted to Frist—for these two rook-ies who were running against each other in a primary—Frist just spent more of his money to beat C
ORKER than C
ORKER spent of his to beat Frist. In any event, Frist came here and even served as the majority leader of the U.S. Senate. Of course, that didn’t slow B
OBdown more than about 10 minutes. The new Governor of Tennessee, Don Sundquist, invited him to become, in effect, the chief operating officer of our State government. There, we saw the first indications of diplomacy that we now see today in his work around the world. He began to work with the Democratic mayor of Nashville, whom Governor Sundquist had just defeated in the Governor’s race, and together they brought the Ti-tans to Nashville and to Tennessee— which, by the way, play the Jaguars to-night at 7:20. B
OBearned so much respect from the Democratic legislature that existed then that they tried to persuade him to run for Governor as a Democrat, but he said no, and he returned to Chat-tanooga and jumped back into busi-ness. Real estate companies were what he became involved in, and then he be-came the mayor of Chattanooga in 2000. Now, he would be the first to tell you that Chattanooga was already on a roll, that a lot of people had a lot to do with Chattanooga’s success, but every-body else will tell you he was the best, fastest runner to have on the last stage of the relay team because he took what was already beginning to happen in Chattanooga and put it into high gear, lay the groundwork for what eventu-ally attracted Volkswagen to put its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.008 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7326 December 6, 2018 
North American manufacturing plant there and to have the country gen-erally regard Chattanooga as one of the most, if not the most, desirable, midsized cities in America. He was enormously successful as a mayor. Then, in 2006, the man who had de-feated him in his Senate race 12 years earlier, decided to retire from the Sen-ate, and Bill Frist persuaded B
OB C
ORKER to run for his seat. Maybe Bill Frist didn’t tell B
OBthe whole story. That was a tough year for Republican candidates, and it was a different race. It was the closest race in our State’s history for the U.S. Senate, and B
OB nearly lost it, but he did something that almost no one would do, whether they are a politician or an executive. Six or eight weeks before the elec-tion, he understood he was about to lose it, and he completely changed what he was doing. He moved his cam-paign headquarters to Nashville; he hired a new team; and he began to tell the story of who B
OBCORKER really is, instead of some Washington ad man’s version of it, and so we began to learn about his interest in Haiti and about the 10,000 people whose homes he had helped find in Chattanooga and about his work to restore that city and to lead our State and recruit the Titans. People liked that. He was elected. He had the privilege of being the presi-dent, the secretary, and the treasurer of the freshman Republican Senate class that was sworn in, in 2007. He was the only one. When B
OBfirst came here, the truth is, at first he was bouncing off the walls. He was a lot like many execu-tives who come to this body and find it a very unusual place to be and to work. That didn’t last very long. As the ma-jority leader said, he jumped in right away. Without repeating all of those things, there was the financial crisis, there were the problems with the auto indus-try. I would think B
OBprobably learned as much about General Motors as the General Motors board of direc-tors knew, and he showed that as he worked with them. He was unafraid to talk to the managers or to the union about what needed to be done. He became really focused on the Fed-eral debt of this country and seeing it as our biggest challenge, and I don’t think there is anyone in this body, over the last 12 years, who has been more consistent in trying to point out what the real problem is—the entitle-ments. He even came up with a plan and introduced a bill to deal with it. The only problem is, he and I are the only two cosponsors of that bill. So as he leaves, that is a problem he high-lighted, but we still have to work on. He thought about not running for a second term. He was discouraged, to some degree, about how the place works, but he had already accom-plished so much that he decided to do it, and so he continued his habits of being up early, reading everything he could get his hands on, calling every-body he could think of, traveling to 70 countries, worrying about issues and saying what he thought—always trying to do it in a bipartisan way because he understood that is how you get results, and he wanted results. BOBCORKER voted with the majority of Republican Senators 85 percent of the time, but he always has been a con-servative who prizes results over speeches. In 2015, he became chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and began to deal with the issues Sen-ator M
CCONNELL mentioned—Iran, sex trafficking, and others. His tough- minded pragmatism and grasp of eco-nomics has restored prestige to the Foreign Relations Committee. His skills are reminiscent of the skills of the man we honor this week and the team of George H.W. Bush and what he was able to accomplish in foreign pol-icy. When Time magazine picked him in 2015 as one of the world’s 100 most in-fluential leaders, I wrote about that in-cident at the border of Gaza and I said this at the time: ‘‘If B
OBCORKER is not President of the United States himself, he is an obvious choice for Secretary of State or for the Treasury,’’ which is ex-actly what happened when President Trump was running and was elected in 2016. He considered Senator C
ORKER for Vice President, then for Secretary of State, and, more recently, for Ambas-sador to Australia. Of course, over this time, Senator C
ORKER has dem-onstrated with President Trump the same thing he did with President Obama—that he was not afraid to work with him and he was not afraid to chal-lenge him. This produced some sparks. I have told both President Trump and Senator C
ORKER that they shouldn’t worry about those sparks very much because that is just the way developers and contractors talk to each other. I know both men well enough to know that deep down there is a lot of mutual re-spect between the two of them. For me, these 12 years of working with B
OBCORKER have been a joy. It is well known that Senators—especially Senators from the same State, espe-cially Senators of the same political party—don’t always get along well with each other. This is a body that op-erates by unanimous consent. This is a body where relationships matter. B
OB C
ORKER and I have followed the old rule that Senator Howard Baker and Sen-ator Robert Byrd followed: I won’t sur-prise you if you won’t surprise me. We not only didn’t surprise each other, but we looked out for each other. We re-spected each other’s work, even though we didn’t always agree. Our staffers saw that. So they worked the same way, and I am convinced the people of Tennessee were the beneficiaries of that, because when they approached the Corker staff and the Alexander staff or either one of us, I think they found that one plus one equals three, not two, and that the people for whom we work are the beneficiaries. Peyton Manning once said that he hoped BOBCORKER would serve in the United States until he was 100 years old. I think that was really to get peo-ple to quit asking Peyton Manning to run for the U.S. Senate, because he knew better than to get involved. While I am looking forward to working with M
ARSHA BLACKBURN , who is B OB C
ORKER ’s successor, I have to admit that I agree with Peyton Manning. B
OBCORKER has done as a U.S. Sen-ator what every Tennessean and every American should hope a U.S. Senator should do. He has gotten up early, de-termined to find some way to make the country a little better, read everything he could find, talked to everybody he could find on the telephone—anybody he thought knew anything about an issue he cared about—and jumped into it with both feet, saying exactly what he thought was the right thing to do for the country and usually coming out with a result that did just that. It has been a privilege to serve with him and to know better Elizabeth and their wonderful family. I look forward to watching what has to be one of the best upcoming shows in town, which will be whatever B
OBCORKER decides to do next. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The Senator from Dela-ware. Mr. COONS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection. Mr. COONS. Madam President, I am honored to have the opportunity to join my colleagues and rise today to speak in tribute to my friend Senator B
OBCORKER and in recognition of his remarkable service to our Nation here in the Senate of the United States. Senator C
ORKER and his staff have left an astonishing legacy of tireless en-ergy, engagement, and productivity, and I am thrilled to have a few minutes to follow on the comments of the ma-jority leader and the senior Senator from his home State of Tennessee. When I first came here as a freshman in 2010, I partnered with Senator J
OE M
ANCHIN , who was elected at the same time as I was in a special election. We decided that the first thing we had to do was to go to Afghanistan and see our troops in harm’s way. Having never been a Senator before, I had no idea how one went about getting to Afghan-istan, but Senator M
ANCHIN assured me he had it under control and it was all going to be just fine. Just a few weeks later, I ended up on an airplane with two Senators I had never heard of—B
ERNIE SANDERS of Vermont and B
OBCORKER of Tennessee. Maybe I had heard of them, but I cer-tainly had never met them and knew little about them. As we all got engaged in this trip—we went to Pakistan and Afghanistan—I learned more and more about B
OB C
ORKER . You just heard it, but I will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.009 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7327 December 6, 2018 
repeat it. Possessing a fierce work ethic, incredible intellect, and a deter-mination to get things done, Mr. C
ORKER is a builder who reaches across the aisle, extends his hand, and doesn’t relent until there is a deal done. I can’t think of a more frustrating place to try and bring that attitude than Afghani-stan. We were there at a time when our own law enforcement had just informed us that then-President Hamid Karzai’s half-brother had stolen nearly a half billion dollars from the American tax-payers. Chairman C
ORKER unleashed on the President of Afghanistan with a fo-cused communication that I will not soon forget, and that left me looking around to make sure there were folks from our side in the room. He was respectful and supportive of our men and women of the Armed Forces. He was engaged and purposeful with the leaders of Afghanistan. In every single meeting we had in Paki-stan and Afghanistan and then in the follow-on in Jordan and Israel, B
OBwas a blizzard of activity with purpose. What an introduction that was. What I realized on our trip is that my background as a county executive who did a lot in land use and development and B
OB’s background as an entre-preneur and a builder and then a mayor and someone passionate about pro-viding housing to those in need meant that we had a lot in common. He has an attitude of wanting to get a lot of things done and refusing to be satisfied with a body where folks talk too much and accomplish too little. So from that first trip, I concluded Senator C
ORKER  was someone with whom I could really get things done. He is the sort of person who has been willing at times to put Nation above party and to be always committed to his home State of Tennessee. I do want to make sure I also say thank you to his wife Elizabeth and to his daughters, Emily and Julia, and his family, including his grandchildren, who have supported him in this service. His dozen years in the Senate has left a lasting legacy, and that is only be-cause he has a family who has loved and supported him even as he has trav-eled relentlessly around the world and worked tirelessly to tackle our budget issues. As a builder, an entrepreneur, and successful businessman, B
OBcan read a balance sheet, and he knows that ours is badly out of whack. As a member of the Budget Committee in my first few years here, he was relent-less at delivering a message to anyone who was here that we were headed to-ward a reckoning. That is a piece of un-finished business that I feel some obli-gation to try and carry forward in Mr. C
ORKER ’s honor. As you heard his colleagues say, though, it was at moments of B
OB’s tireless, relentless energy and his de-termination to build things and get things done that he encountered the tragic realities of the world that most moved him. A trip to Haiti opened his eyes to the profound need for housing in this region of the world. Much later, a trip to the Philippines to see the tragedy of young women ensnared by sex traffickers profoundly touched him and moved him. It is this combination of a relentless will, great intellect, and a huge heart that has made Senator CORKER —Chairman C ORKER —such a successful leader here. Whether meeting with world leaders, fighting to solve budget issues, or chairing the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, there is universal agree-ment about his passion, his character, and his integrity. That is because he genuinely listens to people, asks them thoughtful, sometimes tough, very fo-cused questions, and then gets moving toward solving a problem. I asked for a review of the bills that we have worked on, and it is longer than the time I have allotted. So let me just give a few highlights. One of the issues that bears mentioning is that in a deeply divided, often too par-tisan Congress, where too few Members are willing to work across the aisle to achieve results, my work on legislation with Chairman C
ORKER has led to most of the things that I can say with con-fidence have made a difference in my short 8 years here. We recently worked together to reau-thorize PEPFAR, President George W. Bush’s emergency program for AIDS relief, in just September of this year. We worked together—this is really Senator C
ORKER ’s issue and his leader-ship—to pass the End Modern Slavery Initiative Act, a critical step in fight-ing the scourge of slavery around the world today. We worked to pass the Global Food Security Act, which au-thorized USAID’s Emergency Food Se-curity Program, and we worked tire-lessly—work I intend to continue—to make our food aid more efficient and focused. There is the Water for the World Act, which promotes safe, clean drinking water for a billion people around the world and was signed into law in 2014. Most recently, there was a bill we spent a great deal of time on and where his staff was particularly effective, the BUILD Act, which will deploy $60 bil-lion of American private capital around the world, at no cost to Amer-ican taxpayers, in a way that meets the challenges we face from China, in-vesting everywhere in the world. It al-lows us to step up the skills and strength of our private sector to help build and meet the needs of a growing world. Working to implement the BUILD Act and to execute on B
OB’s vi-sion will be one of the things I will tend to this coming year, as well as making sure that the Electrify Africa Act, which we worked on together, is implemented this coming year, and this will be something I look forward to doing. Working on making sure that the End Modern Slavery Initiative Act is carried forward this coming Congress is something I look forward to. What I will deeply miss is time with Senator C
ORKER . It was at Easter time last year that he asked me on short no-tice if I thought we should go to the fastest growing refugee camp in the world, Bidi Bidi, in Uganda, where more than a quarter-million people were living after fleeing war-torn South Sudan. I went to my wife and said: I sort of planned a quiet weekend at home this year, what do you think? She said: There is no better place on Earth you can be than with BOB C
ORKER . She and I both have been im-pressed with his tireless commitment to making a difference in the world, and the impact of that trip on both of us—of spending that weekend not in the comfort or quiet of our own homes in our home States but with people who had just fled violence, torture, rape, and abuse, and to provide some measure of comfort and confidence to them and to gain insight into how we are helping around the world—touched my heart and will affect the whole rest of my service and my life. Let me just say this in closing. We have had a remarkable time serving to-gether in Foreign Relations. Chairman C
ORKER has shown us how Members of this body should act. We have real dif-ferences. He is a conservative Repub-lican. He is of the opposite party. He comes to things with different prin-ciples. But he has been relentless in finding solutions, and the problems that face us will not be solved without leaders like Chairman C
ORKER . It has been my honor to have the op-portunity to work with him on a few issues. Frankly, I wish more Members were here to talk about all the other issues—from financial services to the auto industry to things around the world—that I know are pressing busi-ness in this short lameduck session. Let me say this. I am eager to see what Chairman C
ORKER does next, be-cause his relentless energy, huge heart, and great intellect have made such a lasting difference here. I am eager to find out what he is determined to build next. There is nothing to which he has bent his will toward that hasn’t been shaped by his character, his integrity, and his kindness. It has been a true blessing, Mr. C
ORKER , to serve alongside you and, in some small way, to try to earn the op-portunity to make a difference in this country and in this world with you. Thank you and thank you for your service to our Nation. With that, Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.011 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7328 December 6, 2018 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, later today, the House is poised to send us a 2-week continuing resolution, which will give us time to hash out the remainder of the appropriations proc-ess this year. I expect it will pass this Chamber later this afternoon. Presi-dent Trump and my Republican col-leagues now have to decide what they want to do after those 2 weeks are up and, hopefully, even sooner. As everybody knows, Democrats have offered to pass the bipartisan DHS ap-propriations bill agreed to 6 months ago, which includes $1.6 billion for bor-der security. There has been some con-fusion about that figure. Let me be clear. The $1.6 billion can-not be used to construct any part of President Trump’s 30-foot-tall, con-crete border wall. It can be used only for fencing, using technology currently deployed at the border, only where the experts say fencing is appropriate and makes sense as a security feature. This is something Democrats have al-ways been for: smart, effective, appro-priate border security. This is so good that every Republican appropriator signed off on that bill a few months ago, including Senator M
CCONNELL , Senator S
HELBY , Senator R UBIO, and Senator G
RAHAM . They were all for it. This is a bipartisan compromise pro-posal. If they can’t go for the proposal that they signed off on and negotiated because President Trump is pounding the table in an irrational way, there is a second option. Democrats have also offered to pass the six bipartisan appro-priations bills and a continuing resolu-tion for the Department of Homeland Security. This continuing resolution doesn’t resolve this issue but continues to fund the Homeland Security Depart-ment. We think that continuing resolu-tion should be for a year. Both options would receive 60 votes in the Senate, would pass in the House, and would get us home in time for the Christmas holiday, which I know many people want to do. I have heard that from many of my Republican friends. As I said, either option would keep the government funded over Christmas. We don’t want to see the government shut down over Christmas, even though President Trump seems to brag that he wants one. The one and only way we approach a shutdown is if President Trump refuses both of our proposals and demands $5 billion or more for a border wall. The wall request is a nonstarter for many reasons. Here are three: First, when President Trump pro-posed this as a candidate, he said: ‘‘I will have Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.’’ The idea that the American taxpayer now has to foot the bill doesn’t make sense. Second, there is no plan for the wall. They haven’t said where they want to build it or how high it is. Let me make clear that I don’t like any wall, but how can you spend $5 billion when there is no plan? It shows that this is sort of political fodder for President Trump. It appeals to his base, but he doesn’t even care that much that his whole government, his whole adminis-tration has not submitted any specific plans. Third, last year we put $1.345 billion into Homeland Security for border se-curity. Not a nickel of that has been spent on a wall. It couldn’t be. The lan-guage didn’t allow it. But virtually none of it has been spent at all. They still have that $1.34 billion they haven’t even spent the vast majority of, and already they are demanding $5 billion more. Some would say demanding $1.6 bil-lion more is too much, but the idea that they haven’t spent last year’s money and they are demanding such a huge amount this year makes no sense at all. To ask the American taxpayer to foot the bill for an unplanned, un-necessary, ineffective border wall is just preposterous. We know why President Trump is doing this, as he does so many things. It is a throwaway idea to fire up his base. I am ashamed that my Repub-lican colleagues, who know better, are going along. If President Trump wants to throw a temper tantrum and shut down the government over Christmas over the wall, that is his decision, but there are two sensible options on the table to avoid one. We do not want to let a Trump temper tantrum govern our policies or cause the shutdown of the government, which everyone on both sides of the aisle knows is the wrong idea. One final point: By letting the Presi-dent’s demands get in the way, my Re-publican colleagues are, in effect, ceding Congress’s authority over the appropriations process to the Presi-dent. Leader M
CCONNELL has repeat-edly said that he wants regular order on appropriations in the Senate. In fact, that has been one of the few bi-partisan high moments that this Sen-ate has had. Last year, we passed a good appro-priations process and came together on an omnibus. This year, we have funded close to three-quarters of the govern-ment already—bipartisan, passed by a large majority. That is how it should work. It should work the same way for the Department of Homeland Security. Regular order would dictate that the Senate consider the bipartisan DHS ap-propriations bill that has been passed out of committee and been agreed to by both parties here on the floor. In the meantime, the six other bipartisan ap-propriations bills that have also been agreed to by both parties are being held hostage over this unnecessarily, to any objective observer. If my friend Leader M
CCONNELL is so concerned about regular order, he would bring up the remaining appro-priations bills, as agreed to, for a vote. He would tell President Trump that the bipartisan conference bill, the bi-partisan compromise—or a CR—is the way to go to avoid a shutdown. NOMINATION OF BERNARD L . MCNAMEE  
Madam President, on another mat-ter, yesterday, all 49 Democrats voted against considering the nomination of Bernard McNamee to the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission, and that was for good reason. McNamee has spent the bulk of his career boosting fossil fuels and slandering renewable energy. His views are so anachronistic, regressive, and counterfactual that I am sure most of my Republican col-leagues would not agree with him. He has lied about how renewable energies impact the electric grid. He has called support for clean energy ‘‘organized propaganda’’ and has pitched the de-bate between fossil fuels and renew-ables, in his words, as a ‘‘clash between liberty and tyranny.’’ My Republican friends, these words sound absurd. You would think I was making them up be-cause it would so vilify Mr. McNamee, but my Republican friends can see on video every one of these statements that he made. At a time when our country is plagued by wildfires and flooding, at a time when more powerful storms and hurricanes buffet our coasts, at a time when average Americans are feeling the devastating effects of climate change right now, we should not ele-vate someone so biased in favor of the fossil fuels that caused these problems in the first place. We have a final vote today. Every Democrat has voted no. We need one Republican to switch to defeat this awful nomination. I hope my col-leagues will think about it. Please, look up the record. Don’t just listen to my speech. Just look at what this man has said, and I think a good number of you might want to vote no. On the front page of the New York Times this morning, there was a report about how the emission of greenhouse gases has actually accelerated in the past few years. Climate change is going to be a defining issue of our generation and a defining issue in future elections. The vote on McNamee clearly shows the difference between the two parties on the issue of climate change right now. The Democrats believe we need to address climate change with bold and substantial action. We cannot wait until a later day. We cannot keep ap-proving folks like McNamee to influ-ence energy policy. We need to act. Meanwhile, too many of our Repub-lican colleagues pretend the issue doesn’t even exist, and that is sad. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.003 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7329 December 6, 2018 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission for the remainder of the term expiring June 30, 2020. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 12 noon will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The Senator from Minnesota. 
NOMINATION OF BERNARD L . MCNAMEE  
Ms. SMITH. Madam President, I rise to discuss the urgency of addressing climate change. I will also address the nomination of Mr. Bernard McNamee to be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which we are debating on the Senate floor today. Recently, the Trump administration released the latest installment of the National Climate Assessment. This re-port is the work of over 300 expert sci-entists and 13 different government agencies, including the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Energy, NASA, and others. The report makes an urgent case for action by de-tailing the extreme threat that is posed to our Nation and to our world by climate change. The need for forward-looking envi-ronmental and energy policies is obvi-ous to anyone who reads this report, and it is telling that this report was mandated by a law signed by the late George H. W. Bush in 1990—a President whose life we came together to cele-brate yesterday. The Trump administration doesn’t want to talk about the report’s find-ings, but the problems of a changing climate are already well known to us in Minnesota. Our winters are milder than they used to be. Rain patterns are changing. We are now prone to long, hot dry spells in the summer, but when the rains do come, they are more in-tense. Big storms used to be rare in Minnesota, but now we suffer more than almost anywhere else in the coun-try from these climate-driven increases in so-called mega-rain events. When it rains 6 or 8 or even 10 inches all at once, houses flood and fields flood. The water can’t run off or soak into the soil fast enough. As Minnesota’s Lieuten-ant Governor and now as a Senator, I have seen the consequences of these storms. Without action on climate change, these problems are only going to get worse. Even to those who have long ac-cepted the scientific consensus on cli-mate change, the new report makes for a sobering read. The assessment tells us that if greenhouse gas emissions continue unabated, ‘‘the Midwest is projected to have the largest increase in extreme temperature-related pre-mature deaths.’’ By 2090, the Midwest can expect 2,000 additional deaths a year alone due to heat. That will be more than in any other region in the country. We know that there are health con-sequences to a warming climate and also important impacts on our food supply. Minnesota is a vital contrib-utor to our world’s food supply. We rank fourth in the country in corn pro-duction, and corn is our No. 1 agricul-tural commodity. In 2017, Minnesota farmers produced $4.5 billion of corn on 8 million acres. This agricultural pro-ductivity is threatened by climate change. The problem going forward is that corn doesn’t tolerate extreme warm temperatures. Corn plants grow best at approximately 80 degrees, and above 95 degrees, reproductive failure is a risk. U.S. corn yields per acre grew 60 percent from the 1980s to today. Be-cause of warming temperatures, the climate assessment warns that we risk losing all of these productivity gains by 2050. A world with nearly 10 billion people at midcentury is going to need Amer-ican farmers to produce even more than ever. Climate change threatens our farmers’ ability to rise to that challenge. This is why I agree with the National Farmers Union, which says: 
We can’t wait for technology to solve cli-mate change. We must take action now. 
We grow more than just corn in Min-nesota. For example, the Anishinaabe people in my State harvest the world’s finest wild rice. The climate assess-ment states: ‘‘Declines in production are expected, related to increases in climate extremes and climate-related disease and pest outbreaks as well as northward shifts of favorable growing regions.’’ The loss of wild rice in Min-nesota would be a cultural, ecological, and economic tragedy. The climate assessment also high-lights the economic stakes. Climate change threatens to reduce the size of the U.S. economy by up to 10 percent by the end of this century—a loss of hundreds of billions of dollars per year. In response to the extreme challenges that we face from climate change, I see two potential ways to respond. First, the path offered by Mr. McNamee would be that we do nothing to acknowledge this problem. As the Department of Energy’s dep-uty general counsel, Mr. McNamee pushed a dirty coal plant bailout that would have cost American consumers billions of dollars a year with there being no discernible benefit to our en-ergy system and a huge loss in our fight against climate change. That is why the proposal was rejected unani-mously by the five FERC Commis-sioners. Now Mr. McNamee is nomi-nated to be one of those Commis-sioners. To avoid dealing with the climate change problem, Mr. McNamee has— like many in the Trump administra-tion—decided that the first, best tactic is to deny there is even a problem. In February of this year, Mr. McNamee spoke at a policy orientation for legis-lators in Texas. When he was asked about how his son and other students should react to being taught climate science in schools, Mr. McNamee said: Just deny it. I don’t care if you get an F. I don’t care. 
I reject Mr. McNamee’s head-in-the- sand approach, which is a fundamen-tally pessimistic approach to Amer-ica’s ability to lead the fight against climate change by leading the clean energy revolution. I, by contrast, am an optimist. The thing about the clean energy transition is that it is going to happen with or without American leadership. Between now and 2050, the world will invest $11.5 trillion in building new electric generators. Almost 9 in 10 of those dollars will be spent on renew-ables and other technologies with zero carbon emissions. The United States should lead the way in developing, making, and deploy-ing clean energy technology; however, right now, China is leading the way. China leads the way in renewable en-ergy investments, and it spent $127 bil-lion in 2017, which outspent the United States by more than 3 to 1. We know that Americans want to step up. California and Hawaii have put themselves on a path to 100-percent clean energy by 2050. Just this week, Xcel Energy, which is the largest util-ity in my State, pledged to deliver 80 percent in carbon dioxide emission re-ductions by 2030, with a goal of having 100-percent emissions-free electricity by 2050. States, companies, and individuals can help lead the way, but that doesn’t take the Federal Government off the hook. We must pull together as a coun-try. The scale of the challenge requires national and international coordina-tion and cooperation. The United States can lead, or we can be left be-hind. We led the way during the fossil fuel revolution, and we were rewarded with world-leading prosperity. There is a new revolution happening. Mr. McNamee and President Trump both believe that we can prosper by doubling down on outdated thinking regarding energy and climate, but they are wrong. I urge my colleagues to vote no on this nominee. It is the duty of those of us in Congress to push for a clear-eyed but optimistic path forward and not to let misguided ideology leave us stuck in the past. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING GEORGE H . W. BUSH  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, over the last few days, since the death of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.005 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7330 December 6, 2018 
President George Herbert Walker Bush, we have heard about his life and his legacy. It has been, really, a celebra-tion of a life well lived. It is hard to imagine someone packing more into 94 years than George H. W. Bush packed into his life. We heard about his time in the Navy, when he volunteered after Pearl Harbor, became a naval aviator, was shot down, and was saved by a sub-marine that popped up and rescued him. We, of course, know about his de-votion to public service, but we also learned a lot more about his sense of humanity, his humility, his loyalty, and his optimism. Sometimes in Washington it seems like the message is all negative, and I think this has been a delightful con-trast, reflecting on his life and his con-tribution. I have said previously, talking about President Bush, that there is nothing as powerful as a good example. I think his example is one we all ought to con-template and perhaps strive to emulate in our own way and in the way we con-duct our business here. When people disagree with us, it doesn’t mean they are bad people; they are just people with different ideas. We ought to respect one another enough to actually debate those ideas, rather than engage in name-calling and deni-grating the level of discourse among us because people watch us too. They watch how we conduct ourselves here, and they take some cues from that in how they conduct themselves online, in PTA meetings, in our communities, and in our States. This has been a delightful week. It has been kind of an emotional and ex-hausting week as we have grieved with the Bush family but at the same time, as I said, celebrating an incredible life. 
SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS  
Madam President, perhaps we have about 2 more weeks of work before the end of the year. I am told the House will pass a 2-week continuing resolu-tion, taking us up to December 21. We will have a chance to pass that here. The window of opportunity for us to finish our work in the Senate is closing rapidly, and there is a lot we need to get done. We have an opportunity to build off of accomplishments we have made in these last 2 years and to get our remaining to-do list checked off. The leader called the Senate fertile ground for productive, bipartisan work. That is because the way we are built, the way our rules are constructed, it basically requires us to do things in a bipartisan way in the main. Several of our biggest achievements for the Senate in this Congress couldn’t have happened without bipar-tisan support, like the landmark opioids legislation to help those strug-gling with drug addiction or the his-toric bill to improve veterans’ care, shepherded by Senator I
SAKSON , the Senator from Georgia. Our work for the rest of the year will also require cooperation in a bipartisan spirit, particularly when it comes to funding what is left of our government. We have already joined together to fund roughly 75 percent of the Federal Government on time and through reg-ular order for the first time in two dec-ades. That is pretty remarkable and welcomed. While we complete our work on the remaining appropriations bills, I ex-pect a lot of the focus to be on border security. It is no secret, coming from a border State, that this is very serious business to me. I know it is to many of our colleagues. We have been reminded by the caravans of migrants from Cen-tral America—sweeping across Mexico and ending up in Tijuana, right across from San Diego—that collectively we have a lot of work to do to address these mass migrations. I went to Mexico City on Saturday with Vice President PENCE ; the Sec-retary of Energy, Rick Perry; the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, Kirstjen Nielsen; and other officials who were there. We had Members of the House, and Senator L
EEfrom Utah and I were the Members of the Senate rep-resenting the U.S. Government at the inauguration of President Lopez Obrador. What we have read, including today, that the incoming Lopez Obrador ad-ministration has already been hard at work, working with our Homeland Se-curity officials to come up with an agreement to deal with these mass mi-grations—these caravans of people coming from Central America, across Mexico, and seeking asylum in the United States. I have spoken many times about how these so-called caravans have been pre-ceded by minicaravans; that is, smaller numbers of people coming to our bor-der and seeking entry and, in many in-stances, seeking to exploit loopholes in our law that only Congress can fix. I am frustrated, like many of us, that we have been unwilling to get our Demo-cratic colleagues to work with us to fix those loopholes. What I am encouraged by is, the in-coming administration of the Mexican President as well as the Trump admin-istration have worked to arrange for these asylum seekers to spend their time in Mexico waiting for their asy-lum claims to be adjudicated. I think that is a big change in the way Mexico has regarded this issue. Previously, they have regarded the issue as our problem, not their prob-lem. They have actually issued transit visas for people to transit Mexico. Ba-sically, the message is: As long as you don’t stop here, we are not going to do anything about your coming across Mexico. Now they realize this is their problem and our problem, and the only way we are going to be able to solve this problem is working together, along with the governments of Central America, where people are fleeing gang violence. It is hard to blame people for fleeing when they realize their circumstances are so dire in their home country, but I think there is a lot we can and we should do, working with them, to help them improve circumstances in their home countries so they don’t feel they have to come to the United States to seek asylum and turn themselves over to the tender mercies of the drug car-tels and the people who view them as just another commodity by which they make money, just like heroin they sell in the United States, just like children and women whom they traffic for sex slavery. These drug cartels are the same organizations, the transnational criminal organizations. I don’t think that reality has quite sunk in here in Washington. These are not nice people. These are dangerous people. All you need to do is look at the trial of El Chapo occurring in Manhattan—the head of one of the largest cartels—and read about some of the evidence that has been introduced. The U.S. Government has extradited him to the United States and is now prosecuting him. The evidence will chill your blood. He is a vicious, dan-gerous person whose only interest is in making money and enriching himself and his fellow cartel members. I am encouraged by some of these nascent discussions that will perhaps lead to an agreement between the Gov-ernment of Mexico and the United States. In addition to completing our most basic task of funding the government, we have to work hard to get more of the President’s team in place. I have never seen an administration more sandbagged with more foot-dragging by the Senate and the Democrats when it comes to confirming noncontroversial nominees to serve in the President’s administration. This is just another way to undermine their ability to get their work done there. This is one of our greatest respon-sibilities under the Constitution, to provide advice and consent to the President’s nominees, whether they are judges, whether they are Ambassadors, or wherever in a Senate-confirmed po-sition in the administration. We have seen a record number of clo-ture votes during the last 2 years be-cause, again, our colleagues on the other side have simply wanted to burn the clock, waste time, and then vote overwhelming to confirm non-controversial nominees. All that does is prevent us from getting our work done on a timely basis and makes it harder to fill these vacancies. In the first 2 years of the Trump ad-ministration, the majority leader, the Senator from Kentucky, has made nominations a top priority, particu-larly judicial nominations, but we still have a number of nominees with exem-plary records waiting for confirmation. I talked to Mike Pompeo, the Sec-retary of State. He said they have a number of ambassadorships, a number of important positions in our diplo-matic corps vacant for no other reason than the foot-dragging and the obstruc-tion we have seen by the other side. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.005 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7331 December 6, 2018 
is just shameful. These are well-quali-fied and accomplished men and women who have put their lives on hold, and they are languishing on our calendar. We need to get them confirmed. We will advance two of those nomi-nees today: Bernard McNamee, to serve on the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and Kathleen Kraninger, to be Director of the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau. I also hope to add to our historic number of judicial confirmations by ensuring that more well-qualified judges are confirmed in our Federal and district courts. As you know, Madam President, so far we have confirmed 84 judges nomi-nated by President Trump, and I hope we are able to continue this work and ensure that more highly regarded judges are able to join their ranks in the Federal judiciary, both this year and in the next 2 years—the final 2 years of the first term of President Trump. Before we adjourn the 115th Congress, we need to pass the farm bill, the con-ference report. Its importance can’t be overstated. I know the Presiding Offi-cer comes from a State where agri-culture is important. I know of her per-sonal experience leading the ag sector in Mississippi. The farm bill safeguards the future of our agriculture community. When we think about that phrase ‘‘our agri-culture community,’’ our minds often conjure up farmers and ranchers, but the circle of that community is far wider, encompassing rural commu-nities and indeed our entire country. Most of our country is rural, and agri-culture is absolutely critical. We have all heard the saying, ‘‘Thank a farmer three times a day.’’ That is true, but, in reality, we should be thanking them a lot more because the ag community does more than just provide the food we eat, and that is im-portant, but they do a lot more. In small towns and rural commu-nities, like those in Texas, agriculture is the heartbeat of the economy. Farm-ers and ranchers, of course, send their children to local schools; they shop on Main Street; they buy groceries at the supermarket; they bank at their local bank or credit union; they receive loans for new equipment so they can grow their businesses and fund their operations. They are interwoven with our communities all across the coun-try, and they deserve our support and some predictability and stability. The farm bill is renewed once every 5 years, supporting the ag community in several ways. It addresses food produc-tion by helping ensure Americans con-tinue to enjoy access to the safest, cheapest, and most reliable food supply in the world. Our farmers and ranchers do this so well that many of us kind of take it for granted and always assume that the food will be there when we want it and need it. Most of the rest of the world doesn’t enjoy that sort of abundance or the certainty that it will always be there. The farm bill also impacts many other areas, like forestry, research, nu-trition programs, and humanitarian aid to foreign countries, just to name a few. In Texas, one out of every seven working Texans work in the agri-culture industry. Farmers and ranch-ers, unfortunately, know all too well that Mother Nature can and has dis-rupted harvest and devastated crops, which we saw in abundance with Hurri-cane Harvey just a little over a year ago. That is perhaps why the most im-portant thing the farm bill does is give the ag community the support and pre-dictability it needs and it deserves, so we need to get to work and get that done before we go home for Christmas. Our to-do list may seem daunting to some, but the reason we are able to keep our heads in the game and con-tinue to build off our momentum is be-cause of the incredible record of achievement we have seen in the 115th Congress; that would be for the first 2 years of the Trump administration, where we have had Republican majori-ties in the House and in the Senate. It is a historic record of achievement and accomplishment. That record fundamentally includes the economic gains we have seen, re-newed confidence, optimism about the future, more jobs, and low unemploy-ment. The Hispanic and African-American unemployment rates are at the lowest in recorded history. That is quite an accomplishment. Unemployment is so low around the country that there is a genuine demand and need for more trained workers. That is another chal-lenge for us—to provide people the op-portunity to learn the skills they need in order to fill these good, well-paying jobs that are demanding and needing more employees. The accomplishments we have made I would like to think are the result of, first, listening to what our constitu-ents are telling us and then translating that into legislation that will actually improve their lives. For example, in an effort to ease the regulatory burden on jobseekers, the President signed three bills that I introduced into law. They may not seem like monumental, land-mark pieces of legislation, but cov-ering the subject matter they do, I think they help my constituents in real and important ways. The first bill is an occupational li-censing reform bill called the New HOPE Act, which gives States the tools they need to reduce barriers in certain professions. Some licensing require-ments in some of the States are so on-erous, so expensive and time-con-suming, they basically freeze out peo-ple who have those skills or talents and want to use those to make a living. But the New HOPE Act helps give States additional tools to reduce some of those barriers. Two other bills help veterans who are making the transition back to civilian life. The Jobs for Our Heroes Act makes it easier for veterans to get a commercial driver’s license. One thing I have heard from my constituents back home is we need more truck driv-ers, and we need better roads for them to drive those trucks on. We have a lot of veterans who have learned how to drive big, heavy trucks in the course of their military service, and we have now helped expedite their transition to a commercial driver’s license and good, well-paying jobs, with huge demand. We also passed the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act to help local law enforcement agencies hire veterans so that they can continue to protect the American people here at home. If you read the newspaper, you see that law enforcement agencies are really desperate to get well-qualified, well- trained people to join their police forces and law enforcement. This is a way, again, for veterans to make that transition and to take the skills they have learned in the military and make those available for public safety and ci-vilian life. Veterans’ rights issues have been a passion of mine since I was honored to serve as the attorney general of Texas. I have continued to work here in the Senate and, this Congress, introduced three bills focusing on protecting vic-tims, which were signed into law. One called the SAFER Act is aimed at re-ducing the big backlog of untested rape kits. At one point it was estimated to be 400,000 backlogged rape kits; that is, forensic evidence, DNA collected after a sexual assault, which is absolutely key to solving that crime and identi-fying the perpetrator. By the way, it also has the ability to exonerate people who may be arrested for it; basically, the DNA test and the rape kit can es-sentially rule them out as a potential suspect. We also passed the Justice Served Act, which assists law enforcement in prosecuting cold cases solved by DNA evidence. The sorts of things we can now do as a result of the scientific achievements of being able to test DNA have opened up whole new vistas for law enforcement to use that science in powerful and important ways, such as to reduce the rape kit backlog and to solve violent crimes. The third bill I will mention is called the PROTECT Our Children Act, which reauthorizes task forces combating child exploitation online. We all know that the internet is an integral part of our lives. Unfortunately, there are peo-ple who use the internet to gain access to vulnerable children and recruit them or otherwise exploit them online. So the PROTECT Our Children Act re-authorizes task forces—law enforce-ment agencies, primarily—to combat child exploitation online. Not every local police department or sheriff’s de-partment has the tax base to be able to generate the revenue they need to hire the expertise or to get the technology they need in order to combat this hei-nous crime. So that is where I think it is appropriate for the Federal Govern-ment to step up and say: Let’s get the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.007 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7332 December 6, 2018 
best practices. Let’s figure out what the standard should be, and then help fill those gaps to combat child exploi-tation. Perhaps the most significant accom-plishment Congress made in terms of my State over the last 2 years was working together to deliver disaster re-lief to those suffering from Hurricane Harvey. That catastrophic flooding and damage caused by Harvey is something we hope to never see again during our lifetime, but that is a hope I am afraid is in vain. We know there will always be more hurricanes and more floods. I was proud to join forces with the junior Senator from Texas, Mr. C
RUZ, to secure nearly $147 billion that was available for disaster relief, including Hurricane Harvey, but not limited to Hurricane Harvey. It is also for the wildfires out West and the hurricanes that hit Florida, Puerto Rico, and other parts of the country. In addition to the disaster relief, we passed two pieces of legislation that specifically addressed the needs of my constituents in Texas. The first makes houses of worship eligible for certain grants to help them rebuild after disas-ters. Many houses of worship have es-sentially public facilities that they make available to the community that are unrelated to proselytizing, and we made sure that these FEMA grants were available to help them rebuild after disasters. The second was a tax relief provision that allows Texans to deduct property damage costs and access retirement savings without penalties. That is something we did for Hurricane Katrina in the wake of Katrina. We did so after Hurricane Harvey as well. It is just another way we have made peo-ple’s lives a little bit better after suf-fering from this natural disaster. While aid after a disaster helps those affected to be able to rebuild, it does little good if we are not also working to help prevent or mitigate the threat of flooding and future hurricanes. So we passed provisions that will expedite, for example, a coastal study and that authorizes flood mitigation projects along the gulf coast. Most of the refined product needed for jet fuel and gasoline is refined along the gulf coast of Texas and Lou-isiana. So it is important from a na-tional perspective—not just from a local perspective—that we do every-thing we can to anticipate and miti-gate against future threats and threats to our Nation’s refined energy products supply. I feel fortunate to be in the U.S. Sen-ate. I am proud of the work we have done in the 115th Congress. But we need to finish our job and get our work com-pleted before Christmas. As we close out the 115th Congress, the types of accomplishments I have mentioned, frankly, don’t necessarily get a lot of attention because most of these are bipartisan bills that we pass without a lot of controversy or a lot of noise. But I hope we can continue to build on these accomplishments for the benefit of my constituents in Texas and Americans across the country. We have just a short time left, 2 weeks, perhaps, assuming we can pass—and I do expect we will pass—a 2- week continuing resolution, taking us up to the 21st. Honestly, I don’t think we need to wait that long. We know what we have to do; we just need to come together and get it done. Then we can all go home and be with our fami-lies and loved ones during Christmas. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
MAJOR ROBERT ODELL OWENS POST OFFICE Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 5238 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5238) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5238) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
THE LARRY DOBY CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 1861, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1861) to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achieve-ments and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 1861) was passed. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT MUSEUM EXHIBITS ACT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1417 and that the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1417) to amend the National Law Enforcement Museum Act to allow the Museum to acquire, receive, possess, collect, ship, transport, import, and display firearms, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Com-mittee was discharged and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 1417) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
REAL ID ACT MODIFICATION FOR FREELY ASSOCIATED STATES ACT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3398 and that the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3398) to amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to permit Freely Associated States to meet identification requirements under such Act, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Com-mittee was discharged and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.012 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7333 December 6, 2018 
Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3398) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS RUNWAY EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be discharged and the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 6330. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6330) to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to modify the method for pre-scribing size standards for business concerns. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 6330) was passed. 
f 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE ENTREPRENEURSHIP SUPPORT ACT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 635, S. 3561. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3561) to support entrepreneurs serving in the National Guard and Reserve, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship, with amendments, as follows: 
S. 3561 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Guard and Reserve Entrepreneurship Sup-port Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF LOAN ASSISTANCE AND DEFERRAL ELIGIBILITY TO RESERV-ISTS BEYOND PERIODS OF MILITARY CONFLICT. 
(a) S MALL BUSINESS ACTAMENDMENTS .— Section 7 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking clause (ii); (ii) by redesignating clause (i) as clause (ii); (iii) by inserting before clause (ii), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(i) the term ‘active service’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code;’’; and (iv) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘being ordered to active military duty during a pe-riod of military conflict’’ and inserting ‘‘being ordered to perform active service for a period of more than 30 consecutive days’’; (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’; and (D) in subparagraph (G)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘active duty’’ and inserting ‘‘active service’’; and (2) in subsection (n)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘ACTIVE DUTY’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTIVE SERV-
ICE’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraph (C); (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively; (iii) by inserting before subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(A) A
CTIVE SERVICE .—The term ‘active service’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code.’’; (iv) in subparagraph (B), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘ordered to active duty during a period of military conflict’’ and in-serting ‘‘ordered to perform active service for a period of more than 30 consecutive days’’; and (v) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘active duty’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘active service’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by subsection (a)(1) shall apply to an eco-nomic injury suffered or likely to be suffered as the result of an essential employee being ordered to perform active service (as defined in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code) for a period of more than 30 consecu-tive days who is discharged or released from such active service on or after the date of en-actment of this Act. (c) S
EMIANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and semiannually thereafter, the Presi-dent shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on the number of loans made under the Military Re-servist Economic Injury Disaster Loan pro-gram and the dollar volume of those loans. The report shall contain the subsidy rate of the disaster loan program as authorized under section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)) with the loans made under the Military Reservist Economic Injury Dis-aster Loan program and without those loans included. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 8(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(l)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Administration’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administration’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 7(n)(1))’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) DEFINITION OF PERIOD OF MILITARY CON -
FLICT .—In this subsection, the term ‘period of military conflict’ means— ‘‘(A) a period of war declared by the Con-gress; ‘‘(B) a period of national emergency de-clared by the Congress or by the President; or ‘‘(C) a period of a contingency operation, as defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE DEPLOY-MENT SUPPORT AND BUSINESS TRAINING PROGRAM. 
(a) E XPANSION OF SMALL BUSINESS ADMINIS -
TRATION OUTREACH PROGRAMS .—Section 8(b)(17) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(17)) is amended by striking ‘‘and mem-bers of a reserve component of the Armed Forces’’ and inserting ‘‘members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces, and the spouses of veterans and members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—Section 32 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657b) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE DE-
PLOYMENT SUPPORT AND BUSINESS TRAIN-
ING.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In making grants carried out under section 8(b)(17), the Associate Ad-ministrator shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘National Guard and Reserve Deployment Support and Business Training Program’, to provide training, counseling and other assistance to support members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces and their spouses. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out this subsection, the Associate Administrator may— ‘‘(A) modify programs and resources made available through section 8(b)(17) to provide pre-deployment and other information spe-cific to members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces and their spouses; ‘‘(B) collaborate with the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau or the Chief’s designee, State Adjutant Generals or their designees, and other public and private partners; and ‘‘(C) provide training, information, and other resources to the Chief of the National Guard Bureau or the Chief’s designee and State Adjutant Generals or their designees for the purpose of supporting members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces and the spouses of veterans and members of a re-serve component of the Armed Forces.’’. 
Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the committee-reported amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. CORNYN. I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question is on the passage of the bill. The bill (S. 3561), as amended, was passed as follows: 
S. 3561 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.013 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7334 December 6, 2018 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Guard and Reserve Entrepreneurship Sup-port Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF LOAN ASSISTANCE AND DEFERRAL ELIGIBILITY TO RESERV-ISTS BEYOND PERIODS OF MILITARY CONFLICT. 
(a) S MALL BUSINESS ACTAMENDMENTS .— Section 7 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking clause (ii); (ii) by redesignating clause (i) as clause (ii); (iii) by inserting before clause (ii), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(i) the term ‘active service’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code;’’; and (iv) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘being ordered to active military duty during a pe-riod of military conflict’’ and inserting ‘‘being ordered to perform active service for a period of more than 30 consecutive days’’; (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’; and (D) in subparagraph (G)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘active duty’’ and inserting ‘‘active service’’; and (2) in subsection (n)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
CTIVE DUTY’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTIVE SERV-
ICE’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraph (C); (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively; (iii) by inserting before subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(A) A
CTIVE SERVICE .—The term ‘active service’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code.’’; (iv) in subparagraph (B), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘ordered to active duty during a period of military conflict’’ and in-serting ‘‘ordered to perform active service for a period of more than 30 consecutive days’’; and (v) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘active duty’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘active service’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by subsection (a)(1) shall apply to an eco-nomic injury suffered or likely to be suffered as the result of an essential employee being ordered to perform active service (as defined in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code) for a period of more than 30 consecu-tive days who is discharged or released from such active service on or after the date of en-actment of this Act. (c) S
EMIANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and semiannually thereafter, the Presi-dent shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on the number of loans made under the Military Re-servist Economic Injury Disaster Loan pro-gram and the dollar volume of those loans. The report shall contain the subsidy rate of the disaster loan program as authorized under section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)) with the loans made under the Military Reservist Economic Injury Dis-aster Loan program and without those loans included. (d) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 8(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(l)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Administration’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administration’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 7(n)(1))’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF PERIOD OF MILITARY CON -
FLICT .—In this subsection, the term ‘period of military conflict’ means— ‘‘(A) a period of war declared by the Con-gress; ‘‘(B) a period of national emergency de-clared by the Congress or by the President; or ‘‘(C) a period of a contingency operation, as defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE DEPLOY-MENT SUPPORT AND BUSINESS TRAINING PROGRAM. 
(a) E XPANSION OF SMALL BUSINESS ADMINIS -
TRATION OUTREACH PROGRAMS .—Section 8(b)(17) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(17)) is amended by striking ‘‘and mem-bers of a reserve component of the Armed Forces’’ and inserting ‘‘members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces, and the spouses of veterans and members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—Section 32 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657b) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE DE-
PLOYMENT SUPPORT AND BUSINESS TRAIN-
ING.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In making grants carried out under section 8(b)(17), the Associate Ad-ministrator shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘National Guard and Reserve Deployment Support and Business Training Program’, to provide training, counseling and other assistance to support members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces and their spouses. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out this subsection, the Associate Administrator may— ‘‘(A) modify programs and resources made available through section 8(b)(17) to provide pre-deployment and other information spe-cific to members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces and their spouses; ‘‘(B) collaborate with the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau or the Chief’s designee, State Adjutant Generals or their designees, and other public and private partners; and ‘‘(C) provide training, information, and other resources to the Chief of the National Guard Bureau or the Chief’s designee and State Adjutant Generals or their designees for the purpose of supporting members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces and the spouses of veterans and members of a re-serve component of the Armed Forces.’’. 
Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VETERANS SMALL BUSINESS ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of Calendar No. 633, S. 2679. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2679) to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to veteran-owned small businesses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the committee-reported sub-stitute amendment be agreed to, and that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to as follows: 
S. 2679 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Small Business Enhancement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ACCESS TO SURPLUS PROPERTY FOR VET-ERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES. 
Section 32 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657b) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) A
CCESS TO SURPLUS PROPERTY FOR VET-
ERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘foreign excess property’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘state agency’ has the meaning given the term, including the roles and respon-sibilities assigned, in section 549 of title 40, United States Code. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Administrator of General Services, shall provide access to and manage the distribution of surplus property, and foreign ex-cess property returned to a State for handling as surplus property, owned by the United States under chapter 7 of title 40, United States Code, to small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans (as verified by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs under section 8127 of title 38, United States Code) pursuant to a memorandum of agreement between the Administrator, the Administrator of General Services, and the head of the applicable state agency for surplus prop-erties and in accordance with section 549 of title 40, United States Code.’’. 
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. CORNYN. I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 2679), as amended, was passed. Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SPURRING BUSINESS IN COMMUNITIES ACT OF 2017 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar 402, H.R. 4111. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.005 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7335 December 6, 2018 
The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4111) to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 to improve the number of small business investment compa-nies in underlicensed States, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. CORNYN. I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (H.R. 4111) was passed. Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, finally, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume executive session to con-sider the McNamee nomination as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oklahoma. 
REMEMBERING GEORGE H .W. BUSH  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, as our Nation paused just for a little while this week to remember the 41st President of the United States and to honor his legacy and his life, I think it is important that we also pause here in the Senate Chamber, and, quite frank-ly, I bring that same sense of respect from my State of Oklahoma. President Bush was widely known as our President. Quite frankly, one of the legacies I think he will leave the long-est tale on is his commitment to faith and family. His compassion for people ran throughout his lifetime. The conversation during the funeral yesterday in Washington, DC—and it is happening right now in Houston—cen-tered significantly around his relation-ship with his beautiful wife Barbara. Seventy-three years of marriage is quite a legacy, and it is rare in Amer-ica. It was a gift to America to see that kind of example set in front of us; it is that kind of commitment to their fam-ily and to each other. They met each other at a dance in Greenwich, CT, in 1941, when he was a 17-year-old high school senior and she was 16, and they went out to dance to-gether with Glenn Miller songs play-ing. Tell me that is not a throwback to a different time and a different age. They were engaged in 1943 at the height of the war. During that same time period, he was engaged in working with the United States to protect our country during World War II. He served as one of the youngest fighter pilots— the youngest during that time period. Some of his letters have survived, and much has been said about what a prolific, personal writer President Bush was in his own life. The letters he wrote to Barbara during that 1943 time period have survived, including a letter he wrote to her on December 12, 1943, when they were still engaged. He said: My darling . . . Bar, you have made my life full of everything I could ever dream of—my complete happiness should be a token of my love for you. 
Who writes like that, other than a man who is a great personal example to the Nation? They were married on January 6, 1945, and had six children. They were the longest married Presidential cou-ple, married 73 years. In 1994, Barbara Bush described herself and her husband in her memoirs as ‘‘the two luckiest people in the world, and when all the dust is settled and all the crowds are gone, the things that matter are faith, family and friends. We have been inor-dinately blessed, and we know that.’’ In 1994, that same year—he is still writing her decades later—he wrote her on their anniversary with this note: 
Will you marry me? Oops, I forgot you did that 49 years ago today. I was very happy on that day in 1945. I’m even happier today. You’ve given me joy that few men know. I’ve climbed perhaps the highest mountain in the world, but even that cannot hold a candle to being Barbara’s husband. 
Their love story didn’t come without some challenges, though. Barbara was open about her struggle with depres-sion in the 1970s. She described those times, saying this: 
Night after night, George held me weeping in his arms while I tried to explain my feel-ings. I almost wonder why he didn’t leave me. 
But he didn’t. In 1953, their daughter Robin died of leukemia before her fourth birthday. The family struggled significantly with that. In fact, even President Bush 43 referenced it yesterday at the funeral here in Washington, DC, but George Bush wrote about it during that time period as well. He wrote about the loss of their daughter Robin, who died at 3 years old. He wrote to Barbara: 
There is about our house a need. . . . We need some soft blond hair to offset those crew cuts. We need a doll house to stand firm against our forts and racquets and thousand baseball cards. We need someone who’s afraid of frogs. . . . We need a little one who can kiss without leaving an egg or jam or gum. We need a girl. We had one once—she’d fight and cry and play and make her way, just like the rest. But there was about her a certain softness. She was patient—her hugs were just a lit-tle less wiggly. But she is still with us. We need her and yet we have her. We can’t touch her, and yet we can feel her. We hope she’ll stay in our house for a long, long time. In 1953, even in times of personal struggle, their love for each other and their tenacious compassion and passion for their family carried them through. George Bush was at his wife’s side when she died earlier this year, on April 12, at age 92. On George Bush’s 18th birthday, he enlisted in the Armed Forces. As I mentioned before, he was the youngest pilot in the Navy when he received his wings. He flew 58 combat missions dur-ing World War II. He served two terms as a Representa-tive to Congress from Texas and ran unsuccessfully for the Senate—though his dad’s desk, when he was in the Sen-ate, was right there when he was a U.S. Senator. President Bush served as the Chief Diplomatic Envoy in China, even be-fore the United States had formally opened the official Beijing Embassy. He became the 11th Director of the Central Intelligence Agency—which was, at that time, called the DCI—from 1976 to 1977. He is the only President who previously held that position. In-teresting enough, many people don’t know that the CIA headquarters in Langley are actually named for Presi-dent Bush and have been that way for a long time. It was an interesting season when he was the leader of the CIA in the 1970s. There was a lot of mistrust between U.S. citizens and Central Intelligence. At that time, President Bush did some-thing exceptional as the Director of Central Intelligence. He actually pro-vided transparency—a radical idea— where he would come to the Hill and invite Members of the House and the Senate to his house, and they would have informal dinners to talk about what they were doing. He came to the Hill 51 times to testify before the House and the Senate, a record that is still unsurpassed by any Director of National Intelligence. It is a remark-able record of transparency and of lead-ership. In 1980, he campaigned for the Presi-dency but lost. Then he was tapped by the President he lost to in the primary, a gentleman named Ronald Reagan, to be his Vice President. Interestingly enough, at 50 years old, which I am today, the first President I really re-member watching was President Reagan—and Vice President Bush—to see how they handled things. It was re-markable leadership during that time period. In 1988, he won the Republican nomi-nation for President and then became President—the first President I ever had the opportunity to vote for. At that time, I was 20 years old. So for my first time ever to vote for President, I had the privilege to vote for President Bush and the honor to sit in the Cathe-dral yesterday to recognize his life. He was a remarkable President for being a one-term President—pushing back the Sandinistas who were rav-aging Nicaragua; transitioning Europe out of the Cold War; finishing the Cold 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.017 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7336 December 6, 2018 
War without a shot being fired; uni-fying Germany when most of Europe, as the Soviet Union fell and the Berlin Wall fell after Reagan’s famous ‘‘Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall’’—the wall didn’t actually come down at that moment; it came down during the Bush administration, as they led Germany out of that and then into unification, even though most of Europe did not want a unified Germany, remembering still what a unified Germany did dur-ing World War II. He led through that. He led, as President, Americans to start thinking about other Americans in a new way, to stop saying so much that the government should provide for every issue, though the government has a role. But he pushed back on something he called the ‘‘thousand points of light’’ and challenged Ameri-cans to take care of their neighbors in their neighborhoods and for us not to look toward Washington, DC, to solve each problem but for nonprofits and communities and churches and the en-gagement of neighbor to neighbor to be able to turn around a nation. It was a remarkable calling for us to be called to each other. In 1992, he lost his bid for reelection. But it is interesting that in his speech, just after he lost the election, he made this statement: 
I hope history will record that the Bush ad-ministration has served America well. I am proud of my Cabinet and my staff. America has led the world through an age of global transition; we’ve made the world safer for our kids. And I believe the real fruits of our global victory are yet to be tasted. 
If he were seated here today, I would tell him: We are still tasting the fruits of that freedom. He made this statement, as well, at the same time: 
Ours is a nation that has shed the blood of war and cried the tears of depression. We have stretched the limits of human imagina-tion and seen the technologically miraculous become almost mundane. Always, always, our advantage has been our spirit, a constant confidence, a sense that in America the only things not yet accomplished are the things that have not yet been tried. 
Then he said this: 
President-elect Clinton needs all Ameri-cans to unite behind him so he can move our nation forward. But, more than that, he will need to draw upon this unique American spirit. 
Multiple individuals have recently referenced the letter that President Bush left for President Clinton on the desk in the Oval Office so that when the transition occurred, President Clin-ton would walk into his new office in 1993 and see this letter that ends with this statement, dated January 20, 1993. It is a long note, but it ends with this handwritten statement: 
You will be our President when you read this note. 
And he underlined the word ‘‘our.’’ 
I wish you well. I wish your family well. Your success is now our country’s success. I am rooting hard for you. 
That is a pretty remarkable state-ment for someone who had just been beaten in the campaign to then turn as an American leader and say: America still continues, and we are rooting for your success. He left office and continued to serve, continued to press the ‘‘thousand points of light,’’ continued to encour-age people to serve their neighbors and to serve each other, and he continued to love his beautiful Barbara. He celebrated watching his kids get elected to office, including President of the United States, but he continued to be who he was—a gentle, compas-sionate, faith-filled person, who wanted the best for our Nation. He showed us how to lose gracefully and not make enemies of our adver-saries, and he turned political foes into lasting friends. Interestingly enough, on June 12 of this year, on his 94th birthday, he wrote a note again to some friends. In that note he wrote earlier this year, he said: I am truly touched and overwhelmed by all the messages I have received today. And al-though I have seen them all, I can no longer answer them all. My 94-year-old hands would rebel. Just know I appreciated hearing from you. As many of you know, for years I have said the three most important things in life are faith, family, and friends. My faith has never been stronger. I am blessed with the world’s most loving family. And thanks to you, I feel the love of the best friends a man ever had. My heart is full on this first day of my 95th year. 
As I walked out of the funeral yester-day, I turned to the person next to me and said: I think that is the first polit-ical funeral or event I have ever been to where I have been able to honor a life where Jesus got equal time. At a lot of funerals, it is all about them. President Bush shaped a funeral where it was as much about his rela-tionship with God as it was about his history and legacy. It is a remarkable reminder of a man who prioritized, as he said, his faith, his family, and his friends, and it sets an example for the Nation. He was around Oklahoma a lot, as well. He popped in and out. He spoke at Oklahoma State University at gradua-tion while he was President. In fact, he made a famous comment about stop-ping in at Eskimo Joe’s, a local res-taurant there, and he endorsed the cheese fries in front of thousands of people and across the Nation. He stopped in at a different time at Cattlemen’s restaurant in Oklahoma City. He popped in and ate a great steak. He said: If you are ever in Okla-homa, stop in at Cattlemen’s. Folks at Cattlemen’s still talk about the time President Bush showed up and had a steak. He met everybody in the res-taurant, and he even went into the kitchen and met all the cooks. The folks still remember it well. He stopped in at Enid with Don Nick-les. In fact, Don Nickles, my prede-cessor Senator, tells the story that he went to Maine at one point, when he was the whip in the Senate, to have a briefing with President Bush and a small group at his place in Maine. While he was there, the President of-fered to take him on a quick boat ride to be able to get over, and President Bush was notorious for his speedboat, in which he put people and just rammed the throttle full speed in take-off, because his boat could go faster than the Secret Service boat that was following them, and he loved to be able to outrun them and take off. Even after his retirement as Presi-dent, there is the story from one of our staff members who writes about a friend who was a student at Texas A&M University, where the President had his library. He tells the story of this 20- year-old student named Michael, who is serving as a personal aide to the Bush Foundation and how one day in the morning President Bush walked up to this 20-year-old who was working there and said: Are you hungry? To which he replied: I am always hungry. President Bush took him to lunch that day. This was in 2004. The two of them sat, and the President peppered him with questions about his family, about his background, and about his siblings. Michael got to call his family later that day and say: Hey, I just had lunch with the President. What was interesting is Michael’s statement, which was this: President Bush made me feel like I was the Presi-dent. May it be said of all of us: No matter what our title is, no matter what our position is, no matter what our place is, at the end of our life, we would still be talking about our faith, our family, and our friends—that for every person around us, we expect compassion and gratitude for them and to set a good example for them. May it be in our po-litical discourse, and may it be in our homes and our communities. With that, I yield the floor. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BERNARD L. M
CNAMEE Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, President Trump has nominated Ber-nard McNamee to be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion, FERC. FERC is an independent agency that regulates the interstate transmission of electricity, natural gas, and oil. FERC also reviews proposals to build liquefied natural gas, LNG, terminals and interstate natural gas pipelines, as well as licensing hydropower projects. Historically, FERC has been inde-pendent and nonpartisan. I am con-cerned that, if confirmed, Mr. McNamee would threaten the non-partisan independence of FERC. Mr. McNamee has a long-standing history of being an opponent of clean energy and led Texas’s efforts to chal-lenge the Obama administration’s Clean Power Plan. In remarks before the Texas Public Policy Foundation, TPPF, and spon-sored by Koch Industries in February 2018, Mr. McNamee said fossil fuels are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.019 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7337 December 6, 2018 
‘‘key to our way of life,’’ but renewable energy ‘‘screws up the whole physics of the grid.’’ He also portrayed industry lawsuits with environmental groups as a ‘‘constant battle between liberty and tyranny.’’ While at the Department of Energy, Mr. McNamee was a key player in the agency’s failed attempt to bail out the coal industry and upend wholesale en-ergy markets. Furthermore, I am very concerned that Mr. McNamee will take us back-wards in the fight to combat climate change. Just recently, the Trump ad-ministration tried to bury the release of the Fourth National Climate Assess-ment report and its alarming statistics on the realities of climate change. The report found that annual average tem-peratures in the United States are pro-jected to continue to increase in the coming decades and that human health and safety, our quality of life, and the rate of economic growth in commu-nities across the U.S. are increasingly vulnerable to the impacts of climate change. In my home State of Maryland, the report found that one of Mary-land’s crown jewels, the Chesapeake Bay, will experience stronger and more frequent storms, an increase in heavy precipitation events, increasing bay water temperatures, and a rise in sea level. FERC’s independence is critical to its mission, and Mr. McNamee, if con-firmed, would be a significant depar-ture from that. His history as being a supporter of the fossil fuel industry, an opponent of clean energy, and an opponent of progress to combat climate change are alarming. I oppose his nomination to be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC. Mr. LANKFORD. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 30, 2020? Mr. RISCH. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote. The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 49, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 254 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Tillis 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
MAKING FURTHER CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.J. Res. 143. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 143) making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to proceeding to the meas-ure? There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the joint resolu-tion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the joint resolution be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The joint resolution was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the joint resolution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 143) was passed. Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will re-port. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protection for a term of five years. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, on November 23 of this year, we had re-lease of the Fourth National Climate Assessment, which is required to be re-leased under the Global Change Re-search Act that was passed by Congress in 1990. This climate assessment is put to-gether by 300 experts, guided by a 60- member Federal advisory committee, including 13 Federal Agencies. They rely heavily on the panel from the Na-tional Academy of Sciences. My point is, this is the best scientific informa-tion we have as to the risks of climate change. The Fourth National Climate Assessment, Volume 2, was issued on November 23, 2018. Its conclusions should be sobering to all of us; that humans are responsible for the current climate crisis and that we must take responsibility to mini-mize future destruction. Four years earlier, the first volume of the Fourth National Climate Assess-ment was issued, and its prediction was that we would see increased instances of flooding, wildfires, and higher tem-peratures. Unfortunately, that has come to pass, as we have experienced this year and in the last several years an unusually large number of flooding episodes, wildfires that we have just experienced, and higher temperatures. The findings make two critical asser-tions in regard to how it will affect our lifestyle. First, it said climate change is a growing risk to the danger of human health. By human health dan-ger, you can look at the direct impact of climate change—those whose lives have been forever changed as a result of storms or as a result of flooding or as a result of wildfires or as a result of sea level rising. We know many people have lost their lives, and their lives have been compromised as a result of the reality of the new current weather conditions. It also affects the safe supply of water—clean drinking water is very much impacted by what is happening with climate change—and sea level rises and the spread of diseases, from people who are suffering from asthma to the spread of West Nile disease, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.006 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7338 December 6, 2018 
many other examples of how climate change is accelerating those types of conditions which have a major impact on human health. The report then indicated that, yes, it directly affects the health of the people of our country and the globe, but it also has a direct economic im-pact. The damage affects, in a negative way, the rate of our economic growth. I will give you many examples why. Take a look at infrastructure damage. We recognize that the bridges and the highways in this country—our infra-structure—were not designed and con-structed with the realities of the weather conditions we are now experi-encing. As a result of much heavier damage that we have to deal with, ad-aptations and changes, that affects the resources we have to devote to the new realities of our infrastructure. Coastal communities have been put at direct risk. First of all, I have seen coastal communities shrink because of the loss of shoreline. We know the risk factor for coastal communities affects their economic growth. They have to deal with the cost of adaptation. That devotes revenues that could be used for other purposes. In addition, we have seen the eco-nomic challenges to agriculture and the sustainability of agriculture. In many parts of the world, the realities of climate change have taken away their traditional livelihoods and sus-tainability of agricultural products. We are also seeing a direct impact the climate is having on tourism, which, for many communities, is a large part of their economic activity. The report estimates that the gross domestic product of this country could be adversely affected by as much as 10 percent. That is a major hit on our eco-nomic progress. The United Nations Intergovern-mental Panel on Climate Change issued a report in October 2018. That report indicated that by 2030, the eco-nomic damage as a result of climate change could reach $54 trillion—that is trillion with a ‘‘t.’’ This is an economic crisis we must address. We cannot ig-nore it. We must deal with it. The good news is, mitigation and ad-aptation policies work. They work. We can mitigate the causes of climate change by our activities here on Earth. We can adapt to some of the realities of the new weather conditions, but we are not doing it at a scale necessary today to avoid substantial damage to human health and our economy. We have to step up our game dramatically. It disproportionately impacts the poor. The poor don’t have the resources in order to adapt or move or to deal as other people have. They are trapped in more vulnerable communities, and they suffer more as a result of it. We could talk about every one of our States that are impacted by this. In my State of Maryland, I have taken the floor to explain that Ellicott City— a wonderful community in Howard County, MD, that has what I call Main Street, which reminds you of Main Street America—has had two 1,000-year floods in 20 months. These floods are unprecedented because normally the flooding conditions are as a result of the rising of the river next to Ellicott City, but these were floods caused by the increased amount of rainfall in a short period of time that could not be handled in its runoff, causing extreme damage. They have had two 1,000-year floods in 20 months. We have flooding in Annapolis, which should be a concern to not only the people of Maryland but to our Nation because of the importance that Annap-olis plays to our national security be-cause of the Naval Academy. The same could be said in Virginia, where there is a significant challenge to our future military facilities as a result of their coastal locations. In Baltimore City, we have had 25 heat-related deaths in 2018. That is three times more than we saw in 2017. There is no question that this affects Maryland, that it affects every State in this Nation. This is an American issue and a global issue. There is a path forward. There is a path forward that is not terribly dif-ficult for us to embrace because it will not only help us deal with climate change and the environment, but it will mean a better economic future for us, and it is using energy sources that are plentiful, meaning that there is a security advantage by doing the right thing for our environment and our economy. Green energy, conservation effi-ciencies, all are activities that can help reduce greenhouse gas emissions and carbon emissions. It can mitigate the damage. It will create more jobs. With green energy, there are more jobs than there are in the fossil fuel in-dustry. It is less dependent. Fossil fuel is good for our national security, since there is an abundance of the green en-ergy sources here in America and with our allies around the world. In my own State, we have taken ac-tions to reduce carbon emissions. We have been effective in doing that, and it has been a plus for our economy. What we need is U.S. leadership. We saw that in 2015. I was proud to be part of a 10–Member Senate delegation that went to Paris as we entered into a global agreement to deal with our re-sponsibilities to change the trajectory for climate change. The U.S. role in Paris was critical to get all the nations of the world to-gether with realistic strategies to re-duce our carbon emissions. I say that knowing full well that COP24 is meet-ing, as we are meeting here, in Poland. This is a convention whose attention is going to be to finalize the Paris Agree-ment Work Program—a rule book of guidelines, procedures, and rules need-ed to turn the Paris Agreement into a working system. Every country made commitments in Paris. We now need to make sure that those commitments are carried out. Shortly before the convening of COP24 in Poland, the G20 met in our hemisphere, as I think everyone is fa-miliar with—these are the economic powers of the world, all the major economies of the world—and they re-affirmed their commitment to Paris. The world economic powers did that. Now, what is happening in Poland and what happened in G20—every coun-try participated, except one. The G20 was actually G19 and their commit-ment to implement the powers agree-ment—the United States, through the Trump administration, did not join. Of course, in Poland right now, the United States is not an active participant, since President Trump announced that we would withdraw from the conven-tion on climate change known as COP. That is not leadership. The world will always be better off with America in leadership, and we are missing that leadership. So my plea is that we need to step up. This should not be a partisan issue. Climate change should not be a par-tisan issue. It is a human rights issue; it is a human issue; it is a health issue; it is an economic issue. We need to re-store the U.S. leadership on this mat-ter. We can do that through our Tax Code. We can do that through renew-able energy legislation, by increasing the CAFE standards, by dealing with clean air standards. If U.S. leadership is not going to come from the White House, let the U.S. Senate exercise that leadership and show the inter-national community that we under-stand our responsibility and the risk factors to our health and to the econ-omy. The National Climate Assessment and the activities of G20 and COP24 should motivate us to action on behalf of the health and welfare of the Amer-ican community and our global neigh-bors. I urge our colleagues to get en-gaged in leadership on this issue. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana (Mr. S
ASSE). 
TRIBUTE TO HANNAH NIESKENS  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week, I have the honor of recognizing Hannah Nieskens of Jefferson County for her tremendous service to Montana veterans and her great impact on Mon-tana’s educational system. Hannah grew up spending time in Montana with her family and then was awarded the Presidential Scholarship to attend Montana State University in Bozeman. After graduating with honors from MSU, Hannah began her career of education in the Billings School Dis-trict. During her 4 years in Billings, she met her now-husband Kelly, who served in the Army, and they fell in love. Han-nah and Kelly now have three chil-dren—two daughters, Charity and Hope, and their adopted son Joshua. Joshua is currently serving overseas in the Air Force. Hannah has a distinguished career in education. She has served her commu-nity as a teacher in Billings, the dean 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.026 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7339 December 6, 2018 
of Wolf Point High School, and the principal at Northside Elementary School. Now she is the 6–12 principal in Whitehall. Last year, Hannah was named Mon-tana Principal of the Year, and now Hannah is one of three finalists for the 2019 National Principal of the Year. In addition to Hannah’s career de-voted to education, Hannah has a pas-sion for serving Montana veterans. After Kelly was severely wounded while serving in Iraq, Hannah began volunteering to help other veterans in the community navigate the VA. Han-nah even earned a law degree to be bet-ter prepared to assist Kelly and other veterans struggling with the VA. Hannah currently serves as the Mon-tana Dole Fellow, where she advocates on behalf of Montana’s military fami-lies. She has great pride in calling Montana home, and we are lucky to have her. She has made a lasting impact on her community and the entire State, both through her service to our veterans and by shaping our future generations in the school system. I congratulate Hannah on all of her success and look forward to seeing all that she will accomplish for Montana in the future. 
TANF  
Mr. President, once widely viewed as successful, our Nation’s primary wel-fare-to-work program is now broken. It will soon expire. I rise to highlight my efforts to get it working again. The Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Program—it is also called TANF—was created with bipartisan support back in 1996. In fact, at its core, it recognized that finding and maintaining a job is the most effective way for healthy, working-age parents to go from government dependency to self-sufficiency. After TANF became law, welfare caseloads plummeted, child poverty de-clined, and employment among low-in-come, never-married parents went up. As we debate modernizing the TANF Program, we should not forget the doom and the gloom predicted by some liberals when the original 1996 reforms were debated. Perhaps most famously, our former colleague, Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, predicted that TANF would result ‘‘in children sleep-ing on grates, picked up in the morning frozen.’’ Let me tell you something: Those critics were wrong—very wrong. Yet more than 20 years after the his-toric 1996 reforms, we should be clear- eyed that the TANF Program suffers from neglect and loopholes, both of which are undercutting its funda-mental work requirements. Today, very few States are meeting the work participation rate that is re-quired by law. My State of Montana is one of the many that is falling short. The law calls for 50 percent of welfare enrollees to be engaged in work. In Montana, they are reaching only one- third. In addition, many States are using TANF dollars for purposes unrelated to work, and the program lacks the trans-parency and the accountability metrics that are critical to its success. Because of these shortfalls, too many low-in-come parents are not finding sustain-able jobs, and too many children are at high risk of suffering the hardships of poverty. Part of the problem is that TANF has been significantly reformed only once since President Clinton signed it into law. In 2006, Congress reauthorized and strengthened the program, thanks to the hard work of then-Finance Com-mittee Chairman CHUCK GRASSLEY and his Republican counterparts in the House. Since its expiration in 2010, however, TANF has received a whop-ping—this is so DC—24 short-term re-authorizations. Talk about kicking the can down the road. Efforts to address the persisting concerns about the pro-gram have not crossed the finish line. This must change. For starters, revitalizing TANF is important to sustaining our most ro-bust economy. Right now, there are 7 million job openings that remain un-filled—7 million job openings that are unfilled. The good news is that employ-ers across our country are clearly look-ing to hire, jobs are being created, and the economy is strong. But as my good friend, House Ways and Means Com-mittee Chairman K
EVIN BRADY , has said: ‘‘We have gone from a country asking, ‘Where are the jobs?’ to one asking, ‘Where are the workers?’’’ A big part of the answer is that mil-lions of able-bodied, working-age Americans are completely on the side-lines. A strong, revitalized TANF Pro-gram is urgently needed to close this jobs gap and empower more Americans to find work. This is exactly what my bill, the JOBS Act, would do. Building on legislation that passed the Ways and Means Committee earlier this year in the House, the JOBS Act demands positive work outcomes rath-er than simply meeting ineffective par-ticipation rules. It requires States to engage with every work-eligible indi-vidual and establish a plan that will re-sult in a sustainable job. It holds States accountable for their work out-comes, not activities—we are talking about outcomes, about results—and it bolsters the transparency of every State’s performance. It doesn’t just demand work; it en-ables work. It substantially increases funding for childcare services that would be essential to holding a job. It provides struggling beneficiaries with additional time to get the mental health or substance abuse treatment they need before holding a job and making that a realistic goal. It adds apprenticeship as a permissible work activity, alongside job training, get-ting more education, and building job readiness skills. My bill targets funds to truly needy families by capping participation to families with incomes below 200 per-cent of the Federal poverty level. The JOBS Act is built on the recogni-tion that there is dignity in work. A job can start low-income parents down the path toward achieving lifelong dreams. A job can create opportunities that are simply out of reach without one. A job can be the springboard to higher wages and upward mobility. A job can rescue young children from the challenges of poverty and despair. In short, finding sustainable work can create better lives for low-income par-ents and children alike. Last, my bill extends marriage pro-motion and fatherhood initiatives be-cause healthy, intact families are also part of the solution. There are approximately 4,000 fami-lies in Montana who are currently on TANF. Over 90 percent of them are from single-parent or zero-parent homes. I cannot speak more highly of the single families and the extended family members who are tirelessly taking care of their children on TANF. But we should continue to encourage vol-untary participation in local marriage support programs; we should continue to encourage fathers to step forward and be the men that their children strongly need. The reason is simple: Healthy families remain the bedrock to strong communities and a flourishing society. The JOBS Act equips and empowers low-income families toward a better fu-ture. I urge my colleagues to reclaim the bipartisanship that created historic re-forms a generation ago and support this important legislation to make our largest welfare-to-work program actu-ally work again. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
RIGHT REBATE ACT OF 2018  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today I raise an important issue for my colleagues that impacts many families in Iowa but also throughout the coun-try. You hear it everywhere. It is about high prescription drug costs. I am not going to address that issue across the board, but I am going to do it in a nar-row way for one part of it. One contributing factor that has played a part in how much money the government and taxpayers pay for some drugs is a government program called the Medicaid Drug Rebate Pro-gram. On Tuesday I introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator W
YDEN of Or-egon. The bill, called the Right Rebate Act of 2018, would close a loophole in that program that causes the problem I am addressing. As a condition for participation in the Medicaid Program, drug companies must pay a rebate—or some people might call it a discount—to the Fed-eral Government and to the various States for the drugs they offer. Gen-erally speaking, the rebate dollar amount is less for a generic drug than for a brand-name drug. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.027 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7340 December 6, 2018 
The rebate program hasn’t worked as designed. Some drug companies have been able to game the system to boost their bottom line, and they do so at taxpayers’ expense. Some drug compa-nies have paid smaller rebates to the government. When that happens, that means taxpayers are footing a bigger burden. One example, in particular, high-lights the main issues we aim to solve with this legislation. During the Obama administration—it could have been a Republican adminis-tration as well—because of the prob-lems in this program, Iowans regularly contacted me by phone, email, and at my annual 99 county meetings about the difficulties they faced paying the rapidly rising prices of EpiPen. EpiPen is an emergency medicine used to treat severe, life-threatening allergic reac-tions. EpiPen is distributed by a com-pany called Mylan. In 2007 a pack of two EpiPens cost $100. By 2016, the cost of that two-pack of EpiPens exploded to more than $600. That is a very sub-stantial price increase. Nobody is going to argue with that. Many would argue that it is an unjustified price increase, especially considering the gut punch to taxpayers who foot the lions’ share of the Medicaid bill for families. They happen to be families in need. I lis-tened to the concerns of my constitu-ents and began an investigation about how the drug rebate program was working. In a nutshell, Mylan had classified the EpiPen as a generic drug in the Medicaid Program, when it should have been classified as a brand drug. That means Mylan misclassified EpiPen, and CMS let it happen. Because of this incorrect classifica-tion, Mylan paid a much smaller rebate than it should have. I asked the Health and Human Services inspector general to look into these classification prac-tices. The inspector general found that taxpayers may have overpaid for the EpiPen by as much as $1.3 billion over 10 years because of the incorrect classi-fication. Eventually, Mylan settled a False Claims Act case with the Justice Department for $465 million. Now, don’t ask me why the Justice Department didn’t go after the other probably $700 million. I don’t know, and I haven’t found out why, but upon learning of that settlement, I expressed my disappointment that it didn’t seem that taxpayers had been made whole. That is quite obvious, right? We shouldn’t have had to depend on lawyers and lawsuits to get the tax-payers’ money back. This deception should never have happened in the first place. That is common sense. Govern-ment Agencies should have, as an ini-tial matter, been responsibly over-seeing the programs they are in charge of. Because of insufficient attention to the problem by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services—or CMS, as I have been using—Mylan escaped ac-countability for a long period of time, costing taxpayers hundreds of mil-lions—eventually billions—of dollars. But it is not just Mylan, and it is not just EpiPen. In a December 2017 report, the inspector general found that 885 drugs may have been potentially misclassified. Specifically, the inspec-tor general found that, from 2012 to 2016, Medicaid may have lost $1.30 bil-lion in rebates for 10 potentially misclassified drugs with the highest total reimbursement. So where do we go from here? It is clear that the law must change to pro-vide clarity. So let’s establish clear lines of authority to hold the govern-ment bureaucracy and also the private sector accountable. Taxpayers demand and deserve accountability. Simply said, accountability will bring cost sav-ings. The Right Rebate Act, which Senator W
YDEN and I introduced, will shut down this loophole used by drug com-panies. This legislation will prevent the misclassification of drugs in the first place and protect taxpayer dol-lars. It does this by requiring CMS to enforce penalties on drug companies that knowingly misclassify drugs in the Medicaid Program. The legislation also provides rem-edies for States that are shortchanged by drug companies. It requires an an-nual report to Congress by CMS to make sure the Agency is doing all it can to protect taxpayer dollars and to keep drug expenditures down. This is commonsense legislation. It would close a loophole used by drug companies to keep prices artificially high—much higher than they should be—and it grants the Secretary of HHS the authority to properly enforce the law. The Right Rebate Act is only one step in the fight against high prescrip-tion drug costs, but it is the right step, and there are a lot of other steps that must be taken. I look forward to work-ing with Senator W
YDEN in the 116th Congress on many issues important to Americans, including the high cost of prescription drugs. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ROBERT MUELLER  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about not the Mueller in-vestigation as much as I want to talk about Robert Mueller himself because of the substantial responsibility that he has, and I think it is important for us to remind ourselves, as well as to re-mind our country, about his service at a time when he has often been attacked by folks in Washington. When I think of an individual like Robert Mueller, I think of two words: ‘‘public service’’—or maybe just one word: ‘‘service.’’ He was inspired, as many people know, to become a marine by one of his friends from the college lacrosse team he was on. This man’s name was David Hackett, and he later died on the battlefield of Vietnam. Mr. Mueller said in a speech: One would have thought that the life of a Marine, and David’s death in Vietnam, would argue strongly against following in his foot-steps. But many of us saw in him the person we wanted to be. And a number of his friends, teammates, and associates joined the Marine Corps because of him, as did I. 
So said Robert Mueller about his friend David Hackett. To paraphrase the words of President Kennedy, Robert Mueller didn’t join the Marine Corps because it was easy; he joined because it was hard. While many of his peers were seeking to avoid the horrors of the Vietnam con-flict and the combat in Vietnam, Rob-ert Mueller volunteered to face those horrors. That sense of duty is the es-sence of public service. Robert Mueller enlisted in the Ma-rines just a few weeks after graduating from Princeton in 1966 and went through the demanding programs of the Army’s Ranger School and Air-borne School. He then spent a year in combat on the ground in the jungles of Vietnam, leading an infantry platoon. The Washington Post described the conditions the regiment faced as a ‘‘hellscape’’ of ‘‘bloody jungle war-fare.’’ It was under these difficult cir-cumstances that Mr. Mueller received the Bronze Star for ‘‘heroic achieve-ment’’ after leading his fellow marines through an 8-hour battle where, under enemy fire, ‘‘Second Lieutenant Mueller fearlessly moved from one po-sition to another, directing the accu-rate counterfire of his men and shout-ing words of encouragement to them. . . . [H]e then skillfully supervised the evacuation of casualties from the haz-ardous fire area.’’ Just 4 months later, he was shot in the leg when he responded to an am-bush by enemy forces. He received the Navy Commendation Medal with a ci-tation praising him for rushing to save his fellow marines while ‘‘completely disregarding his own safety.’’ That sense of serving a cause larger than himself is what led Robert Mueller to enlist in the Marines and what led him later to apply to law school so he could continue serving the country through our system of justice. He served in the U.S. States Attorney’s Offices and the Justice Department for years, working his way up the chain of command and earning a reputation as a dogged and fair prosecutor committed to enforcing the rule of law. In 2001, he was confirmed unani-mously by this body to serve as FBI Di-rector and subsequently led the FBI’s response to the September 11 attacks. In 2011, as his 10-year term was set to end, we in the Senate at that time voted 100 to 0 to extend his term until 2013. Mr. Mueller has not only earned the respect of public officials he has worked with, he has maintained that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.029 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7341 December 6, 2018 
respect throughout decades of public service. There is no one better quali-fied to lead this Russia investigation in terms of intellect, experience, or char-acter than Robert Mueller. A lot of Americans are glad he is leading this effort to find out what happened, how the Russians were able to interfere in our election. Robert Mueller and his team have already produced results, and their work has sent a powerful message to Russia—and to any other foreign or domestic entity that would interfere with our elections—that the United States will not tolerate any at-tack on our democracy. Mr. Mueller’s investigation is critical to our national security, and it must be protected from interference by the President or anyone else. It is now more important than ever that the Senate pass legislation to protect the investigation and Mr. Mueller’s job from interference of any kind. I call on the Senate once again to take a vote on the Special Council Independence and Integrity Act. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote scheduled for 1:45 occur now. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Kraninger nom-ination? Mr. MORAN. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 255 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—1 
Tillis 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid on the table, and the President will be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 1046. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treas-ury. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Jerry Moran, Lisa Murkowski, John Bar-rasso, David Perdue, Ron Johnson, Shelley Moore Capito, John Cornyn, Marco Rubio, Tom Cotton, Steve Daines, Michael B. Enzi, Cindy Hyde- Smith, Lamar Alexander, John Ken-nedy, Deb Fischer. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Tennessee. U.S.-CHINA FENTANYL AGREEMENT  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, there is uncertainty reported in the news about the trade agreements and discussions that the President of the United States and the President of China had last weekend, but one thing is certain: The agreement that Presi-dent Trump and the President of China made last Saturday concerning fentanyl—a deadly synthetic opioid which is mostly produced in China and which is the largest growing contrib-utor to opioid deaths in the United States—will save thousands of Amer-ican lives. Last Saturday evening, President Trump and President Xi announced that China will designate all fentanyl- like substances as controlled sub-stances, which will make the selling of fentanyl subject to the maximum pen-alty under Chinese law. Fentanyl is a synthetic opioid. It can be 100 times stronger than opioid pre-scription pills. It is the source of the greatest increase in opioid overdoses in our country. According to our Drug Enforcement Administration, one way or another, almost all of the fentanyl that is used in the United States comes from China. Here is how: Traffickers in China mod-ify the chemical makeup of fentanyl to bypass the authorities. Scheduling all fentanyl-like substances as a class, which is what President Xi agreed to do, is the single most important step that could be taken to stop the flow of deadly fentanyl from China into the United States. Let me tell you a story about one ac-tion that helped us get to that point. About 4 weeks ago, I led a senior dele-gation of five Senators and two Mem-bers of the House of Representatives to Beijing to meet with Chinese leaders. They, of course, expected us to talk about agriculture, energy, and trade issues, which are sources of major dis-agreement between China and the United States, and we did, but at the urging of the U.S. Ambassador to China, former Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, we made fentanyl and the opioid crisis the primary point of our visit. President Trump had already men-tioned fentanyl to President Xi a few months earlier, and China had already taken steps to help the United States by stemming the flow of fentanyl into our country. China announced that it was controlling 25 different substances of fentanyl. The Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration told us while we were in China 4 weeks ago that after China took those steps, there was a dramatic decrease in the amount of fentanyl available in the United States. In other words, while we were there, we asked China to do more of what it was already doing—instead of control-ling just 25 types of fentanyl, to con-trol it all, make it all illegal. Control-ling all of it allows China’s narcotics agents to go after anyone in China who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.030 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7342 December 6, 2018 
uses or produces fentanyl illegally or improperly. The Chinese officials lis-tened closely to us. They committed to working with us. They made no prom-ises at the time about what they would do, but with each meeting we had, we found they must have talked to whom-ever we had talked to at the previous meeting, and they were responsive. The truth is, I believe they were sur-prised. They were surprised first that we would make that the first point of our discussion when they had assumed that we would likely be there to talk about tariffs on soybeans and other issues. I think they were surprised to be reminded of or to find out for the first time what a massive problem it is in the United States. More people are being killed by opioid overdoses than are killed by automobile accidents, and the fastest growing source of those opioid overdoses is the synthetic stuff coming from China. Some of them were surprised and a little defensive because they did not believe it when we said to them—and I said to them directly that one way or the other, almost all of the fentanyl we see in the United States comes from China. It comes in the form of chemi-cals that are made there in small proc-essing plants. It is shipped to Mexico or to Canada or through the mail, and then it is smuggled into this country illegally. It is often in small plastic bags. It is a white powder. One of the drug enforcement agents from Tennessee told me that once when he had seized just one package of fentanyl in Dixon County, he opened it, and he had to leave the room to keep from being overcome because enough of it escaped into the air that it had an effect on him. Just a few grams of this will kill an individual. When we returned from China after our trip 4 weeks ago, I spoke about that trip on the Senate floor. I said that China had the opportunity to be-come the global leader in stopping syn-thetic opioids. I talked with Ivanka Trump about our trip. She was helping the President prepare for his trip to Argentina, where he saw leaders from many countries. He had his dinner with the President of China last Saturday night. She helped to make sure that it was a priority in his briefings and in his preparation. I talked to the President directly to report to him the good work Ambas-sador Branstad had been doing in China; how 6 months ago, the Ambas-sador had said to me: When you come to China, make this the focus of your visit because the Chinese officials don’t appreciate the importance of this to the United States. China doesn’t have a fentanyl prob-lem. They don’t have people using and overdosing from opioids. At one time, China had a terrible problem with opium, but they don’t today. So I think it was a surprise to them to see how important it was to us. I urged President Trump to thank President Xi when they met at the G20 summit in Argentina for what China had already done and to ask the Chi-nese to continue working with us to stem the flow of fentanyl into the United States. Last Saturday, at the end of the G20 summit, President Trump and Presi-dent Xi announced that China would do exactly what we asked them to do. China will control all forms of fentanyl as a way of stopping the flow of this dangerous synthetic opioid into the United States both by mail and by smuggling through Mexico and Canada. President Trump called this ‘‘a game changer,’’ and he deserves great credit for persuading China to make the sell-ing of fentanyl subject to the max-imum penalty under Chinese law. In 2016, roughly 45 percent of opioid overdose deaths were due to synthetic opioids like fentanyl—nearly half of the deaths. Remember, there are as many deaths from overdoses as there are from automobile accidents. To be clear, this is not a problem the Chinese Government has caused, but it is a problem the Chinese Government is helping us solve. Working with our Drug Enforcement Administration and classifying 25 fentanyl compounds caused an immediate and dramatic de-crease in those chemicals coming into the United States months ago. Now President Xi has agreed to control all forms of fentanyl, which will make it easier for China to go after anyone in their country who uses or produces fentanyl illegally and improperly. Opioid abuse is understood by the Senate and House of Representatives to be our No. 1 health epidemic in the country. While most of the country was watching the Kavanaugh hearings in October of this year, if you had a split-screen television, you could have seen on the other side of the television screen 72 Senators of both parties—5 committees here and 8 committees in the House of Representatives—working together to produce landmark opioid legislation to try to deal with our opioid crisis. Fentanyl, the white powder synthetic opioid, can be 100 times more powerful than an opioid pain pill. A few grams can kill you, which is why we have seen such a spike in overdose deaths. Among drug overdoses, it is the fastest killer. Tennessee saw the number of deaths from fentanyl overdose increase 70 percent in 1 year, between 2016 and 2017. As I mentioned, in the legislation the President signed in October, Congress has taken action. He called that new law ‘‘the single largest bill to combat a drug crisis in the history of our coun-try.’’ Those were his words. In addition to empowering the Food and Drug Administration to require manufacturers to sell certain opioid pills in so-called blister packs and ex-panding treatment and recovery oppor-tunities, the new law contains Senator P
ORTMAN ’s STOP Act, which will help stop illegal drugs, including fentanyl, at the border. It also includes the SALTS Act, which closes a loophole that allowed manufacturers and sellers of synthetic opioids like fentanyl to avoid prosecution by labeling the opioids as ‘‘not intended for human consumption.’’ Congress has also put the taxpayers’ money where our mouth has been. Congress has approved $8.5 billion since last March to combat the opioid crisis. What President Trump and President Xi announced this weekend is the sin-gle most important step that could be taken to stop the flow of deadly fentanyl from China into the United States. I thank Ambassador Branstad, the former Governor of Iowa and now our Ambassador to China, for putting a focus on this, for leading our delega-tion on this specific request, and for setting up the meetings we had with Chinese officials. I also thank the staff members of the U.S. Embassy there for all of their hard work. They were very helpful—Steve Churchill, Rob Fordan, and Richard Jao. I thank, again, the Chinese officials with whom we met. They gave us a lot of time. If it were to be an hour’s dis-cussion, it was an hour and a half. If we started out with fentanyl and it was news to them, they took the time to understand it and talk about it. I thank Premier Li Keqiang, Minister Zhao Kezhi, and Director Yang Jiechi. We saw all of them, which included see-ing the head of narcotics control and the head of the police system in China. I am grateful to the Chinese leaders for listening to our congressional dele-gation and for President Trump and President Xi’s leadership in taking this action. Some have asked since last Saturday: Well, will China do it? Will this make a difference? We know it made a difference before. President Trump asked China to help with fentanyl, and China identified 25 forms of it. Our own Drug Enforcement Agency says that it saw a dramatic de-crease in fentanyl in the United States immediately after that. Now we are asking China to make all forms of fentanyl illegal. That means that the crooks in China can’t say: Well, they have made illegal these 25 forms, but we will modify the chemi-cals enough so that we can create chemicals to send to Mexico, Canada, and then to the United States that are not illegal. That will not be possible once China implements this. Once it implements these rules, I expect the rules to be effective. China does a lot of things well. One thing it knows how to do is to be a good policeman when something is against the law. I would not want to be the person in China who is misusing, abusing, or selling fentanyl illegally after these new rules go into effect. We are asking China only to do what the United States is already doing. We have learned that in order to be effec-tive in controlling fentanyl, we have to control all of it. We have to make all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.033 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7343 December 6, 2018 
it illegal so that our narcotics agen-cies, our drug agencies, and our police-men can deal with it. What about the possibility that even if China does this, fentanyl might be made in other countries? Well, maybe it would, but we could take the same steps there that we are taking in China. This is important in the larger sense. The President of China has listened to the President of the United States, who has said twice to him: Mr. President, fentanyl is a terrible problem in the United States. One way or the other, China is the source of most of the fentanyl that comes here. We believe the single most important thing you could do to help us control that is to make it all illegal. The President of China has said he will do that. That kind of response, as President Trump said, is a humanitarian gesture that, while it doesn’t have to do with trade—it doesn’t mean more soybeans are going to be sold—it helps to de-velop a better relationship between two countries that are not enemies but that are competitors, and we have some big issues we need to work on. There may be uncertainty in the air about some of the agreements that came out of the dinner that the Presi-dent of China and the President of the United States had in Argentina last weekend, but there is no uncertainty about this—that the agreement by China, at President Trump’s request, to make illegal all forms of fentanyl in China, all classes of it, will save thou-sands of lives in the United States. China will go from being the source of the biggest opioid problem that the United States has to the country that is doing the most about it. For that, all Americans should be grateful. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. 
TRIBUTE TO HERB HOLZAPFEL  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I am here this afternoon to congratulate Herb Holzapfel on his retirement as chairman of the Farmers’ Rice Cooper-ative. The Farmers’ Rice Cooperative has a long and distinguished history and an equally long history of influential lead-ers. Herb stands out as one of those leaders—as one of the very best. It may seem a little bit odd for a Kansan to be congratulating a Califor-nian, but in this job as a U.S. Senator and in my earlier days as a Congress-man, as a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives, you have the opportunity to meet lots of wonderful, interesting people. As a person who is so interested in agriculture, I had the opportunity of meeting Herb back in my days in the House of Representatives. He is one of those special people who is a joy to know, and he is someone who has such a strong passion for agriculture, and so we easily connected. His love of agriculture, his engage-ment in the industry, and his work in the industry have improved the lives of farmers and consumers for more than 40 years, including 33 specifically with the Farmers’ Rice Cooperative. Herb is a passionate public servant. His love for public service dates back to his early moments as a boy when he remembers meeting Ronald Reagan. That was an inspiration to Herb. As he was attending the National Scout Jam-boree here in the Nation’s Capital, which marked the beginning of a life of serving others, he had the opportunity to become acquainted with Ronald Reagan. Herb grew up with a sense of duty. He was drafted and served in the Vietnam conflict just 1 year after he married Ginger, his wife. Herb joined the Na-tional Guard in the same year and began farming rice. He was offered a spot in the 1975 warrant officer heli-copter training school, but he had to turn it down in order to get his rice harvested. Herb has always been on the lookout for opportunities to serve other people and has never shied away from hard work. His father would always tell him that in order to make something bet-ter, a person has to be involved. Herb took that message to heart and com-mitted himself to doing things in the right way—to being fully involved. Herb joined the Farmers’ Rice Coop-erative in 1985 and became a board member that same year. In 1998 he was elected chairman of the board and has served in that position since then. For 20 years, Herb has fought for the rice producers and has led and represented them in such a fine fashion. Herb has always focused on finding solutions that will make sure that the next gen-eration of farmers and ranchers is bet-ter off than the last. To accomplish that, he has worked with many Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle. As chairman of the co-op, Herb has spent a significant amount of time in Washington, DC, doing just that—representing agricul-tural producers in the Halls of Con-gress. He is one of the most genuine people I have ever met. If you meet Herb, you will remember Herb. He goes out of his way to build genuine rela-tionships with Members of Congress, and he knows the importance of our staffs. He has become a trusted adviser and a source of wisdom and good advice to many people in Washington, DC. In so many ways, that includes me. There has been no better ambassador for agri-culture, especially for rice, than Herb. It is not uncommon for Herb to take an incoming call from DC while he is on his tractor back at the ranch. Herb’s legacy at the Farmers’ Rice Cooperative is one of his great achieve-ments. He has assisted in the reforming of the cooperative over the past 30 years and has impacted every facet of the company, from dealing with the leadership of the co-op down to the nuts and bolts of the rice mill. He is one who has shown me how rice is grown, which is necessary, because no Kansas farmer knows how to grow rice. His goal has been to leave the company and the industry better than he found it. I will tell you, Herb, you have achieved that goal in spades. As I said earlier, Herb never shies away from hard work. This means he will not be slowing down but only changing directions. He will continue to work on the Farm Credit Council’s board of directors, which he has been a part of since 2012. Herb’s impact on the world of agriculture will continue to be felt for years to come through his work at the Farmers’ Rice Cooperative and at the Farm Credit Council. I thank Herb for his years of advo-cacy on behalf of agriculture, rice, and all of the things that agriculture is comprised of, including wheat and cat-tle and corn in Kansas. He made the case for all of us—for our farmers and our ranchers. I appreciate that very much. I appreciate his standing side by side and our being a team in order to see that good things happen in rural America. I wish him the very best in his new phase of life, and I thank him for his service and his friendship. TRIBUTE TO BILL SNYDER  
Mr. President, last Sunday, Kansas State University Head Football Coach Bill Snyder announced his retirement, marking the end of his 56-year career coaching football and 27-year tenure in Manhattan, KS. Coach Snyder made his debut with the K-State football program in 1989. He took the helm of a program that was known as Futility U and America’s most hapless team. When he arrived, the Wildcats hadn’t won a single game in the previous two seasons and had the most losses of any Division One football team. During the now-famous press con-ference at the early stages of his ten-ure at K-State, Coach Snyder remarked that, ‘‘I think the opportunity for the greatest turnaround in college football exists here today, and it’s not one to be taken lightly.’’ Kansans know well today that Coach Snyder lived up to those words. Coach Snyder boasts a great deal of accolades in his storied career: 215 ca-reer wins, 19 bowl game appearances, and two Big 12 championships—which seems especially remarkable, given the state of the program when he took over as head coach. Deeply engrained in Coach Snyder’s legacy is the work he has done off the field developing young men, contrib-uting to the community, giving back, and inspiring so many. Coach Snyder’s ‘‘16 Goals for Suc-cess’’ have served as guidelines for his players on and off the field. Snyder said that if his players fol-lowed these goals—goals such as ‘‘Never Give Up,’’ ‘‘Don’t Accept Los-ing,’’ and ‘‘Eliminate Mistakes’’—then success would come. His ‘‘16 goals’’ rep-resent his own legendary paradigm— that our work is never over and the journey to success is never really fin-ished. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.034 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7344 December 6, 2018 
His impact at the university and in Manhattan have reached far beyond the field, where he has helped to in-crease student enrollment, boost the local economy, and fund major renova-tion projects across K-State’s campus that have allowed for groundbreaking work at the university. Coach Snyder’s involvement, sup-port, and close work with the Johnson Cancer Center at K-State has helped to advance the groundbreaking, scientific research being done there that will one day save lives. His work in the community to men-tor young men and women, develop community leaders, and inspire philan-thropy has changed lives across our State. His focus on ‘‘family’’ has cre-ated and contributed to a remarkable culture in Manhattan. Coach Snyder has had to overcome numerous challenges during his tenure as a coach, but he has faced those with the same grit and mental toughness that he has instilled in his players. Even while battling cancer, coach still hit the road to travel Kansas on Catbacker tours; he didn’t let anyone or anything get in the way of him meeting with the program’s most loyal fans, a large number of them rural Kansans. Coach’s love for traveling the State and meeting with rural Kansans is something we both share, but I think often times Kansans might be more ex-cited to talk about football than poli-tics. Coach Snyder repeatedly says he came to Kansas State University be-cause of the people, stayed because of the people, and returned because of the people. To get to Manhattan, KS, you take Bill Snyder Family Highway. To go to a K-State football game, you go to Bill Snyder Family Stadium. On your way into the stadium, you walk by a larger- than-life statue of Coach Bill Snyder. His legacy is permanently sealed in the K-State and Manhattan community. History will remember Coach Snyder as an incredibly successful football coach and developer of young men, someone with an extraordinary work ethic and a high level of integrity. I appreciate the impact Coach Bill Snyder has had at Kansas State Uni-versity. His legacy will be forever en-shrined there. Robba and I wish all the best for Coach, Sharon, and the entire Snyder family in this new chapter of their lives. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. 
REMEMBERING GEORGE H .W. BUSH  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, on Fri-day, George Herbert Walker Bush, the 41st President of the United States, went to his eternal reward. His death marks the passing of an era. George H.W. Bush was the last President to have served in World War II. He enlisted on his 18th birthday, postponing college to serve his coun-try, and went on to become the young-est pilot in the Navy. During his 3 years of service, he flew 58 combat mis-sions and was awarded the Distin-guished Flying Cross and three Air Medals. Throughout his life, he exemplified the characteristics of the ‘‘greatest generation’’—service, love of country, humility, and honor. His achievements in public office were significant. As Vice President, he helped Ronald Reagan turn the econ-omy around and combat the ‘‘evil em-pire.’’ As President, he presided over the dissolution of the Soviet Union and helped bring order and stability to the world stage in its aftermath. Through it all, he stayed humble and down-to- earth. This week, I saw an article with anecdotes from Secret Service agents who had protected President Bush. What stood out to me the most was the fact that he used to stay in Washington over Christmas so his Secret Service agents could spend the day with their families. That was the kind of man he was. We throw around the words ‘‘public service’’ in government, but for George Bush, that term meant something. Public service was a real thing to him. Being a Congressman, being CIA Di-rector, being an ambassador, being President—these weren’t chances to aggrandize himself or to burnish his re-sume. These were chances to serve, to give something back to the country he loved and had fought to protect. President Bush was a statesman, a man of principle who understood that you could speak the truth without de-monizing your opponents. He and President Clinton may have been polit-ical adversaries, but that didn’t stop him from teaming up with President Clinton to raise money for victims of Hurricane Katrina in the 2004 tsunami. He was also, as every American knows, a devoted family man, a be-loved father, grandfather, and great- grandfather. He and his wife Barbara, who died earlier this year, were mar-ried for 73 years—the longest marriage of any Presidential couple in our Na-tion’s history. The love and affection and friendship between them were pal-pable. By now, I think most Americans have seen the moving image from car-toonist Marshall Ramsey paying trib-ute to President Bush. In a cartoon, President Bush is depicted as having flown his World War II plane, a TBM Avenger, to Heaven. There, he joins hands with his beloved daughter Robin and his beloved wife, who says: ‘‘We waited for you.’’ I am sure their re-union was a joyful one. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am both pleased and honored that my distinguished friend Senator F
EINSTEIN  is joining me today to discuss how cli-mate change is affecting our country, from the East to the West, from one of the biggest States to the smallest one. Of course, we are small in size, but we are long on coastline. As the Presiding Officer will under-stand, as coastal States, Rhode Island, California, and the coastal States along the South Atlantic coasts are on the frontlines of climate change. Sea levels are already rising, and as they do, Rhode Island’s coastal communities are having to spend more and more money on resiliency projects to protect their roads, their bridges, their beach-es, their water treatment plants, their harbors, and other infrastructure. A 2000 study by our DEM found that 7 of 19 water treatment facilities in Rhode Island are expected to be over-washed by floodwaters driven by cli-mate change. Frankly, just figuring out what this risk looks like is hard for coastal municipalities, so our State’s Coastal Resources Management Coun-cil developed a project called STORMTOOLS, which allows Rhode Is-landers to see how sea level rise is ex-pected to affect their homes, their businesses, their beaches, and their parks. This is a STORMTOOLS-generated map of Upper Narragansett Bay. The blue color you see here is all land. Peo-ple have homes and businesses and fa-cilities there. All of this blue is now land, but it is land that gets covered by 10 feet of sea level rise. Ten feet of sea level rise is within STORMTOOLS’ business-as-usual scenario in which we continue to burn fossil fuels unabated. As you can see, some of Rhode Is-land’s peninsulas get cut off to become islands, some of our islands disappear or fracture. Rhode Island becomes an archipelago. I hope my colleagues on the other side can appreciate that changes like this to my State are things I have to respond to. A recent New York Times article suggested we may have to retreat from the coasts in order to protect ourselves from rising waters and more powerful storms. Why should Rhode Islanders have to retreat from our coasts just to protect polluters? It makes no sense. It is fundamentally unjust. Many of us not only live near the sea but work and sail and fish on it, so cli-mate change threatens Rhode Island-ers’ lifestyles, our livelihoods, and our lives. The Union of Concerned Scientists has estimated for the United States that by 2100, nearly 2.5 million residen-tial and commercial properties, collec-tively valued at $1.07 trillion today, will be at risk of chronic flooding, and that is just from sea level rise alone. Storm surge and rain-driven flooding amplify that risk. Drill down to Rhode Island, and Zillow, the real estate firm, has esti-mated that over 5,300 homes worth al-most $3 billion will be lost if the sea level rises just 6 feet. And that is just homes that are already there. People are still building in Rhode Island’s coastal areas, so there are more new homes every day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.013 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7345 December 6, 2018 
Why should Rhode Islanders have to face this risk? Why should 5,300 people have to risk losing their homes just to protect polluters? It is not right. Rising water isn’t the only way in which climate change is affecting the oceans off our coasts. Warming oceans are disrupting our traditional fishing grounds and driving valuable species like lobster out of Rhode Island waters altogether. The just-released National Climate Assessment warns of falling catches. Last week I met with charter boat cap-tains and recreational fishing enthu-siasts from Rhode Island and nearby New England. They, like their peers in Louisiana, are facing changes in the size, geographic range, and number of fish that they catch. Our commercial fishermen tell the same story. They are worried that their kids and grandkids will not be able to experience the traditions and lifestyles they cherish or pursue the same career on the water. Why should Rhode Island have to lose this heritage just to protect polluters? Senator F
EINSTEIN has seen similar changes in California, and I welcome her remarks. I ask unanimous consent that Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN and I be allowed to en-gage in a colloquy. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I thank the Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Yes, we are already feeling dramatic changes in California. Let me give you an example. Off our coast, the ocean has become 25 to 45 percent more acidic. It has 20 percent less oxygen, and it is nearly a full de-gree warmer than previous decades. All of that is according to the National Climate Assessment. These conditions have led to harmful algal blooms, a marine heat wave from 2014 to 2016, invasive Humboldt squid, the disruption of the crab, shellfish, and fishing industry. So it is being felt. In fact, the impact has been so great, a number of Pacific coast fishermen are now suing 30 fossil fuel companies for damages. At the same time, the seas are rising. The longest running tidal gauge in the Western Hemisphere is at the Golden Gate Bridge, and it has been recording sea levels since 1854. Now, as this chart shows—and this is sea level rise at the Golden Gate Bridge—the sea has risen 9 inches in that time, which the National Climate Assessment attributes mostly to ther-mal expansion of ocean water and the melting of glaciers and polar ice sheets. This is already threatening San Francisco’s historic waterfront. The seawall is seriously deteriorating and must be upgraded to handle the strong-er storms and higher tides we are al-ready seeing and will continue to see in the future. I just met a week or so ago with the head of the Bay Area Rapid Transit System, and that is BART II, and they are talking about increasing the num-ber of trains in the II by some three times. One wonders what is going to happen if the seawall continues to de-teriorate. The city will move. It is going to be very costly, but it will be repaired. But it is a signal of what is coming. Last month, our city’s residents ap-proved a $425 million bond to help pay for the project of restoring the Embar-cadero Seawall. As you can see, we are looking at another 2.5 to 3.5 feet of sea rise by the end of this century. If you just look at this chart, you see the amount of sea rise. Worse, if ice sheets in Greenland and Antarctica collapse into the oceans, the ‘‘Climate Science Special Report’’ last year warned that sea levels could rise as high as 8 feet by the end of this century. That is an 8-foot rise by the end of this century. That would truly be catastrophic. Scientists are carefully studying the Greenland and Antarctica ice sheets, as the Senator from Rhode Island well knows, to understand whether we can slow or avoid their collapse into the ocean. Last year alone, we saw an ice-berg larger than the size of the State of Rhode Island break off of Antarctica’s Larsen C ice shelf. Events like this could give us clues into what large- scale melting may look like. Antarctica holds 90 percent of the world’s ice, and the rate of ice melting and calving increased six-fold from 1994 to 2012—a six-time increase in 10 years. It is amazing. According to an eye-opening report from National Geographic last year, if the West Antarctic ice sheet collapses, as some researchers think may already be happening, it will eventually raise sea levels worldwide by 10 feet. This is a picture right out of National Geo-graphic. A whole issue is devoted to this and the rifting of this huge glacier and what happens when it breaks out. That is where there are different views, of course, but some say the seas could rise as much as 10 feet. I really suspect, between you and me and the outside world, that it is going to be some calamitous effect that shakes us up enough to do what we need to do about it. We have been very slow to respond. National Geographic reports, as well, that 90 percent of the 674 glaciers in this area of the continent are now in retreat—90 percent of them—and calving more icebergs into the sea; that means they are splitting and breaking off, including the one that is photographed right here. A full col-lapse of the ice sheets in Greenland and West Antarctica would eventually raise sea levels about 35 feet, it is estimated. I drove through the San Francisco Marina District, and I thought, Oh, my gosh, what can happen in 15, 20, 50 years—our grandchildren—and it is really startling. But rising sea levels are far from the only problem. Wildfire and drought are already reshaping my State. The Cali-fornia drought from 2011 to 2016 was made worse because of climate change: higher temperatures, depleted ground-water, and reduced snowpack. Large parts of California, including the Cen-tral Valley, which produces the major-ity of our Nation’s fruits and vegeta-bles, had to depend on groundwater pumping that will not always be avail-able, and the National Climate Assess-ment warns that global warming will reduce the rate that groundwater re-plenishes aquifers by 10 to 20 percent. So we have a real problem. I want to add to that. I have been to big fires; as a matter of fact, I traveled with President Bush to a San Diego fire in a subdivision, and then, years later, I went to the Sonoma fire. It was a fire that burned so hot that the sub-division I visited, which was the Coffey subdivision—the block that had houses on all four sides was entirely burned down, and the ground had turned to sand. There wasn’t a metal structure; there wasn’t a brick chimney; there was nothing that was above ground. I called one of the chiefs, the head of State fire, and I said: Tell me what is happening. He said: The Santa Anas have re-versed. The winds are blowing 40 to 60 knots. The fire outruns us, and we can’t lay line. So what happened—and the meaning, of course, is that you depend more and more on air, which means C–130s, and having to get them. Fortunately we got seven, and I went and saw that two are being repaired and adjusted to carry water. But that is what is hap-pening, and we really have to come to terms with it. This new, big fire, which is the larg-est fire California has ever had, burned down 15,000 homes, if you can believe it. This is a picture of what the area looks like. Wildfire alone has burned nearly 2 million acres now—15,000 homes. It has killed 94 people. And wildfire is the deadliest and most de-structive season we have on record this year. This picture was taken by a member of my staff in the city of Paradise, which was absolutely devastated, as you can tell—hulls of cars. I have even been to a fire that has burned so hot that you don’t see any of the sur-rounding door metal, and you don’t see any tires left. So the terror of fire—and just as an anecdote, I read one story about an el-derly couple who left their home and jumped in the pool, and he held his wife in the pool all night, and she passed away in his arms. This is the kind of thing we face in California. Let me ask the Senator from Rhode Island this: Wildfires are a problem for more than just Western States. Haven’t fires affected even Rhode Is-land on the other coast? Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Senator F
EIN-
STEIN , the fires have affected us—noth-ing like what you describe. Our State has not burned. Our State is not like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.037 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7346 December 6, 2018 
California today, still smoldering from such a massive fire. We don’t have the devastation of the photograph that you just showed us, but it has sure affected our air quality. All the way across the continent, the fires we have had in California, Oregon, and Canada have affected the Atlantic States as far south as North Carolina. As you know, these fires lost tremen-dous amounts of what they call fine particulates into the atmosphere, and those fine particulates exacerbate asth-ma and other respiratory conditions, increase the risk of diseases like lung cancer. In a nutshell, bad air equals bad health, and we are getting bad air from these fires. Of course, forest fires aren’t the only way that climate change degrades Rhode Island’s air quality. You just make the air warmer, which global warming is doing, and hotter tempera-tures help to form more ozone. Ozone, as we know, is dangerous for children and the elderly and anybody with a res-piratory condition. One in ten Rhode Islanders has asth-ma. Our air quality receives a grade of C from the American Lung Associa-tion, largely from forces out of our control—out-of-State sources and ozone coming in from upwind States. This is not just an inconvenience. Across the country, air pollution, much of it made worse by climate change, causes a staggering 200,000 pre-mature deaths each year. Why should Rhode Islanders have to put up with that just to protect polluters? Of course, those aren’t the only ways that climate change affects human health. Temperature extremes worsen health. There have been studies both in Rhode Island and in Senator F
EIN-
STEIN ’s State that show that as tem-peratures rise, there are more deaths, often not associated in the coroner’s report with heat but clearly statis-tically following the heat. ER visits in Rhode Island skyrocket when daily temperatures pass 80 de-grees Fahrenheit, and the National Cli-mate Assessment, based on a study of Rhode Island hospitals, predicts that the number of ER visits will increase from these conditions by 400 per year by 2050 and up to an additional 1,500 a year by 2095. Of course, the list of health con-sequences goes on: disease-carrying in-sects, such as ticks and mosquitoes; noxious algal blooms, as the Senator from California mentioned, that produce water-borne toxins and patho-gens; longer pollen seasons ramping up people’s allergies. Why should Rhode Islanders or Cali-fornians have to put up with these con-ditions just to protect polluters? Of course, it is not just the doctors who are worried; economists are start-ing to paint some very grim pictures. Freddie Mac, our great housing cor-poration, warns of a coastal property values crash that will rival the 2008 mortgage meltdown. I quote them: 
The economic losses and social disruption [...]  are likely to be greater in total than those experienced in the housing crisis and Great Recession. The Bank of England and numerous academic economists warn of a ‘‘carbon bubble’’—a separate economic risk that poses what they call a systemic risk to the global economy. Of course, the National Climate As-sessment details grim economic con-sequences that climate change will have for our U.S. economy. Of course, it doesn’t have to be bad economic news. Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz testified that ‘‘retro-fitting the global economy for climate change would help to restore aggregate demand and growth. . . . [C]limate policies, if well designed and imple-mented, are consistent with growth, development, and poverty reduction. The transition to a low-carbon econ-omy is potentially a powerful, attrac-tive, and sustainable growth story, marked by higher resilience, more in-novation, more liveable cities, robust agriculture, and stronger ecosystems.’’ Why would we not want that? That is the advice of a Nobel Prize-winning economist. A 2018 report from the Global Com-mission on the Economy and Climate estimates that this green energy tran-sition may increase global economic growth by $26 trillion through 2030 and create 65 million low-carbon jobs. Growth will come not just from those new jobs but also from lower energy costs. As Stiglitz points out, transitioning to renewables can reduce costs. To quote him, ‘‘Many energy ef-ficiency technologies actually have a negative cost to implement.’’ Renewable energy, electric cars, bat-tery storage, carbon capture, energy ef-ficiency, low-carbon and zero-carbon fuels—these are technologies of the fu-ture, promising millions of great jobs. The question is whether these will be American technologies and American jobs or whether China, Germany, Japan, or other countries will win the transition to a low-carbon economy. Why should America lose that competi-tion just to protect polluters? Senator F
EINSTEIN can eloquently tell us how innovation is California’s bread and butter, so let me inquire of the distinguished chairman/ranking member. What kind of exciting devel-opments are you seeing in California? Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I am sorry; what kind of? Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Exciting develop-ments in innovation are you seeing in California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. There are all kinds of exciting developments and innova-tion. Let me talk a little bit more about it. My understanding is that for 2018, re-searchers expect that emissions will grow by 2.4 percent, and the United States is part of this trend, showing a 2.5-percent increase in emissions due to our oil and gas use. So the first thing is that we need to move away from carbon, and we need to do it quickly. California is pro-ducing—you can use noncarbon elec-tricity, and it works. One of the things I have been really concerned about as a grandmother is, as time goes by, what is the impact? If I understand the history well, the Earth has warmed, since the Industrial Revolution, about 1 to 2 degrees. They say that if it warms another 1 to 2 de-grees, it is handleable, but it will be difficult. If it warms 4 to 9 degrees, we will have the potential to destroy the planet. I think those figures, as they become more refined as time goes on, really send us the challenge. It is hard here because—it was hard in California. Until I went home on this last break, I had never seen people on the streets with masks on. Yet there it was in San Francisco, by the Golden Gate, with the wind blowing, and the smoke was so thick in the morning that when you looked out a window, you were lucky if you could see two blocks. Those are the kinds of fires that warming encourages. So I want to salute you for your work. You have been our leader. I think you have been terrific. I think what we really need to do is to set some standards for our government to follow as they set regulations for the future. It is going to be difficult, people won’t like it, and there will be dif-ferences between us, but we should have that discussion, and we should recognize the fact that we can’t keep going as we are now. Now, California is responding. As I drove and campaigned there through many different counties and saw some of the alternatives to carbon in terms of the towers and wind and those kinds of things—you see where it is hap-pening, but it is not happening enough, and it is not taken as seriously as it should be. So what I want to say is that I really want to work with you. I believe the people of my State—all 40-plus million of us—want a solution that will work. I thank you, and I am delighted to be part of this small dialogue. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I thank the Sen-ator. Of course, California’s massive economy is a vitally important part of the innovation that is going to help solve this problem if we can get the po-litical will and the economic align-ments to do this. Rhode Island, of course, has its own small innovation story. We are the first State to get offshore wind, steel in the water, and electrons on the grid. We are very proud of the company that did it. Indeed, the market has re-sponded quite favorably. They have been bought for half a billion dollars by a larger company. That is great progress for Rhode Island. We are a leader in the composites in-dustry. One of our composites compa-nies, TPI Composites, is manufacturing wind blades for wind towers that spin turbines and generate electricity. We also got our first electric buses in Providence, and the electric bus bodies were built by the same group in War-ren, RI, to be light, clean, and efficient. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.038 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7347 December 6, 2018 
In 10 years, TPI has manufactured more than 10,000 wind blades and is gearing up to provide more than 3,350 bus bodies. So things are moving. Our university is following on. It re-ceived $19 million in funding from the National Science Foundation for ‘‘de-veloping a new research infrastructure to assess, predict and respond to the ef-fects of climate variability on coastal ecosystems.’’ We have to bring innova-tion to bear on the changes that are coming, and we have to bring innova-tion to bear to protect against the changes that will be devastating if we don’t act responsibly. I hope that we as a body in the Sen-ate take the message from what is hap-pening around us—your fires, Louisi-ana’s floods, Rhode Island’s sea level rise, and predictions for turning our-selves into an archipelago—and begin to take this seriously, or we could just keep protecting the polluters. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. If I may respond just briefly, the State has mandated that 50 percent of its electricity must come from renewable sources by 2030. We are actually ahead of schedule and on track to reach that deadline by 2020. If we do, we will both be here. I hope that will be a real signal to people that standards can be set and they can be met and that we can save this planet. I thank the Senator very much. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I thank the Sen-ator. Senator F
EINSTEIN may remember, I came here in 2007. I was sworn in in January of 2007. In 2007 and in 2008 and in 2009, just what we would expect to be happening on an issue like this was ac-tually happening in the Senate. By my recollection, we had four bipartisan cli-mate bills, we had bipartisan climate hearings, and we had constant bipar-tisan climate conversations. This was an issue which was being taken seri-ously by this body through 2009, then in 2010 something happened, and all of that bipartisan work came to a screeching, dead halt. What happened was that the Supreme Court—five Re-publican Justices on the Supreme Court—issued a decision called Citizens United, which told big industries, big special interests like the fossil fuel in-dustry: You can now spend as much money as you want in politics. There are no limits on what you can spend. That industry took off like a gunshot, like a runner from the start with that decision—I suspect they anticipated it—and instantly shut down all biparti-sanship on climate change by virtue of the political spending and threats that Citizens United allowed them to do. If we could do it before Citizens United, we ought to be able to do it still now that we have a better under-standing of what the threats are. This is a very real proposition to get some-thing done, and I thank the Senator for her leadership over many years on this and many causes. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I thank the Sen-ator. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I thank the Sen-ator, and I yield the floor. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES  
SERGEANT FIRST CLASS ERIC EMOND  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, the Global War on Terror that started 17 years ago continues. Today we for-mally call the missions undertaken in the War on Terror Operation Freedom’s Sentinel and Operation Inherent Re-solve. Brave American troops continue selflessly serving these missions in de-fense of our country. It is often an overlooked or neglected news story. It doesn’t make the headlines frequently, but families throughout the country who have loved ones in the Middle East are closely monitoring the latest devel-opments there. Their loves ones are still in harm’s way in places like Af-ghanistan, Iraq, and Syria. This war is being prosecuted at con-siderable costs. Many have made the ultimate sacrifice, including Army SFC Eric Emond, a member of 1st Bat-talion, 3rd Special Forces Group, who called Springdale, AK, home when he enlisted in the Marine Corps 21 years ago. He dedicated his career to the military, serving in the Marines and later joining the Army. In 2009, while serving in Afghanistan, he was severely wounded. During his recovery, he cofounded the Massachu-setts Fallen Heroes—an organization launched to honor the fallen and to support Gold Star Families. He was on his seventh tour of duty when he was killed in action last month. I pray that the Emond family can find comfort in the support of others who have experienced the pain of losing a loved one and who have been aided by the organization Sergeant Emond pas-sionately advocated for. Many brave Americans are still fight-ing and selflessly serving, putting their lives on the line every day to defend this country against terrorists and na-tions that wish to assert malign influ-ence in the world. We have a duty to honor their com-mitment to our country and to those who paid the ultimate sacrifice. In the coming days, Congress will have an op-portunity to name the Department of Veterans Affairs facility in North Ogden, UT, the Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation in honor of the city’s mayor, a member of the Utah Army National Guard who, during his fourth military deployment, gave his life in support of the mission in Af-ghanistan last month. Let us never for-get the sacrifices of our troops and let their legacies be an inspiration for all Americans. On behalf of a grateful nation, I hum-bly offer my sincerest gratitude for the patriotism and selfless service of the men and women who serve in our Na-tion’s uniform, the families who sup-port their noble endeavor, and to those who gave their all. We must remember the many brave Americans, past and present, who stand in defense of our country. Cer-tainly, we need to remember those on a daily basis. These men and women de-serve our attention and admiration for answering the call to serve and risking comfort, life, and limb to protect our freedom. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FLORIDA EVERGLADES  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I wish to speak about one of the world’s great natural treasures, the Florida Ever-glades. Eighteen years ago, there was an anniversary; as a matter of fact, it was in December of 2000. One of the major water bills that Congress passes, usually about every 5 to 7 years, was enacted, and they typically contain Army Corps of Engineers’ projects for water handling, water channeling the great rivers and lakes of America. All of these water projects are so vital to the economic functioning of this coun-try. This water bill was passed back in December of 2000 to provide funding for projects on ports, dams, and beach re-nourishment projects all across the country. It also authorized for the first time the comprehensive restoration plan for America’s Florida Everglades. It was a 30-year, multibillion dollar ef-fort to restore the Everglades. What had happened, ever since the beginning of the previous century—in the early 1900s—as Florida started to be discovered and as people increas-ingly had come, the way it was paved in the late 1800s, with Henry Flagler building his railroad, the railroad went down the east coast of Florida. He would build it as far as he could get, first to St. Augustine, where there was built a big hotel. That hotel today is the administrative building of Flagler College in downtown St. Augustine. Then Flagler extended it further to the Daytona-Ormond Beach location, where another big hotel was built. Tak-ing it further south, all the way to West Palm Beach, the famed Breakers hotel in Palm Beach was built, as well as a Biltmore hotel. Finally, Henry Flagler took it on to Miami and then did a feat thought im-possible and went through a string of islands called the Florida Keys. He took the railroad all the way to Key West. This was a means of travel that opened up to Americans in the North-east this beautiful land called La Flor-ida in Spanish, the name given by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.039 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7348 December 6, 2018 
Spanish conquistadors who came to Florida. Indeed, they came and they loved this land. As more and more people came and started settling, they found that some-times Mother Nature was harsh. When Mother Nature came in its full display of fury, hurricanes would come; quick rainstorms would come; quick changes of temperature occurred, from warm to suddenly freezing, even with—albeit, not a lot of snow, but I have seen parts of Florida with the ground covered in snow and other parts that were pelted with freezing rain. As people tried to adapt to this land of contrasting environments, all of a sudden, they started to see nature, and along in the late 1920s came a hurri-cane of such magnitude that when it hit the coast around West Palm Beach and then went inland to Lake Okee-chobee, 3,000 people drowned. As a result of that experience, the governmental structure said: We have to do something about flood control. Thus, the diking and draining for three-quarters of a century commenced under the rubric of flood control that would get the water off the land when too much water came at one time. But what happened was, suddenly they had a plan to reverse what Mother Nature had intended. Mother Nature intended for water as far north as southwest of today’s Orlando to slowly flow south all the way into the big lake, Lake Okeechobee, and continue on into the Florida Everglades. What happened with all this diking and draining was it was taking away that natural flow of water. In order to get the water off the land in times of flooding, they created big dikes and ca-nals that would send the water out into the tidewater of the Atlantic in the east and the Gulf of Mexico in the west. Take, for example, coming south of Orlando in the Kissimmee chain of lakes into what was a meandering stream called the Kissimmee River, where it slowly wandered southward through the oxbows with all the marsh grasses, cleansing the water as it went south and then entering into that big lake called Okeechobee, which did not have defined boundaries but, instead, marshy grasses all around the lake. The water, by gravity, continued to flow south into a natural extension of the marshy grasses, into the miles and miles of river grass that Marjory Stoneman Douglas had declared so beautifully as the ‘‘river of grass,’’ the Florida Everglades. So Lake Okee-chobee had a way of taking care of its water and keeping it clean. After losing 3,000 people in that hur-ricane, the idea was to control the water—dike and drain it; dike the lake and drain it to the east and to the west, eventually into the St. Lucie River to go into the Atlantic and into the Caloosahatchee, to go into the Gulf of Mexico. So meandering streams like the Kissimmee River were suddenly diked and dug into a straight ditch. It was catastrophic for the sensitive estu-aries that were cleansing the water as it moved south. It was catastrophic for the estuaries, where so many of the critters had the nursery grounds for their young, as well as the many fish species. Lo and behold, across the entire southern peninsula of Florida, a dike was built called Tamiami Trail, a paved road from Miami over to the west coast, just south of Fort Myers and Naples. That, in effect, became a dike across the southern peninsula of Florida that did not allow the water to flow further south into what, ulti-mately, as a result of President Harry Truman’s signing it into law, became the Everglades National Park. Con-sequently, the Everglades National Park was then starved of freshwater. The consequences of all of those ac-tions over almost a century are pain-fully visible in years like this one. Be-cause of the pollution of that water, in-stead of the grasses cleansing it, toxic blue-green algae chokes the rivers and spreads all the way out to the Atlantic Ocean to the east and to the Gulf of Mexico to the west. People have seen in this past year the dramatic images of dead fish cov-ering the water’s surface, covering the beach on the west coast and, lo and be-hold, ultimately that phenomenon of red tide being supercharged with green algae. Ultimately, it went around the peninsula and up the east coast, and we saw dead fish on the beaches of the At-lantic coast as well. We need to return the waterflow to the flow that Mother Nature intended. That is what the restoration of the Ev-erglades is all about, and that is how that started 18 years ago this month, with a comprehensive plan to turn around that flood control—that diking and draining of all of the southern half of the peninsula of Florida, which has now caused so many of the unintended effects. If you think about it, when the eco-system is healthy, the Everglades are healthy. When the ecosystem is sick, all of the rest of that beautiful eco-system is going to be sickly as well. What we have seen with the little bit of cleaning up we have done is that the Everglades are amazingly resilient. The environment and the Everglades are the heart and soul of Florida. These precious natural resources deserve our protection and stewardship because now they provide drinking water for millions and millions of people in South Florida who have moved there and for a major agricultural industry. The Everglades also provide storm protection. That is why the ongoing Everglades restoration effort is so im-portant. We need to ensure that the Everglades are there to provide a buffer the next time a hurricane rolls through. We understand there is a link be-tween warming ocean temperatures and hurricane intensity. If the climate trends continue—and I will reference my speech on climate change and glob-al warming and the rising of the seas that I gave last week. As that climate trend continues, if we don’t reverse it, then it is all the more important to fortify Mother Nature’s best defenses. Not only are beaches and the preser-vation of them as one of those defenses important, but so are the Florida Ever-glades. Beaches, wetlands, coral reefs, mangroves all protect us against storm damage. We saw that during Hurricane Sandy in the Northeast and Hurricane Matthew in Florida. We are learning that proved true again during Hurri-cane Irma. That is why it is so critical that we preserve our natural infra-structure and conserve the undeveloped lands. As that famous Floridian, Mar-jory Stoneman Douglas said: 
There are no other Everglades in the world. . . . The miracle of the light pours over the green and brown expanse of saw grass and of water, shining and slow-moving below, the grass and water that is the mean-ing and the central fact of the Everglades of Florida. It is a river of grass. 
Since I have been privileged to be a Member of the Senate, the Federal Government has spent almost $5 billion on Everglades restoration. We have some great things to show for it, but we have a long way to go. Wading birds is an example. They are returning to the Kissimmee River floodplain. Water is finally flowing under that dike that was built in the 1920s—the Tamiami Trail. Now there is a breach of a mile-long bridge, and there is another 2
1⁄2-mile bridge that is under construction to allow that water to flow south into the Everglades Na-tional Park. We are seeing the return of native wildlife in areas where projects are still underway. I referenced the Central Everglades Restoration Project that was passed in the water bill 18 years ago. It was originally envisioned as a 30-year plan because we knew we couldn’t reverse all of the drainage and the engineering overnight. Out of 30 years, we are into the 18th year, with 12 more to go. It is a long-term effort, and it requires two things: diligent oversight over the on-going work and an unwavering dedica-tion to achieving Florida’s goal of a re-stored Everglades. This Senator, whose family came to Florida in 1829, is a fifth-generation Floridian. I understand this is an im-portant project to protect our beautiful natural treasures, but what happens if we don’t? We have all seen the environmental and economic wreckage, for example, from an oilspill. We have seen NASA images from space of mangroves flat-tened after a hurricane. As the hurri-canes get stronger, more ferocious, and more intense, that will be a result, as well as the wiping out of beaches. All too often in recent years, this Senator has seen the devastating im-pact of toxic algae blooms on commu-nities all over the Peninsula of Florida and even into North Florida. When you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.043 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7349 December 6, 2018 
take a body of water and throw a sack of fertilizer in it, the combination of heat and the nutrients are going to grow algae in most any light but espe-cially in the warm climate of Florida. As a result, by that same example, if you take our freshwater in Florida and allow pollution to go into that because the pollution is not properly regulated, it puts the nutrients into the fresh-water that will grow the algae. The algae will suck the oxygen from the water, and that becomes a dead river or a dead lake. All those extra nutrients then, when they hit the saltwater on the Atlantic coast or the Gulf of Mex-ico, supercharge other phenomenon that lives in saltwater, such as the red tide. We have seen that devastating im-pact. There was a Floridian whom we re-cently lost, Nat Reed. He was particu-larly attuned to the needs of Florida’s environment. We are going to honor his legacy in a memorial service this com-ing weekend. We are doing that be-cause Nat Reed was one of the great de-fenders of Florida’s natural bounty, es-pecially the Everglades. In the 1970s, he served both Presidents Nixon and Ford. He returned to Florida, and he worked under seven different Governors in many different environmental capac-ities, including as chairman of the Commission on Florida’s Environ-mental Future. Back in the 1980s, that commission was instrumental in the land acquisition projects we now know as Everglades Restoration. For Nat Reed, his children and his grandchildren, for all of the current and future generations of Floridians, let’s honor the legacy of Nat Reed, and let’s stay the course over the next 12 years of this Central Everglades Res-toration Project. Let’s complete it and restore America’s Everglades. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
EARTHQUAKE IN ALASKA  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, it is Thursday afternoon, and it is the time of the week when I usually come down to talk about one of my constituents or some Alaskan who is doing a great thing for their community or the State or the country. I call that our Alaskan of the Week. I am going to suspend that this week because, to be perfectly honest, I think every one of my fellow Alaskans deserves a shout-out. Maybe they are all Alaskans of the Week this week for what happened and, then, their reaction to what happened in Alaska last Friday. The country read about it, but it is the earthquake—the very significant earthquake—that my State and my hometown of Anchorage just went through. Mr. President, as you know, last Fri-day morning, at 8:29 a.m., the citizens of Southcentral Alaska, which includes Anchorage and the Mat-Su Valley, were doing what they always do on a Friday morning. People were in their offices, driving to work, drinking cof-fee at home, or maybe taking a run on many of the paved trails throughout our wonderful city. Students were ei-ther in school or almost getting to school, sitting at their desks with pen-cils and pens in hand, and then the shaking began. It felt like it went on forever. I was here in DC. My wife was at our home in Anchorage. She sent me a text and said: We are having a big, massive earthquake. And we did. It was 7.0 on the Richter scale, which is a big earth-quake—a big earthquake even for Alas-ka. Moments later, another earthquake measuring 5.8 on the Richter scale hit. The epicenter was very close to down-town Anchorage, about 7 miles north. People all across the area ran out of their houses, their offices, and dove under their desks. Roads collapsed, pipes broke, and ceiling tiles came crashing down. Household goods cracked. Kitchens all across the State looked like they had been invaded by violent giants. Thousands of people lost power, including my home in An-chorage. Senator MURKOWSKI and I and Con-gressman Y
OUNG were here in DC. I am going to talk about that a minute. We went home soon after to see what hap-pened, to see the damage. You saw the previous slide there. Senator M
URKOWSKI and I were out re-viewing and assessing some of the dam-age. This is a photo of an on-ramp to Minnesota Avenue, actually leading to the airport. That collapsed completely. That is how people get to the airport. Vine Road in the Mat-Su Valley, a major thoroughfare there, completely, essentially, imploded. Houses and busi-nesses were shook dramatically. There is another picture of Vine Road there. That is the road that you just saw. It was rush hour in Alaska. Unfortunately, we are having a lot of problems with homes and businesses. This is a photo of just one of the hun-dreds of businesses, ceilings collapsing, entire offices ruined, and schools. The schools throughout the State suffered a lot of damage. In libraries, there were not just shelves collapsing. Books fly off the shelves when you have a 7.0 earthquake. There is another photo of some of the schools with ceilings col-lapsing and rebar coming out. This is a classroom. In my view, just having been out there for a couple of days back home, there is at least hundreds of millions of dollars of damage that we saw, and it is still happening. When you have an earthquake of this magnitude, you have aftershocks, which are also very stressful and can be big and can do more damage. We have had over 2,700 aftershocks in the Anchorage Ball. This is the An-chorage Ball right here. Twenty of them have been over 4.0, and five have been over 5.0. That is a big earth-quake—a 5.0 earthquake. So we have had five more of those. That is stress-ful, as you can imagine. People are tired. The first night after the earthquake, nobody was sleeping because of the number of aftershocks. When I was home, I felt a number of these, but Alaskans are resilient. They have grit. They have spirit. They are tough. The phrase going around to de-scribe the State right now is ‘‘shak-en’’—certainly, still shaken, still going on today—‘‘not broken.’’ There is frus-tration, and the country is going to need their help to rebuild. I have no doubt that is going to happen here. Here is the amazing thing. I think it is a Christmas miracle. You saw that destruction. You saw that at rush hour—kids in all of these classrooms, and there were no fatalities, not one death. You can rebuild a road, and you can rebuild a school, but if we were burying our kids right now, this would be a very, very different tragedy. Remember, just going to work, it was dark. It is dark in Alaska in the morn-ing. It is dark during a lot of the day now in Alaska. It was cold, and yet there were no fatalities and very few injuries. So what happened? How did that hap-pen? Somebody asked: Where is the positive story here? Well, we get a lot of earthquakes in Alaska. This is just a chart that shows, from a couple of years ago, what kind of earthquakes we get. The Presiding Officer knows I come and talk about my State a lot, but here are just a few stats on earthquakes. Alaska is home to the second largest earthquake ever recorded in history— the 1964 Great Alaskan Good Friday earthquake, registering a magnitude of 9.2 on the Richter scale. It lasted al-most 5 minutes, if you can imagine that. Then we had a huge tsunami that killed dozens and dozens of people. Eleven percent of all of the world’s recorded earthquakes are in Alaska. Three of the eight largest earthquakes the world has ever seen have been in Alaska, and 7 of the 10 largest earth-quakes in the United States were in Alaska. One earthquake registering a magnitude of 7 to 8 on the Richter scale happens every year in Alaska, but they don’t normally happen in big, pop-ulated areas. There have been six earthquakes registering a magnitude from 6 to 7 on the Richter scale, but, again, not near the major cities. Our State is so big that we have a lot of these, and nobody gets hurt. Speaking of getting hurt, earth-quakes of this size—a 7.0, even a 6.0, even a 5.0—when they are near popu-lation centers, normally, in other parts of the world, they do a lot of damage— and they certainly did a lot of damage in Alaska—but, unfortunately, they also take lives. For example, last year in Indonesia, there was an earthquake registering 6.9 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.044 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7350 December 6, 2018 
on the Richter scale that killed almost 500 people. It is not just in developing countries. In New Zealand in 2011, there was an earthquake registering 6.3 on the Richter scale that killed over 150 people. As I said, we were fortunate that there were no deaths. So what is part of the reason for that? Given how many earthquakes we have had over the years, we have learned a lot. The first thing we learned is about building codes. Fortunately—again, thank God—we had no buildings collapse. We have a lot of structures—homes, busi-nesses, schools—that have severe struc-tural damage, but a collapsing building is where you get a lot of deaths. With strong, strict building codes, particu-larly after the 1964 earthquake, that helps to prevent that. It is also people who are resilient, tough, and trained. I want to talk a lit-tle bit about this because I have no doubt this is why we had no fatalities. The group I really want to do a shout-out to—and I am just so proud of them—are the students and the teach-ers who were there in the beginning of the morning. I went through some of the schools just in the last few days, such as Houston Middle School and the elementary school in Eagle River. These schools just look like someone had completely exploded them inside. Yet these kids—young men and women—acted calm, heroic, and, most importantly, they did what they have been trained to do. In Alaska, because we have so many earthquakes, the kids go through earthquake training all the time. They duck and cover under their desks. There is a video that has kind of gone viral because I know other kids in the country are looking at it. It is actually from Mr. Benice’s class, right when it happened. He is a teacher at the Mears Middle School in Anchorage. The video was on because he was supposed to cap-ture his lesson Friday morning. He is a grad student, and he had to film the class and what he was teaching for his studies. What the video captured, instead, were the students who are trained to react in ways that it is remarkable how automatic it was. After they saw this in Alaska, one reporter called these kids in this classroom ‘‘a well- oiled machine.’’ What am I talking about? If you watch it, the kids are sitting in their class. The teacher is talking, and you see a little bit of shaking. Boom. Then, every kid, without being told, knew ex-actly what to do. They were under their desks. Then, you see a lot of shaking, and, then, you see debris starting to come down. If you are not under a desk, you could be seriously in-jured or even killed by some of what is coming from the ceiling or worse. In Houston Middle School, when Sen-ator M
URKOWSKI and I were touring, there were cinder blocks that were bro-ken and shot out from the ceiling and the wall in these classrooms. Students are in there, but they were trained, and they were ducking and covering. In the video from Mr. Benice’s class-room, after the shaking was over—it was about a minute, which seems like an eternity when you are in it—a stu-dent can be heard asking: ‘‘Will they cancel school today?’’ Mr. Benice replied: ‘‘Well, that is probably not the first thing we need to be worrying about right now.’’ Yesterday, a niece of one of my staff members here in DC said that the video of Mr. Benice’s class was being shown in schools in Iowa, including her school, Prairie View Middle School, in Waukee, IA, because the teachers are telling their students: Hey, this why we train, and this is what you do when there is some kind of natural disaster. Literally, I have no doubt that the training that happened in Alaska saved lives. I want to thank those kids, those students. I am so proud, and I really, really, want to thank the teachers of Anchorage and the Mat-Su Valley for doing this training for the kids, month after month and year after year. It ob-viously paid off. In terms of the reaction that you see, this why, again, I think all of my con-stituents are the Alaskans of the Week. The first responders, as they do in so many emergencies, our local heroes, reacted immediately. Civil engineers and city and State workers imme-diately checked on all of these high-ways and bridges and off-ramps, some of which collapsed, and essential infra-structure, such as hospitals. The Port of Anchorage has had all kinds of structural damage, which is very dan-gerous in terms of the supply chain for my entire State. The U.S. Geological Survey and NOAA—the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administra-tion—gave us real-time information about the earthquakes and, impor-tantly, the potential tsunamis. There were tsunami warnings all over Alaska because of how worried we were, being next to the ocean, that that may have triggered a tsunami. Thankfully, that did not happen. The State and local officials and the Anchorage Fire Department received hundreds of calls about damaged gas lines. We did have some house fires be-cause of it. We did lose some houses be-cause of it. Our utilities jumped into action. ENSTAR, which is a natural gas company, went to over 700 houses that had reported gas leaks. For the thousands who lost power, they got power back on in a relatively short time. This is very important because when it is 20 degrees in Alaska and we lose power in the winter, it is not as though we can borrow power from Illi-nois or Kentucky. We are there, alone and unafraid. We have to produce our own power. Yet our utility companies got power back on in my house in a few hours. Ken Bearman worked for ENSTAR for 46 years before retirement on No-vember 9. Guess what he did as a util-ity guy. He suited up and came back to work on the job, to just go out and help people. That is the other thing. Alaskans went door-to-door checking on their neighbors. Shelters were immediately opened. Hospitals prepared for what they thought were going to be massive injuries and potentially deaths. Churches and nonprofits were avail-able. That is what Alaskans do. When you live out and alone in part of a State that is pretty remote and com-munities are remote, that is what you have to do. The other group that kicked into gear—and I do want to thank my col-leagues here—was the Federal Govern-ment. FEMA launched people almost immediately from the west coast, and we heard from senior Federal officials almost immediately. I want to com-mend the Trump administration and the rest of the Federal Government for their quick reaction. So many of them are in Alaska now. Almost within an hour, the President of the United States, who was down in Argentina at the G20, tweeted: To the great people of Alaska, you have been hit hard by the big one. Please follow the directions of the highly trained profes-sionals who are there to help you. Your Fed-eral Government will spare no expense. God bless you all. 
That was from the President. The Vice President, who was also traveling, called me and Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI within a few hours. The Chief of Staff of the White House, General Kelly, called. Every one of them want-ed to know: What can we do? How can we help? Who do we need to send? The Secretary of Transportation—I want to give a special shout-out to Elaine Chao. She has already checked in with me three different times, and they have people on their way up to help with major infrastructure dam-ages. The same with our FEMA Admin-istrator, who has been a busy man, let’s face it. Brock Long did a con-ference call with me, Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI , and Congressman Y OUNG . I also want to thank my Senate col-leagues. A lot of the press likes to re-port that we are always battling, that we are always fighting. I don’t think that is true, by the way. It is abso-lutely not true. We have certain things on which we have principled dif-ferences, but a lot of action here is bi-partisan, and the relationships matter. Within just a few hours, I had several of my colleagues, Democrats and Re-publicans, calling, texting, emailing: Hey, Dan, we heard about Alaska. We are seeing these images on TV. We got your back. We are praying for you. And that means a lot. I was talking to Senator P
ATLEAHY , the Senator from Vermont—a Demo-crat from Vermont—this morning about this very issue. He has seen a lot here in the Senate. He has been in the Senate for a long time—over four dec-ades. Do you know what he said to me? It is important to remember that when these kinds of things happen, it re-minds everybody in this body that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.045 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7351 December 6, 2018 
are the United States of America—the United States of America. We take care of each other when we know bad things are happening in different parts of the country. Kind of related again to this reac-tion, Senator M
URKOWSKI and I had the opportunity to go out to the Incident Command Center. Yes, there are times when you don’t feel like the different levels of government are working or coordinating. By the way, our first re-sponders include our military, our Na-tional Guard, which does such a great job. This Incident Command Center would give any American pride because they were all there, almost like a bat-tle, like a war, like an op center, for the military people watching. It was FEMA, it was Federal, it was the mili-tary, it was the State, and it was local, all working like this, literally working together, hand in glove. So to my constituents, we are going to have a long road to recovery, there is no doubt about that, but people are already getting on it. There are going to be frustrations, and we have to work through those. I know people are still scared and nervous and wondering how they are going to pay for all the dam-age, but we are going to work through that together. For my colleagues here in the Sen-ate, you know, we have had a lot of natural disasters over the last few years—at least since I have been here in the Senate—throughout the country. There were hurricanes in Florida, Lou-isiana, and Houston, TX. California just went through horrendous wildfires that killed so many of our fellow Americans. This body acts. This body has acted with disaster relief funding. I remember saying to a number of Senators here and to my constituents that when those big—some of those packages have been big in terms of the funding, in terms of the dollars. Col-leagues said: Hey, Dan, we need your vote on this. None of that money was going to Alaska, but I remember saying each time: You know, I am voting for these packages. Why? I think it is the right thing to do. Also, let’s face it, but for the grace of God go I and my State and my con-stituents. I live in a State where there are all kinds of natural disasters, such as wildfires, earthquakes, volcanoes, tsunamis. But I think that is the atti-tude here in general. When bad things happen—particularly natural disas-ters—to other parts of the country, the vast majority of this body says: Hey, I am going to help. I am going to help. So I am already getting the sense that my colleagues here will make sure that help comes to Alaska as we con-tinue to assess the damage. I also want to just mention to the American people who are watching, in-cluding Alaskans or folks from the lower 48, Senator M
URKOWSKI and Con-gressman Y
OUNG and I held a press con-ference on Friday afternoon after talk-ing to the Federal Government, work-ing closely with our State leaders, to give people information. It was a na-tional press conference—actually na-tional media coverage—so I took the opportunity—a lot of this was still going on, including aftershocks, and we didn’t know. We didn’t know if there were 200 people killed. So I asked peo-ple watching to pray for their fellow Americans up in Alaska. As I mentioned, yes, we were pre-pared. Yes, the building codes in Alas-ka are probably some of the strongest on the planet. I am so proud of our stu-dents, who were trained by great teach-ers. Our first responders were out there in the cold within minutes, let alone others working, and are still doing it, by the way. I have no doubt that part of the rea-son we had zero fatalities, zero deaths with a 7.0 earthquake in a city of al-most 300,000 people—in most parts of the world, there would not be zero deaths; there would probably be thou-sands. I have no doubt that part of the reason is because of those prayers. So I want to thank anyone and everyone who was praying for Alaska that day because I guarantee you, it mattered. To my fellow Alaskans, I again want to thank you. I think that on Friday and even continuing up to today, you represent the best of America, the best of what we as Americans love to see in our fellow Americans: resilience, toughness, preparedness, and helping each other. That was on display and has been on display, and I couldn’t be prouder to represent the great State of Alaska, particularly now. We have a lot of work to do. There are going to be frustrations. It is going to take time. But be assured that we will be working here and at home— Senator MURKOWSKI and I but also with our colleagues—to make our recovery from this massive earthquake as speedy as possible. God bless. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the fol-lowing nomination: Executive Calendar No. 1200. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination as follows: 
The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601 to be Vice Admiral: Vice Admiral James J. Malloy. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. There being no further debate, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Malloy nomination? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING JACK MACKENZIE Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on No-vember 28, Quincy, IL, lost a legend in Coach John ‘‘Jack’’ Butler Mackenzie at the age of 77. Jack was the architect of an amazing soccer program at Quin-cy University. He led the Franciscan school’s soccer program to nine Na-tional Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, NAIA, National Champion-ships and 516 victories, making him the tenth all-time in NCAA history for wins, regardless of division. He did all of this while setting examples as a coach, a father, grandfather, and lead-er. Jack was born on February 26, 1941, to John ‘‘Scottie’’ and Mary Jane Mac-kenzie. He attended McBride High School in 1959 and earned a scholarship to play football at the University of Missouri. After a year, Jack left to at-tend Washington University in St. Louis, earning both a bachelor’s degree in physical education and a master’s in education. Jack married his high school sweet-heart, Sharon Bechtold, in June of 1962. He enjoyed telling people that he fell in love with her in sixth grade. Jack worked at Augustinian Academy in St. Louis and was on the cusp of making a big decision. In 1969, at the urging of his best friend, Frank Longo, who introduced soccer to Quincy, Jack moved from St. Louis to run the Quincy University soccer program. QU had already won 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.047 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7352 December 6, 2018 
two NAIA national championships in the program’s first 5 years of existence when Jack arrived, but the QU Hawks reached new levels of success under Jack. Jack’s Hawks finished in the top three in the national tournament 12 times, including nine championships. They won five consecutive titles from 1977 to 1981. During his four-decade ca-reer, Jack won the NAIA National Coach of the Year four times. Thirty one All-American athletes came out of his program. Jack loved the game of soccer, and soccer’s popularity in Quincy exploded. The Quinsippi Soccer League formed in the late 1960s, helping young kids learn about soccer in elementary school. Jack helped teach adults who volun-teered to coach the league, offered practice drills and strategies for help-ing boys and girls learn the game. With QU’s success, the school moved to NCAA Division I in 1984 and then to Division II in 1995, joining the Great Lakes Valley Conference. Quincy Uni-versity didn’t dominate as they did in the early days of Jack’s tenure, but they regularly made the playoffs and had winning records. In 2011, Jack’s Hawks won the Great Lakes Valley Conference for the first time since joining the conference. It was Jack’s last season coaching the team full time. It wasn’t the biggest victory he had ever had, but it was one he loved like the others. In retirement, Jack remained active in the community. He helped out with Special Olympics teams. He rarely missed a home game of QU’s soccer team. Jack was inducted into the NAIA Hall of Fame, NCAA Hall of Fame, United Soccer Coaches Hall of Fame, St. Louis Players, and QU Hall of Fame. Legends Stadium, where QU plays soccer, has its playing surface named after Jack. Jack Mackenzie had a gift for story-telling and the ability to make some-one’s day more enjoyable. He loved his ‘‘beautiful game,’’ the kids who learned from him, and his family. His best story was really his own. When kids play on Jack Mackenzie field, it will be remembered as a game based on love. Jack is survived by his wife of 56 years, Sharon, and six children—Scott; Christopher, wife Leigh, and their chil-dren, Julian and Isabella; Kevin, wife Susan, and their sons, Andrew, Tyler, and Luke; Brian, wife Bonnie, and their children, Kate and Jack; Beth Hilbing, husband Chad, and their children Jake, Grace, and Sam; and Megan Henke, husband Adam, and their daughter, Genevieve. 
f 
TORNADOES IN ILLINOIS Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on Sat-urday, at least 29 tornadoes reportedly touched down in Illinois in Cass, Chris-tian, DeWitt, Fulton, Macon, Macoupin, Mason, McDonough, McLean, Montgomery, Pike, Schuyler, and Tazewell Counties in central Illi-nois. The National Weather Service is still surveying nearby areas but re-ports this is the biggest December tor-nado outbreak in the history of Illi-nois. One of the touchdowns in Taylorville caused major damage. I spoke with Taylorville mayor Bruce Berry. Thank-fully, no fatalities have been reported, but 20 to 30 people were injured and early reports indicate more than 400 homes and buildings were damaged. Several homes have had roofs damaged and torn off, and others were tragically destroyed. Two days after the storm, 310 house-holds still did not have power, and the schools in Taylorville were closed as a result of the damages. The community is busy cleaning up and utility compa-nies are working to get electricity back on. I am grateful for the dedication of the local first responders, who rescued residents that were trapped inside their homes due to the tornado damage. These responders still have task forces searching for anyone that might need assistance. Local officials and the Illi-nois Emergency Management Agency are also working to make sure commu-nities have the resources to protect critical infrastructure and begin to re-pair damage, a feat that could take months. American Red Cross volun-teers are also providing food, shelter, and water to those in need. Across the region, friends and family have stepped up to help those whose homes and busi-nesses were damaged. The Illinois delegation and I stand ready to assist in any way we can. I want to thank everyone who has been engaged in the response efforts so far, and all those who will take part in re-building damaged homes, businesses, and schools. Illinoisans always rebuild and endure, as we have done many times before—and we are stronger for it. f 
REMEMBERING GEORGE H.W. BUSH Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, this past weekend the news that George H.W. Bush, our 41st President had died, quickly made its way across the coun-try and around the world. Today, I would like to honor the late President George Herbert Walker Bush. I appreciate having this opportunity to celebrate the life and accomplishments of President Bush and to mourn him. His loss will be deeply felt by all of us here in Congress, throughout the Na-tion, and around the world. He is sur-vived by his five children, including former President George W. Bush, former Governor Jeb Bush, Neil, Marvin, and Dorothy Bush, his 17 grandchildren, and 8 great-grand-children. Great thinkers, writers, and other speakers will take up their pens and try to determine President Bush’s place in history, and they will debate his significance to the United States of America and his effect on the world. For those of us who lived through his Presidency, who experienced his time as our leader, those questions and de-bates are unnecessary. His place in his-tory has been determined not by what we say now, but by his actions as Presi-dent, his dignity as a person, and his compassion for others. His dedication to service and humility remained at the forefront, even as he filled the role as leader of the free world. I was serving in the Wyoming Legis-lature and did not work alongside President Bush in Washington, but while I did not have the pleasure of working with him personally, his ca-reer and his life speak to what a re-markable man he was. He was a dedi-cated husband, father, and public serv-ant. He lived his life with honor and distinction, from enlisting in the Navy at the age of 18 during World War II to serving in Congress. He continued his tradition of public service in the execu-tive branch as an ambassador, Vice President, and finally as President. His dedication to serving his country was exemplary. As an ambassador and negotiator, he was a talented diplomat and powerful champion for America’s interests. As President, he worked toward education reform and signed the Americans with Disabilities Act into law, helping to en-sure disabled Americans have opportu-nities others take for granted. He was a practical man who preferred prudence and what is real to the ab-stract and ephemeral. It was this belief in practicality and prudence that al-lowed him to handle some of the most challenging events in our history with calm tenacity. His pragmatic nature allowed President Bush to collaborate and befriend President Bill Clinton, once his political adversary, to help lead the relief efforts to raise funds for the victims of the Indian Ocean tsu-nami. During his Presidency, the Cold War finally ended, the Iron Curtain came down, and the people of Eastern Europe chose freedom. These events left a sin-gular super power amid a world free of major conflict, and he aimed to lead the world into an era where the world would recognize its ‘‘shared responsi-bility for freedom and justice, a world where the strong respect the rights of the weak.’’ President Bush once listed the quali-ties he most cherished and among them were: ‘‘family, . . . love, decency, honor, pride, tolerance, hope, kindness, loyalty, freedom, . . . faith, service to country, [and] fair play . . .’’ He and Barbara passed those values on to their children and lived them in front of the country. In many different ways, they nurtured the next generation of leaders whose contributions have continued to enrich this Nation. President Bush’s faith helped him through many of the more trying times in his life, through his daughter’s death, through his time in war, he was a man who had not one moment but many that helped him turn to God on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.029 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7353 December 6, 2018 
his spiritual journey. He once said, ‘‘I am guided by certain traditions, one is that there’s a God, and He is good and His love, while free has a self-imposed cost: We must be good to one another.’’ This sentiment is emblematic of his life. He served as many things: father, husband, President, humanitarian, and fighter. His life is a study of strong choices and bold strokes across the his-tory of the United States, all of them guided by the strongest fundamentals of right and wrong. I am sure that he is joyous to be reunited with his closest companion, Barbara, and their daugh-ter Robin, in heaven. While America is remembering a combat veteran, a President, and an ambassador, his family will be remem-bering a husband and a father. My wife Diana and I send our thoughts and deepest condolences to the entire Bush family as we mourn the passing of a President. The passing of a loved one, especially someone who has meant so much to so many, has never and will never be an easy burden to bear. How can I adequately speak about the life of a man who has had such a long and distinguished career? By praising the accomplishments of a man who never stopped working to make the world a better place, the man who reached across the political aisle to foster friendships, and by saying thank you. Thank you for your service. Thank you for your leadership. God bless you, and may you and your family find peace. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BOB CORKER Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize a member of the Senate who will be re-tiring at this end of this Congress, my colleague and friend, Senator B
OB C
ORKER . I have had the pleasure of serving in the Senate alongside B
OBfor close to 11 years, and it has been a privilege to work and join with him on a number of legislative efforts. Par-ticularly, I am grateful for his diligent fiscal conservatism on the Budget Committee. I will miss working with him to address our Nation’s fiscal issues. B
OB’s path to the U.S. Senate began at the young age of 25, when he founded his own construction company, which would eventually expand operations in over 18 States. He continued to polish his business acumen thereafter, acquir-ing two of the largest real estate com-panies in Chattanooga in 1999. As a tes-tament to his success in business, he would later be inducted into the Entre-preneurship Hall of Fame at the Uni-versity of Tennessee Chattanooga. B
OB carried his business-oriented results- driven attitude with him when he ran for mayor in the scenic city of Chat-tanooga, TN, at the turn of the millen-nium. As mayor, B
OBexcelled, deliv-ering to Chattanooga denizens a lean and balanced city budget while also lowering the tax rate, among other noteworthy accomplishments. BOB’s path to Washington is one that we shared. I, too, was a businessowner and a mayor before serving in the U.S. Sen-ate. B
OB’s commitment to public service didn’t end in Chattanooga—far from it. His career was just beginning to take off. In 2006, he won one of the most competitive U.S. Senate races of the year. Incidentally, that was the year I met B
OB. My initial impressions of him still hold true today: industrious and principled. Later, I would realize our shared experiences as businessowners and as mayors uniquely shaped our un-derstanding of the proper role and scope of the Federal Government. B
OB quickly ascended in Washington, be-coming chairman of the Foreign Rela-tions Committee and making a name for himself on the Banking Committee. His reputation soon preceded him on a host of issue areas, including housing finance reform and strategic diplomacy abroad. He made his disagreements re-spectfully clear and stood up for what he believed was right. Evidently, the people of Tennessee liked what they saw and handily elected him to a sec-ond term. B
OBshould be incredibly proud of his work and tenure as chairman of For-eign Relations Committee. His breadth of experience on the committee and visits to over 70 countries have pro-vided his colleagues with invaluable in-stitutional insight on the impact American leadership and diplomacy abroad continues to have on our econ-omy and national security. The Elec-trify Africa Act is a significant achievement of the committee I would like to pay special homage to. The bill states it is the policy of the United States to promote first-time power services for at least 50 million people in sub-Saharan Africa by 2020. Having traveled to Africa myself and witnessed firsthand the severe shortage of elec-tricity-generating infrastructure, I know that B
OB’s bill was a noble one. He worked tirelessly on it before it was signed into law in 2015. It is with these memories of his serv-ice that I watch him depart the Senate. His bold presence and tested leadership will be profoundly missed. The mark he has left on the institution will not be forgotten. My wife Diana joins me in sending our very best wishes and grati-tude to B
OBfor his public service. We wish him all the best in his future en-deavors, and we are happy he will be able to spend more time with his wife Elizabeth and his three children. B
OB, from one Sigma Chi alum to an-other, ‘‘In Hoc Signo Vinces’’. May you continue to pursue a life of high ideals, noble purposes, and strong character. Happy trails. 
f 
THE TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PRO-TECTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I wish to speak on S. 1862, the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017. Mr. MENENDEZ. Would the Senator from Tennessee, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, yield for a question? As the sponsor of this legis-lation, would you explain how our bill relates to international exchange pro-grams run by the Department of State that collect program fees to fund pro-gram operations? Mr. CORKER. I appreciate the Sen-ator’s question and his partnership with me on this legislation to advance the fight against modern-day slavery. Our bill and the underlying Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act are de-signed to eliminate forced labor around the world and do not affect the Ex-change Visitor Programs, under the J– 1 visa, which is authorized by Congress and administered by the State Depart-ment. The J–1 exchange programs are important tools that Congress author-ized to enhance mutual exchange and cultural understanding between people in the United States and other coun-tries, and they are subject to regu-latory safeguards and oversight by the Department of State. Recruitment and placement fees referenced in S. 1862 and the Trafficking Victims Protection Act are fundamentally different from the program fees in our international ex-change programs, which are fees re-quired to be charged to program par-ticipants who receive J–1 visas in order to fund the program. Our legislation does not affect the exchange programs, which are an important diplomatic tool which I strongly support. Mr. MENENDEZ. I thank the Senator from Tennessee. I appreciate your ex-planation, which also reflects my un-derstanding, about the difference be-tween international exchange program fees and placement and recruitment fees covered by the bill. Let me con-clude by saying that I agree with you about the importance of our Inter-national Exchange Programs adminis-tered by the Department of State, and I know that Congress has long sup-ported these programs. Mr. CORKER. I thank the Senator from New Jersey and our distinguished ranking member for his question and for working with me to pass this im-portant legislation. f 
HONORING DURELL WADE Mrs. HYDE-SMITH. Mr. President, 77 years after being killed in the attack on Pearl Harbor, AD2 Durell Wade of Calhoun County, MS, will be laid to rest in the North Mississippi Veteran’s Memorial Cemetery. On December 7, 1941, 429 men lost their lives aboard the U.S.S. Oklahoma, including Aviation Machinist’s Mate 2nd Class Wade. He enlisted in the U.S. Navy in 1936 and was in line to be promoted to chief aviation machinist mate shortly before his death. His service in the U.S. Navy helped in the ultimate fight to protect our liberty. The U.S. Department of Defense and its Defense POW/MIA Accounting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.031 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7354 December 6, 2018 
Agency deserve commendation for its work to identify casualties, like Durell Wade, and offer some measure of clo-sure to families of fallen servicemembers. In this instance, I am pleased that Wade’s family, including his 99-year- old sister Nancy, have an opportunity to be part of a burial ceremony with full military honors in Kilmichael, MS. So many families in Mississippi lost loved ones during World War II, but Durell’s long absence made this fam-ily’s sacrifice all the more heart-breaking. I hope the families of those who per-ished on the U.S.S. Oklahoma will find comfort and peace in knowing their loved one’s service in defense of our Nation helped in the ultimate fight to protect our liberty. I ask unanimous consent that an Au-gust 18, 2018, article from The Baton Rouge Advocate titled, ‘‘Pearl Harbor casualty’s remains getting a proper fu-neral ends lifetime of wondering for Baton Rouge family members,’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows: 
[August 18, 2018] P
EARL HARBOR CASUALTY ’SREMAINS GETTING  
APROPER FUNERAL ENDSLIFETIME OF WON-
DERING FOR BATON ROUGE FAMILY MEMBERS  (By George Morris) Seventy-seven years after he was killed, sailor Durell Wade will finally get a proper burial. For his Baton Rouge nephew, it ends a lifetime of wondering. ‘‘I knew that I had his name, and I knew that he died at Pearl Harbor,’’ said Dr. Larry Wade, 75, whose middle name is Durell. ‘‘I’d think about him a lot but never explored and tried to know more about him. He was just Uncle Durell who had been killed at Pearl.’’ This spring, Wade’s family learned that the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency has identified their relative’s remains, as well as others of his shipmates who died in the at-tack that launched the United States into World War II. Naturally, the family is grate-ful. ‘‘Because his body wasn’t recovered when his immediate family was still alive, they didn’t have that resolution,’’ said Lauren McAdams, Larry Wade’s daughter. ‘‘Obvi-ously, we know now it was a time of a lot of distress because there was the confusion of had he survived or had he not.’’ Durell Wade, who was born in rural Cal-houn County, Mississippi, in 1917, was an aviation machinist mate aboard the USS Oklahoma. He had enlisted in the Navy in 1936 and re-enlisted four years later. Larry Wade’s research on his uncle re-vealed him to be a cheerful person who loved to joke and laugh. Late in her life, Durell Wade’s oldest sister, Orena, said he ‘‘loved his life aboard the USS Oklahoma (and) bragged that it could not be sunk.’’ Wade, who was not married, had written home on Sept. 27, 1941, pleased to report that he had passed tests to be promoted to chief aviation machinist mate. ‘‘In one of his letters, he mentioned his fiance´had broken up with him,’’ Larry Wade said. ‘‘He last saw her when he was an avia-tion machinist’s mate third class, and he wanted to propose to her but he knew he could not support her on the kind of income he had then. Right after that, she sent him a ‘Dear John’ letter and she married another guy. He mentions that in one of his letters.’’ On Dec. 7, 1941, five torpedoes from enemy aircraft struck the battleship, which cap-sized in less than 12 minutes, trapping hun-dreds of sailors in their battle stations below deck. The attack killed 429 men on the Okla-homa. Those who perished inside the overturned ship remained there for more than a year be-fore the ship could be righted. Remains that were recovered were hastily buried, said Chuck Pritchard, public affairs director for the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency. After the war ended in 1945, remains were disinterred to identify them using forensic methods available at the time. Thirty-five were identified, and the rest buried again. In 2015, remains from the Oklahoma were disinterred for DNA testing. Family mem-bers, including Larry Wade, were contacted to provide DNA samples. So far, 146 remains from the Oklahoma have been identified. It’s a tiny fraction of the roughly 72,000 unaccounted-for military losses from World War II, but it’s meaningful to each family, Pritchard said. Larry Wade, Lauren McAdams and her hus-band, Brendan McAdams, met with Navy rep-resentatives on Aug. 2 at the American Le-gion Nicholson Post 38 hall, where they re-ceived an inch-thick notebook that included details of how the DPAA identified his re-mains. The notebook also had copies of let-ters between the Navy and family members that revealed something living family mem-bers never knew—that the family erro-neously had been told that Durell Wade had survived before authorities confirmed his death. ‘‘That stirred the family up quite a lot,’’ Larry Wade said. The Navy will pay to have Durell Wade’s remains returned and buried, and the funeral is set for Dec. 7—the 77th anniversary of his death—at North Mississippi Veterans’ Memo-rial Park in Kilmichael, Mississippi. ‘‘I have his name and my grandson has his name, but still, Uncle Durell was just an idea from Pearl Harbor,’’ Larry Wade said. ‘‘I’ve learned a lot about him (by) reading and talking to family members. He’s come much more alive as a person.’’ f 
TRIBUTE TO SARAH HARTLEY Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and congratulate Sarah Hartley, a member of my staff who has served the people of Arkansas over the last 20 years and who will re-tire later this month. Sarah first began her congressional career in 1998 working for then-Con-gressman Asa Hutchinson. When I was elected to fill Representative Hutchinson’s seat representing Arkan-sas’s Third Congressional District in 2001, I was fortunate to have Sarah join my staff lending her expertise in con-stituent services. As a caseworker based in north-cen-tral Arkansas, she has been the pri-mary point of contact for my office when constituents were facing difficul-ties related to their Social Security. She personally assisted thousands of Arkansans who were often facing the most difficult moments of their lives. Her kindness and patience have been a source of comfort and hope, and her persistence has solved countless prob-lems that changed lives. Excellent constituent service has been a commitment of mine since I en-tered public office, and I am indebted and very grateful to Sarah for her many years helping to deliver just that for so many throughout the course of her career. While I regret that her time as a member of my staff is coming to an end, I truly respect and appreciate her commitment to helping her fellow Ar-kansans these last two decades. It has been a pleasure to work alongside her to help get answers for constituents who had nowhere else to turn. Sarah’s knowledge and relationships were the reason that many casework requests were brought to a positive conclusion. My staff and I will miss her many contributions to the important work of assisting Arkansans and being their ad-vocate on matters involving the Fed-eral Government. Even so, I wish her all the best in this next chapter. She will now have more time to do the things she loves, including spending time outdoors exploring everything the Natural State has to offer. Again, I want to congratulate Sarah on her 20 years of service and extend my sincere, heartfelt thanks for the dedication and skill she brought to the job each day as a member of my staff. The difference she has made in the lives of so many Arkansans is a testa-ment to how blessed my staff and I were to serve with her. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO CHIP MORGAN ∑Mrs. HYDE-SMITH. Mr. President, I am proud to honor Chip Morgan of Le-land, MS, for his contributions to the State of Mississippi and the Nation, while serving as Delta Council execu-tive vice president. Delta Council was founded in 1935 by farmers, entrepreneurs and educators committed to improving agriculture production, transportation, and flood control in the Mississippi Delta. Over the years, Delta Council has become a highly respected economic develop-ment organization representing a wide range of issues for northwest Mis-sissippi. I commend Delta Council for its continuous role in improving the quality of life in this unique part of our country, and I applaud Chip Morgan for his many years of good leadership. Chip began his work with Delta Council in 1975, and was promoted to executive vice president in 1982. Under his leadership, Delta Council expanded its influence beyond agriculture and re-lated industry, which are themselves vital to the economic well-being of the Delta and my State overall. The Delta Council today is involved in a number of important areas, including access to healthcare, funding for higher edu-cation, improving adult literacy, among many others. Throughout his tenure as executive vice president, Chip has helped transform innovative concepts and strategies, into meaning-ful results. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.039 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7355 December 6, 2018 
The positive impact Chip has had cannot be quantified, and his awards and achievements are best illustrated by the changes he has made for the Mississippi Delta, rather than on plaques or certificates. Whether through his input on eight farm bills, the successful completion of flood con-trol projects which have brought 100- year flood protection to Delta commu-nities, or his work on major four-lane highway legislation for the State of Mississippi, Chip Morgan has made a difference. Although a native of Oxford, MS, and a graduate of the University of Mis-sissippi, Chip has dedicated his entire professional career to making the Mis-sissippi Delta a better place to live. After leading Delta Council for over four decades, he will soon turn over his role as executive vice president to the more than capable hands of Frank Howell. I wish Frank the best. I am pleased to offer well-deserved congratulations to Chip Morgan on his impressive tenure as council executive vice president. I also share this appre-ciation with his wife, Connie, their two children, Trey and Lindsey, and the many individuals Chip has guided and worked with toward positive outcomes for the Delta and all Mississippi. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 12:27 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following joint resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Sen-ate: 
H.J. Res. 143. Joint resolution making fur-ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The message also announced that the Speaker has signed the following en-rolled bills: 
S. 2377. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. S. 3414. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Is-land, as the ‘‘Captain Matthew J. August Post Office’’. S. 3442. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Missouri, as the ‘‘Arta W. Harrell Post Office’’. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED  
At 2:44 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill and joint resolution: 
H.R. 754. An act to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in rec-ognition of his heroic achievements and cou-rageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. H.J. Res. 143. Joint resolution making fur-ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes. The enrolled bill and joint resolution were subsequently signed by the Presi-dent pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, December 6, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 2377. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. S. 3414. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 20 Ferry Road in Saunderstown, Rhode Is-land, as the ‘‘Captain Matthew J. August Post Office’’. S. 3442. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Duff Street in Macon, Missouri, as the ‘‘Arla W. Harrell Post Office’’. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7374. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Homeland Defense and Global Security), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the ongoing U.S. Government recovery effort of Hurricane Maria; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7375. A communication from the Sec-retary, Department of the Treasury, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the six-month peri-odic report on the national emergency with respect to serious human rights abuse and corruption that was declared in Executive Order 13818 of December 20, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–7376. A communication from the Super-visory Regulations Specialist, Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Subsistence Management Regulations for Public Lands in Alaska— 2018–19 and 2019–20 Subsistence Taking of Wildlife Regulations’’ (RIN1018–BB38) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2018; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. EC–7377. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures on Making a Method Change to Comply with Section 451(b)’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 4, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7378. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Credit for Carbon Oxide Sequestration—Applicable Dollar Amounts’’ (Notice 2018–93) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 4, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7379. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms, parts, and components abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions Lists of bolt-action rifles, components, and sound suppressors to New Zealand in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–060); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–7380. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, the certification of a proposed li-cense for the manufacture of significant military equipment abroad and the export of defense articles, including technical data and defense services, to support the design, development, production, manufacture, as-sembly, operation, repair, testing, inspec-tion, maintenance, modification, and up-grades of the Evolved SeaSparrow Missile (ESSM) Block 1 in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–135); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7381. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license amendment for the export of defense arti-cles, including technical data and defense services, to the Netherlands, Italy, Japan, and the United Kingdom to support the de-livery, manufacture, and testing of conven-tional edge control surfaces for the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–052); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7382. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, the certification of a proposed li-cense for the manufacture of significant military equipment abroad and the export of defense articles, including technical data and defense services, to the Philippines to support the manufacture, integration, instal-lation, operation, testing, maintenance, and repair of 22 TCM and 22 TCM 9R ammunition cartridges in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–096); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7383. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms, parts, and components abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions Lists of semi-automatic ri-fles and pistols, and bolt-action rifles to Peru for commercial resale in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18– 041); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7384. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license amendment for the export of defense arti-cles, including technical data and defense services, to Saudi Arabia to support the inte-gration, installation, operation, training. testing, maintenance, and repair of the Pa-triot Air Defense System (Configuration 3), including upgrade to the Patriot Guidance Enhanced Missile-Tactical (GEMT) in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–014); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–7385. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.033 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7356 December 6, 2018 
the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms, parts, and components abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions Lists of rifles, flash hiders, and rifle major component parts to Canada for commercial resale in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18– 071); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7386. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, the certification of a proposed li-cense for the manufacture of significant military equipment abroad and the export of defense articles, including technical data and defense services, to the United Kingdom to support the design, manufacture, integra-tion, installation, operation, training, test-ing, maintenance, repair, marketing, and sale of the Brimstone Weapon System in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 16–087); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–7387. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions Lists of 9mm semi-automatic pistols to Denmark in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 18–076); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7388. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, Department of the Treasury’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7389. A communication from the Offi-cer, Office for Civil Rights and Civil Lib-erties, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the fiscal year 2017 annual report for the Department’s Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties; to the Committees on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; the Judiciary; and Se-lect Committee on Intelligence. EC–7390. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary of Defense, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department of Defense Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through Sep-tember 30, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7391. A communication from the Board Members of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through Sep-tember 30, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7392. A communication from the Direc-tor, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the establishment of time limitations for deciding habeas corpus death penalty petitions under Title 1 of the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–311. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to asylum; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Report to accompany S. 1403, a bill to amend the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 to establish the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in national service positions to conserve, re-store, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–420). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 32. A bill to provide for conservation, en-hanced recreation opportunities, and devel-opment of renewable energy in the California Desert Conservation Area, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–421). By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works: Report to accompany S. 1857, a bill to es-tablish a compliance deadline of May 15, 2023, for Step 2 emissions standards for new resi-dential wood heaters, new residential hydronic heaters, and forced-air furnaces (Rept. No. 115–422). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Report to accompany S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to estab-lish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance back-log of the National Park Service, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–423). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1548. A bill to designate certain land ad-ministered by the Bureau of Land Manage-ment and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wilderness and national recreation areas and to make additional wild and scenic river designations in the State of Oregon, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE for the Committee on Armed Services. Navy nomination of Vice Adm. James J. Malloy, to be Vice Admiral. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 3714. A bill to encourage, enhance, and integrate Ashanti Alert plans throughout the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. UDALL: S. 3715. A bill to establish a National Wild-life Corridors Program to provide for the protection and restoration of certain native fish, wildlife, and plant species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ): S. 3716. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to repeal the forfeiture rule for peanuts under the nonrecourse marketing assistance loan program, prohibit the use of Federal funds for certain activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. RUBIO): S. 3717. A bill to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act to prohibit certain unfair credit practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 3718. A bill to prohibit Members of Con-gress from purchasing or selling certain in-vestments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. H
AR-
RIS, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. U DALL , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 3719. A bill to expand the grants author-ized under Jennifer’s Law and Kristen’s Act to include processing of unidentified re-mains, resolving missing persons cases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Ms. S
MITH, Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. B OOKER , and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 3720. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Transportation to provide loans for the ac-quisition of electric buses and related infra-structure; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 3721. A bill to amend title 11, United States Code, with respect to the definition of the term ‘‘family farmer’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KENNEDY: S. 3722. A bill to amend the Financial Sta-bility Act of 2010 to provide a criminal pen-alty for unauthorized disclosures by officers or employees of a Federal agency of certain living will and stress test determinations; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. KENNEDY: S. 3723. A bill to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to allow for the registra-tion of venture exchanges, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. WARNER: S. 3724. A bill to improve the processing and oversight by the Federal Government of security clearances and background inves-tigations, and for other purposes; to the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 3725. A bill to prohibit States from retroactively imposing a sales tax collection duty on a remote seller, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. T
ILLIS ): S. 3726. A bill to amend the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act to clarify seasoning require-ments for certain refinanced mortgage loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. GARDNER: S. 3727. A bill to promote remediation of orphan hardrock mines, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: S. 3728. A bill to promote the provision of exercise or fitness equipment, and exercise or fitness classes and instruction, that are accessible to individuals with disabilities; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.010 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7357 December 6, 2018 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. K ING, Mr. D AINES , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ): S. 3729. A bill to recognize and honor the service of individuals who served in the United States Cadet Nurse Corps during World War II, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BOOKER: S. 3730. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a refundable tax credit for certain teachers as a supplement to State efforts to provide teachers with a livable wage; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 3731. A bill to provide regulatory relief to charitable organizations that provide housing assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. Res. 716. A resolution calling for cred-ible, transparent, and safe elections in Nige-ria, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. B LUNT , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. C ASSIDY , and Mr. K
ING): S. Res. 717. A resolution honoring the life and legacy of Rebecca Teresa Weichhand; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. Con. Res. 58. A concurrent resolution recognizing the honorable service of military working dogs and soldier handlers in the tac-tical explosive detection dog program of the Army and encouraging the Army and other government agencies, including law enforce-ment agencies, with former tactical explo-sive detection dogs to prioritize adoption of the dogs to former tactical explosive detec-tion dog handlers; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 206 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 206, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to allow the Sec-retary of Education to award job train-ing Federal Pell Grants. 
S. 422 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 422, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 1446 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1446, a bill to reauthorize the His-torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities Historic Preservation program. S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recogni-tion of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1613 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1613, a bill to amend the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to modernize the funding of wildlife con-servation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1809 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1809, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Transportation to establish the Strengthening Mobility and Revo-lutionizing Transportation (SMART) Challenge Grant Program to promote technological innovation in our Na-tion’s cities. 
S. 2018 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2018, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make the child tax credit fully refundable, establish an increased child tax credit for young children, and for other purposes. 
S. 2063 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2063, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Con-gress certain documents relating to the Electronic Health Record Moderniza-tion Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
S. 2219 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2219, a bill to reduce the number of preventable deaths and injuries caused by underride crashes, to im-prove motor carrier and passenger motor vehicle safety, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2718 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2718, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow workers an above-the-line deduction for union dues and expenses and to allow a mis-cellaneous itemized deduction for workers for all unreimbursed expenses incurred in the trade or business of being an employee. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the Na-tional Park Service, and for other pur-poses. S. 3181 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
AND-
ERS) were added as cosponsors of S. 3181, a bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to include in periodic health assessments, separation history and physical examinations, and other as-sessments an evaluation of whether a member of the Armed Forces has been exposed to open burn pits or toxic air-borne chemicals, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3422 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from Col-orado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3422, a bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish ad-vanced nuclear goals, provide for a versatile, reactor-based fast neutron source, make available high-assay, low-enriched uranium for research, de-velopment, and demonstration of ad-vanced nuclear reactor concepts, and for other purposes. 
S. 3470 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3470, a bill to promote United States- Mongolia trade by authorizing duty- free treatment for certain imports from Mongolia, and for other purposes. 
S. 3611 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cosponsors of S. 3611, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to facilitate the disclosure of tax return information to carry out the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 3649 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3649, a bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon re-lease from prison, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3688 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3688, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make it a criminal offense for individuals to en-gage in sexual acts while acting under color of law or with individuals in their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.016 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7358 December 6, 2018 
custody, to encourage States to adopt similar laws, and for other purposes. 
S. 3698 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3698, a bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to require that the POW/MIA flag be displayed on all days that the flag of the United States is displayed on certain Federal prop-erty. 
S. 3702 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
AS-
SAN) were added as cosponsors of S. 3702, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to prevent the misclassification of drugs for purposes of the Medicaid drug rebate program. 
S.J. RES. 64 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 64, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of the Treasury relat-ing to ‘‘Returns by Exempt Organiza-tions and Returns by Certain Non-Ex-empt Organizations’’. 
S. RES. 633 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 633, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that Congress should take all appropriate measures to ensure that the United States Postal Service remains an inde-pendent establishment of the Federal Government and is not subject to pri-vatization. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. U
DALL , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 3719. A bill to expand the grants authorized under Jennifer’s Law and Kristen’s Act to include processing of unidentified remains, resolving missing persons cases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3719 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Missing Per-sons and Unidentified Remains Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. USE OF GRANT FUNDS. 
(a) J ENNIFER ’SLAW.—Jennifer’s Law (34 U.S.C. 40501 et seq.) is amended— (1) by striking section 202 (34 U.S.C. 40501) and inserting the following: ‘‘SEC. 202. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney General may award grants to eligible enti-ties described in paragraph (2), with priority given to eligible entities in southern border States, to enable the eligible entities to im-prove the transportation, processing, identi-fication, and reporting of missing persons and unidentified remains, including mi-grants. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Eligible entities described in this paragraph are the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) States and units of local government. ‘‘(B) Accredited, government-funded, Com-bined DNA Index System (commonly known as ‘CODIS’) forensic laboratories, which demonstrate the grant funds will be used for DNA typing and uploading biological family DNA reference samples, including samples from foreign nationals, into CODIS, subject to the protocols for inclusion of such foren-sic DNA profiles into CODIS, and the privacy protections required under section 203(c). ‘‘(C) Medical examiners offices. ‘‘(D) Accredited, publicly funded toxi-cology laboratories. ‘‘(E) Accredited, publicly funded crime lab-oratories. ‘‘(F) Publicly funded university forensic anthropology center laboratories. ‘‘(G) Nonprofit organizations that have working collaborative agreements with State and county forensic offices, including medical examiners, coroners, and justices of the peace, for entry of data into CODIS or the National Missing and Unidentified Per-sons System (commonly known as ‘NamUs’), or both.’’; (2) in section 203 (34 U.S.C. 40502)— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘a State’’ and inserting ‘‘an entity described in section 202’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘State’’ and inserting ‘‘appli-cant’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) report to the National Crime Informa-tion Center and, when possible, to law en-forcement authorities throughout the appli-cant’s jurisdiction regarding every deceased unidentified person, regardless of age, found in the applicant’s jurisdiction;’’. (iii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iv) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) collect and report information to the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System (NamUs) regarding missing persons and unidentified remains.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
RIVACY PROTECTIONS FOR BIOLOGICAL  F
AMILY REFERENCE SAMPLES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any suspected biological family DNA reference samples received from citizens of the United States or foreign na-tionals and uploaded into the Combined DNA Index System (commonly referred to as ‘CODIS’) by an accredited, government-fund-ed CODIS forensic laboratory awarded a grant under this section may be used only for identifying missing persons and unidenti-fied remains. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON USE .—Any biological family DNA reference samples from citizens of the United States or foreign nationals en-tered into CODIS for purposes of identifying missing persons and unidentified remains may not be disclosed to a Federal or State law enforcement agency for law enforcement purposes.’’; and (3) by striking section 204 (34 U.S.C. 40503) and inserting the following: ‘‘SEC. 205. USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘An applicant receiving a grant award under this title may use such funds to— ‘‘(1) pay for the costs incurred during or after fiscal year 2017 for the transportation, processing, identification, and reporting of missing persons and unidentified remains, including migrants; ‘‘(2) establish and expand programs devel-oped to improve the reporting of unidentified persons in accordance with the assurances provided in the application submitted pursu-ant to section 203(b); ‘‘(3) hire and maintain additional DNA case analysts and technicians, fingerprint exam-iners, forensic odontologists, and forensic anthropologists, needed to support such identification programs; and ‘‘(4) procure and maintain state of the art multi-modal, multi-purpose forensic and DNA-typing and analytical equipment.’’. (b) K
RISTEN ’SACT.—Section 3 of Kristen’s Act (34 U.S.C. 40504 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATION OF FUNDING. 
‘‘The Attorney General is authorized to use funds otherwise appropriated for the operationalization, maintenance, and expan-sion of the National Missing and Unidenti-fied Persons System (NamUs) for the purpose of carrying out this Act.’’. 
SEC. 3. RESCUE BEACONS. 
Section 411(o) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(o)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
ESCUE BEACONS .—Beginning in fiscal year 2019, in carrying out subsection (c)(8), the Commissioner shall purchase, deploy, and maintain not more than 170 self- powering, 9-1-1 cellular relay rescue beacons along the southern border of the United States at locations determined appropriate by the Commissioner to mitigate migrant deaths.’’. 
SEC. 4. REPORTING ON NATIONAL MISSING AND UNIDENTIFIED PERSONS (NAMUS) PROGRAM. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this act, and every year there-after, the Attorney General shall submit a report to the appropriate committees of Con-gress regarding— (1) the number of unidentified person cases processed; (2) CODIS associations and identifications; (3) the number of anthropology cases proc-essed; (4) the number of suspected border crossing cases and associations made; (5) the number of trials supported with ex-pert testimony; (6) the number of students trained and pro-fessions of those students, and (7) the turnaround time and backlog. 
SEC. 5. OTHER REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) U NIDENTIFIED REMAINS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion shall submit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress regarding all un-identified remains discovered, during the re-porting period, by U.S. Customs and Border Protection on or near the border between the United States and Mexico, including— (1) for each deceased person— (A) the cause and manner of death, if known; (B) the sex, age (at time of death), and country of origin (if such information is de-terminable); (C) the location of each unidentified re-main; and (2) the total number of deceased people whose unidentified remains were discovered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.019 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7359 December 6, 2018 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection dur-ing the reporting period; (3) the efforts of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to engage with nongovernmental organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, medical examiners and coroners, and law enforcement agencies— (A) to identify and map the locations at which migrant deaths occur; and (B) to count the number of deaths that occur at such locations; and (4) a detailed description of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Missing Migrant Program, including how the program helps mitigate migrant deaths while maintaining border security. (b) R
ESCUE BEACONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit a report to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress regarding the use of rescue beacons along the border between the United States and Mexico, including, for the report-ing period— (1) the number of rescue beacons in each border patrol sector; (2) the specific location of each rescue bea-con; (3) the frequency with which each rescue beacon was activated by a person in distress; (4) a description of the nature of the dis-tress that resulted in each rescue beacon ac-tivation (if such information is deter-minable); and (5) an assessment, in consultation with local stakeholders, including elected offi-cials, nongovernmental organizations, and landowners, of necessary additional rescue beacons and recommendations for locations for deployment to reduce migrant deaths. (c) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after the report required under subsection (a) is submitted to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the same committees that describes— (1) how U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion collects and records border-crossing death data; (2) the differences (if any) in U.S. Customs and Border Protection border-crossing death data collection methodology across its sec-tors; (3) how U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion’s data and statistical analysis on trends in the numbers, locations, causes, and char-acteristics of border-crossing deaths com-pare to other sources of data on these deaths, including border county medical examiners and coroners and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; (4) how U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion measures the effectiveness of its pro-grams to mitigate migrant deaths; and (5) the extent to which U.S. Customs and Border Protection engages Federal, State, local, and Tribal governments, foreign diplo-matic and consular posts, and nongovern-mental organizations— (A) to accurately identify deceased individ-uals; (B) to resolve cases involving unidentified remains; (C) to resolve cases involving unidentified persons; and (D) to share information on missing per-sons and unidentified remains, specifically with the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System (NamUs). SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 716—CALL-ING FOR CREDIBLE, TRANS-PARENT, AND SAFE ELECTIONS IN NIGERIA, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. MENENDEZ submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 716 Whereas it is in the best interest of the United States to maintain a strong bilateral relationship with a politically stable, demo-cratic, and economically sound Nigeria that can play a leadership role in the region and the continent more broadly; Whereas Nigeria has presidential elections scheduled for February 16, 2019, and guber-natorial and National Assembly elections scheduled for March 2, 2019; Whereas credible elections could further consolidate democratic gains achieved in Ni-geria over the last two decades since the transition from military to civilian demo-cratic rule; Whereas a 2017 survey conducted by Afrobarometer found that 72 percent of Nige-rians agreed that democratic elections are the best means of choosing their country’s leaders, thus indicating that the country’s citizens are deeply committed to democracy; Whereas collaboration between civil soci-ety actors and the international community was a key factor that contributed to success-ful elections in 2015; Whereas successive elections in Nigeria have featured varying degrees of violence; Whereas there have been deeply concerning instances of hate speech in Nigeria by mem-bers of both the ruling coalition and the op-position inciting supporters to ethnic vio-lence as a means by which to gain electoral advantage, intimidate electoral rivals, or suppress voter turnout; Whereas, during the Ekiti and Osun guber-natorial elections in July 2018 and Sep-tember 2018, respectively, there were con-cerning incidents in which some elements of Nigeria’s security agencies displayed par-tisanship and a lack of objectivity, which risks escalating tensions within the country; Whereas Nigeria’s Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has improved the voting process, notably through the in-troduction of continuous voter registration, the adoption of simultaneous accreditation and voting, improvements to the secrecy of the ballot, and the advancement of smart card reader technology; Whereas the statement of the September 2018 Joint National Democratic Institute/ International Republican Institute Pre-Elec-tion Assessment Mission to Nigeria cited re-maining challenges and concerns such as delays in finalizing the legal framework for the elections, delayed release of funds for the elections, security threats in the Middle Belt and North East, instances of vote-buying, and incitement to violence and disinformation; and Whereas ensuring transparency in elec-toral preparations and building public con-fidence in the electoral process is vital for the success of the upcoming elections in Ni-geria: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reaffirms that the people of the United States will continue to stand with the people of Nigeria in support of peace and democ-racy; (2) calls on the Government of Nigeria and all political parties and actors to— (A) take actions to facilitate elections that are credible, transparent, and peaceful in order to support the will of the people and advance the consolidation of democracy and the stability of the broader region; (B) condemn in the strongest terms the use of hate speech and incitement to violence, and refrain from any rhetoric or action that seeks to demonize or delegitimize opponents, sow division among Nigerians, or otherwise inflame tensions; (C) seek to resolve any disputes over re-sults peacefully, including through the legal system as necessary; and (D) respect the impartiality of the Inde-pendent National Electoral Commission; (3) calls on the Government of Nigeria to— (A) refrain from deploying security forces in a partisan manner; (B) ensure that security services maintain the highest level of professionalism and im-partiality in facilitating the electoral proc-ess, enable accredited observers and journal-ists to perform their work, and protect the right of citizens to exercise their votes free-ly; (C) move expeditiously to finalize the pro-posed reforms to the legal framework for elections and to ensure the disbursement of requisite funds for the 2019 elections, and (D) enforce laws against election malfea-sance, including vote buying, and ensure equal and robust application through such measures as the establishment of the Elec-toral Offenses Commission and Tribunal; (4) urges all Nigerians to fully and peace-fully engage in the electoral process, insist on full enfranchisement, reject inflam-matory or divisive rhetoric or actions, and seek to resolve any disputes over results through the legal system; (5) calls upon the Independent National Electoral Commission to sustain confidence and trust in its management of the electoral process by— (A) taking concrete measures to combat vote buying through voter education cam-paigns, enforcement of laws against voter in-ducement, and a nationwide ban on cell phones in the voting cubicle; (B) releasing specimen ballots well in ad-vance of Election Day so that civil society and other electoral stakeholders can conduct sufficient education to orient voters; (C) making adequate arrangements to en-sure the participation in the election of in-ternally displaced persons (IDPs); and (D) taking steps to clean the voter roll and ensure timely production and distribution of the Permanent Voter Card to new voters; (6) encourages political parties in Nigeria to adhere to and enforce existing codes of conduct that commit parties to democratic electoral standards regarding campaign use of resources, engagement of voters, peaceful resolution of disputes, and acceptance of verified and credible results; (7) condemns any efforts on the part of any politicians or political parties in Nigeria to politicize the security and law enforcement agencies; (8) encourages civil society organizations in Nigeria to— (A) promote the peaceful participation of citizens in the electoral process and draw on existing inter-religious and peacebuilding bodies to enhance their efforts; (B) disseminate information about citizen- based observation findings and analysis to increase public knowledge and under-standing about the conduct of the elections; and (C) continue leading important early warn-ing and response mechanisms to mitigate election-related violence, including through efforts to monitor hate speech and other forms of incitement, and further strengthen democratic processes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.020 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7360 December 6, 2018 
(9) supports efforts by the Department of State, including the Bureau of Conflict and Stabilization Operations, and the United States Agency for International Develop-ment (USAID) to assist election-related preparation in Nigeria, including through programs focused on conflict mitigation; and (10) calls on the United States Government and other international partners, especially election-focused nongovernmental organiza-tions, to— (A) continue to support efforts by the Gov-ernment of Nigeria to address the remaining electoral preparation challenges and identify gaps in which additional resources or diplo-matic engagement could make important contributions to the conduct of the elec-tions; and (B) support civil society organizations and media organizations working towards trans-parency and accountability in the use of state resources around the election period. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 717—HON-ORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF REBECCA TERESA WEICHHAND Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. B LUNT , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. C ASSIDY , and Mr. K
ING) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 717 Whereas Rebecca (‘‘Becky’’) Teresa Weichhand was born on February 25, 1982; Whereas Rebecca Teresa Weichhand was from Stevensville, Michigan, a town of just over 1,000 people, 1 stop light, and a noon whistle to call the farmers in from the fields for lunch; Whereas, at the age of 10, Rebecca Teresa Weichhand knew she wanted to be a lawyer; Whereas, in her first year of college, on a trip to Romania to volunteer with aban-doned children in hospitals and orphanages, Rebecca Teresa Weichhand knew she wanted to use the law to support families and ensure that every child had a place to call home; Whereas Rebecca Teresa Weichhand earned a bachelor’s degree from Cornerstone Univer-sity and a law degree from Regent Univer-sity; Whereas, during law school, Rebecca Te-resa Weichhand was named a Blackstone Legal Fellow and spent a summer in Strasbourg, France, participating in the Re-gent Human Rights Program; Whereas Rebecca Teresa Weichhand served tirelessly as a passionate advocate for chil-dren in foster care and the importance that every child have a forever family; Whereas, as an intern for the Congres-sional Coalition on Adoption Institute in 2008, Rebecca Teresa Weichhand found her home base for her career and platform for service; Whereas, as Policy Director for the Con-gressional Coalition on Adoption Institute from 2009 to 2014, Rebecca Teresa Weichhand— (1) worked closely with Members of Con-gress and congressional staff to raise aware-ness about adoption, foster care, and issues impacting the welfare of children; and (2) led 3 major international policy projects focused on the welfare of children in Haiti, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Malawi, Rwanda, Uganda, and Guatemala; Whereas, as Executive Director for the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Insti-tute from 2014 to 2018, Rebecca Teresa Weichhand— (1) led with passion, gratitude, and an un-wavering voice for children in need of fami-lies; and (2) played an integral role in supporting the Federal adoption tax credit (section 23 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986); Whereas, while serving at the Congres-sional Coalition on Adoption Institute, Re-becca Teresa Weichhand— (1) initiated the Foster Youth Internship policy report project, where former foster youth provide detailed recommendations on child welfare policy to Members of Congress; (2) oversaw the completion of 11 annual policy reports; and (3) served as an advisor, mentor, friend, and extended family member to 11 classes of foster youth interns; Whereas, through tireless work at the Con-gressional Coalition on Adoption Institute, Rebecca Teresa Weichhand— (1) played a significant role in the Angels in Adoption program, recognizing the con-tributions of individuals, families, and orga-nizations across the United States to chil-dren through adoption and improvements in the foster care system; and (2) expanded the scope of the Angels in Adoption program to connect Angels to Members of Congress and congressional staff, enhancing— (A) the reach of the personal stories of the Angels; and (B) advocacy for children in need of fami-lies; Whereas Rebecca Teresa Weichhand was a person of strong faith and lived her beliefs through actions of generosity, kindness, and service to others; Whereas Rebecca Teresa Weichhand passed away on November 27, 2018, after a coura-geous battle with cancer; and Whereas the Senate should continue to work in a bipartisan manner to improve out-comes for all at-risk children, with the goal of ensuring that every child has a forever family: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the dedication of Rebecca Teresa Weichhand to the children in our world who are in need of a permanent, safe, and loving family and the accomplishments and advocacy of Rebecca Teresa Weichhand on behalf of those children; (2) honors the memory of Rebecca Teresa Weichhand by expressing the intent of the Senate to continue working in a bipartisan manner to improve outcomes for youth in foster care, with the goal of ensuring that every child has a forever family; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to follow the example of Rebecca Te-resa Weichhand in expressing kindness, love in action, and compassion for those who need it most. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 58—RECOGNIZING THE HON-ORABLE SERVICE OF MILITARY WORKING DOGS AND SOLDIER HANDLERS IN THE TACTICAL EXPLOSIVE DETECTION DOG PROGRAM OF THE ARMY AND ENCOURAGING THE ARMY AND OTHER GOVERNMENT AGENCIES, INCLUDING LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES, WITH FORMER TAC-TICAL EXPLOSIVE DETECTION DOGS TO PRIORITIZE ADOPTION OF THE DOGS TO FORMER TAC-TICAL EXPLOSIVE DETECTION DOG HANDLERS Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Armed Services: S. C ON. RES. 58 Whereas the 341st Training Squadron, 37th Training Wing at Lackland Air Force Base provides highly trained military working dogs to the Department of Defense and other government agencies; Whereas in 2010, the operational needs of the Army for military working dogs in-creased without an increase in resources to train a sufficient number of dogs for the de-tection of improvised explosive devices at the 341st Training Squadron; Whereas the Army initiated the tactical explosive detection dog program in August 2010 as a nontraditional military working dog program to train and field improvised explosive device detection dogs for use in Af-ghanistan as part of Operation Enduring Freedom; Whereas the tactical explosive detection dog program was created to reduce casual-ties from improvised explosive devices in re-sponse to an increase in the use of asym-metric weapons by the enemy; Whereas the tactical explosive detection dogs were a unique subset of military work-ing dogs because the Army selected and trained soldiers from deploying units to serve as temporary handlers for only the du-ration of deployment to Operation Enduring Freedom; Whereas the tactical explosive detection dogs and their soldier handlers, like other military working dog and handler teams, formed strong bonds while training for com-bat and performing extremely dangerous im-provised explosive device detection missions in service to the United States; Whereas the tactical explosive detection dog program was a nontraditional military working dog program that terminated in February 2014; Whereas at the termination of the tactical explosive detection dog program in February 2014, neither United States law nor Depart-ment of Defense policy established an adop-tion order priority, and Department of De-fense policy only provided that military working dogs be adopted by former handlers, law enforcement agencies, and other persons capable of humanely caring for the animals; Whereas an August 2016 report to Congress by the Air Force entitled ‘‘Tactical Explo-sive Detector Dog (TEDD) Adoption Report’’ concluded that the Army had a limited tran-sition window for the disposition of tactical explosive detection dogs and the lack of a formal comprehensive plan contributed to the disorganized disposition process for the tactical explosive detection dogs; Whereas the August 2016 report stated that, in 2014, the Army disposed of 229 tac-tical explosive detection dogs; Whereas 40 tactical explosive detection dogs were adopted by handlers, 47 dogs were adopted by private individuals, 70 dogs were transferred to Army units, 17 dogs were transferred to other government agencies, 46 dogs were transferred to law enforcement agencies, and 9 dogs were deceased; Whereas the disposition of tactical explo-sive detection dogs was poorly executed, proper procedures outlined in Department of Defense policy were ignored, and, as a result, the former soldier handlers were not pro-vided the opportunity to adopt their tactical explosive detection dogs; Whereas the Army should have delib-erately planned for the disposition of the tactical explosive detection dogs and pro-vided appropriate time to review and con-sider adoption applications to mitigate han-dler and civilian adoption issues; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.021 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7361 December 6, 2018 
Whereas section 342(b) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114-92; 129 Stat. 793) amended section 2583(c) of title 10, United States Code, to modify the list of persons authorized to adopt a military animal and prioritize the list with preference, respectively, to former handlers, other persons capable of humanely caring for the animal, and law enforcement agencies; Whereas since 2000, Congress has passed legislation that protects military working dogs, promotes their welfare, and recognizes the needs of their veteran handlers; Whereas Congress continues to provide oversight of military working dogs to pre-vent a reoccurrence of the disposition issues that affected tactical explosive detection dogs; Whereas former soldier handlers should be reunited with their tactical explosive detec-tion dogs; Whereas congressional recognition of the military service of tactical explosive detec-tion dogs and their former soldier handlers is a small measure of gratitude this legislative body can convey; and Whereas over 4 years have passed since the termination of the tactical explosive detec-tion dog program: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) recognizes the service of military work-ing dogs and soldier handlers from the tac-tical explosive detection dog program; (2) acknowledges that not all tactical ex-plosive detection dogs were adopted by their former soldier handlers; (3) encourages the Army and other govern-ment agencies, including law enforcement agencies, with former tactical explosive de-tection dogs to prioritize adoption to former tactical explosive detection dog handlers; and (4) honors the sacrifices made by tactical explosive detection dogs and their soldier handlers in combat. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4069. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. R ISCH (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. W YDEN )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3119, to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its tributaries to protect endan-gered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species. SA 4070. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. Y
OUNG ) pro- posed an amendment to the bill S. 2276, to re-quire agencies to submit reports on out-standing recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress. SA 4071. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. J
OHNSON ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2454, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to establish a data framework to provide access for appropriate personnel to law en-forcement and other information of the De-partment, and for other purposes. SA 4072. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. W
ARNER (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 5075, to encour-age, enhance, and integrate Ashanti Alert plans throughout the United States, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4069. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. R
ISCH (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. W
YDEN )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3119, to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its tributaries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species; as follows: Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Endangered Salmon Predation Prevention Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) preventing predation by sea lions, re-covery of listed salmonid stocks, and pre-venting future listings of fish stocks in the Columbia River under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) is a vital priority; and (2) the Federal Government should con-tinue to fund lethal and nonlethal removal, and deterrence, measures for preventing such predation. 
SEC. 3. TAKING OF SEA LIONS ON THE COLUMBIA RIVER AND ITS TRIBUTARIES TO PROTECT ENDANGERED AND THREATENED SPECIES OF SALMON AND OTHER NONLISTED FISH SPE-CIES. 
Section 120(f) of the Marine Mammal Pro-tection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1389(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) T
EMPORARY MARINE MAMMAL REMOVAL  A
UTHORITY ON THE WATERS OF THE COLUMBIA  R
IVER OR ITSTRIBUTARIES .— ‘‘(1) R
EMOVAL AUTHORITY .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this Act, the Secretary may issue a permit to an eligible entity to authorize the intentional lethal taking on the waters of the Columbia River and its tributaries of individually identifi-able sea lions that are part of a population or stock that is not categorized under this Act as depleted or strategic for the purpose of protecting— ‘‘(A) species of salmon, steelhead, or eulachon that are listed as endangered spe-cies or threatened species under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and ‘‘(B) species of lamprey or sturgeon that are not so listed as endangered or threatened but are listed as a species of concern. ‘‘(2) P
ERMIT PROCESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity may apply to the Secretary for a permit under this subsection. ‘‘(B) T
IMELINES AND PROCEDURES OF APPLI -
CATION .—The timelines and procedures de-scribed in subsection (c) shall apply to appli-cations for permits under this subsection in the same manner such timelines apply to ap-plications under subsection (b). ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall establish procedures to coordinate issuance of permits under this subsection, including application procedures and timelines, delega-tion and revocation of permits to and be-tween eligible entities, monitoring, periodic review, and geographic, seasonal take, and species-specific considerations. ‘‘(D) D
URATION OF PERMIT .—A permit under this subsection shall be effective for a period of not more than 5 years, and may be re-newed by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS ON ANNUAL TAKINGS .—The Secretary shall apply the process for deter-mining limitations on annual take of sea lions under subsection (c) to determinations on limitations under this subsection, and the cumulative number of sea lions authorized to be taken each year under all permits in ef-fect under this subsection shall not exceed 10 percent of the annual potential biological re-moval level for sea lions. ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED INDIVIDUALS .—Intentional lethal takings under this subsection shall— ‘‘(A) be humane within the meaning of such term under section 3(4); ‘‘(B) require that capture, husbandry, transportation, and euthanasia protocols are based on standards propagated by an Institu-tional Animal Care and Use Committee and that primary euthanasia be limited to hu-mane chemical methods; and ‘‘(C) be implemented by agencies or quali-fied individuals described in subsection (c)(4), or by individuals employed by the eli-gible entities described in paragraph (6). ‘‘(5) SUSPENSION OF PERMITTING AUTHOR -
ITY.—If, 5 years after the date of the enact-ment of the Endangered Salmon Predation Prevention Act, the Secretary, after con-sulting with State and tribal fishery man-agers, determines that lethal removal au-thority is no longer necessary to protect salmonid and other fish species from sea lion predation, the Secretary shall suspend the issuance of permits under this subsection. ‘‘(6) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(i) with respect to removal in the mainstem of the Columbia River, from river mile 112 to the McNary Dam and its tribu-taries in the State of Washington, and its tributaries in the State of Oregon above Bon-neville Dam, the State of Washington, the State of Oregon, and the State of Idaho; ‘‘(ii) with respect to removal in the mainstem Columbia River from river mile 112 to the McNary Dam and its tributaries within the State of Washington and in any of its tributaries above Bonneville Dam within the State of Oregon, the Nez Perce Tribe, the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation, the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation of Oregon, and the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation; and ‘‘(iii) with respect to removal in the Wil-lamette River and other tributaries of the Columbia River within the State of Oregon below Bonneville Dam, a committee recog-nized by the Secretary under subparagraph (D). ‘‘(B) D
ELEGATION AUTHORITY .—The Sec-retary may allow eligible entities described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) to delegate their authority under a permit under this subsection to the Columbia River Intertribal Fish Commission for removal in the mainstem of the Columbia River above river mile 112 and below McNary Dam, in the Columbia River tributaries in the State of Washington, or in tributaries within the State of Oregon above Bonneville Dam and below McNary Dam. ‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL DELEGATION AUTHORITY .— The Secretary may allow an eligible entity described in subparagraph (A)(i) to delegate its authority under a permit under this sub-section to any entity described in subclause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) with respect to removal in the mainstem of the Columbia River above river mile 112 and below McNary Dam, in the Columbia River tributaries in the State of Washington, or in tributaries in the State of Oregon above Bonneville Dam and below McNary Dam. ‘‘(D) C
OMMITTEE REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall rec-ognize a committee established in accord-ance with this subparagraph as being eligible for a permit under this subsection, for pur-poses of subparagraph (A)(iii). ‘‘(ii) M
EMBERSHIP .—A committee estab-lished under this subparagraph shall consist of the State of Oregon and each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) The Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indi-ans or the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community, or both. ‘‘(II) The Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs or the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Reservation, or both. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.023 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7362 December 6, 2018 
‘‘(iii) M AJORITY AGREEMENT REQUIRED .—A committee established under this subpara-graph may take action with respect to a per-mit application and removal under this sub-section only with majority agreement by the committee members. ‘‘(iv) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA .—The Fed- eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to a committee established under this subparagraph. ‘‘(7) I
NDIVIDUAL EXCEPTION .—For purposes of this subsection, any sea lion located up-stream of river mile 112 and downstream of McNary Dam, or in any tributary to the Co-lumbia River that includes spawning habitat of threatened or endangered salmon or steelhead is deemed to be individually iden-tifiable. ‘‘(8) S
IGNIFICANT NEGATIVE IMPACT EXCEP -
TION.—For purposes of this subsection, any sea lion located in the mainstem of the Co-lumbia River upstream of river mile 112 and downstream of McNary Dam, or in any tribu-tary to the Columbia River that includes spawning habitat of threatened or endan-gered salmon or steelhead is deemed to be having a significant negative impact, within the meaning of subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(9) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given such term in section 4 of the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304).’’. 
SEC. 4. TREATY RIGHTS OF FEDERALLY RECOG-NIZED INDIAN TRIBES. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to en-large, confirm, adjudicate, affect, or modify any treaty or other right of an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). 
SEC. 5. REPORT. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Com-merce shall study and report to Congress on the effects of deterrence and the lethal tak-ing of sea lions on the recovery of endan-gered and threatened salmon and steelhead stocks in the waters of the Columbia River and the tributaries of the Columbia River subject to section 120(f) of the Marine Mam-mal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1389(f)), as amended by this Act. 
SA 4070. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. Y
OUNG ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2276, to require agencies to sub-mit reports on outstanding rec-ommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Good Ac-counting Obligation in Government Act’’ or the ‘‘GAO-IG Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTS ON OUTSTANDING GOVERN-MENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE AND INSPECTOR GENERAL REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ means— (1) a designated Federal entity, as defined in section 8G(a)(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); (2) an establishment, as defined in section 12(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (3) legislative branch agencies, including the Government Publishing Office, the Li-brary of Congress, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, and the United States Capitol Police. (b) R
EQUIRED REPORTS .—In the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, as submitted with the budget of the Presi-dent under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, each agency shall include— (1) a report listing each public rec-ommendation of the Government Account-ability Office that is designated by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’ for a period of not less than 1 year preceding the date on which the annual budget justification is submitted; (2) a report listing each public rec-ommendation for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency that— (A) was published not less than 1 year be-fore the date on which the annual budget justification is submitted; and (B) for which no final action was taken as of the date on which the annual budget jus-tification is submitted; and (3) a report on the implementation status of each public recommendation described in paragraphs (1) and (2), which shall include— (A) with respect to a public recommenda-tion that is designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’— (i) that the agency has decided not to im-plement, a detailed justification for the deci-sion; or (ii) that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for full implementation, to the ex-tent practicable, if the agency determines that the recommendation has clear budget implications; (B) with respect to a public recommenda-tion for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency for which no final action or action not recommended has been taken, an explanation of the reasons why no final action or action not rec-ommended was taken with respect to each audit report to which the public rec-ommendation for corrective action pertains; (C) with respect to an outstanding unimplemented public recommendation from the Office of Inspector General of the agency that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for implementation; (D) an explanation for any discrepancy be-tween— (i) the reports submitted under paragraphs (1) and (2); (ii) the semiannual reports submitted by the Office of Inspector General of the agency under section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (iii) reports submitted by the Government Accountability Office relating to public rec-ommendations that are designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’; and (E) for the first 12 months after a public recommendation is made, if the agency is de-termining whether to implement the public recommendation, a statement describing that the agency is doing so, which shall ex-empt the agency from the requirements under subparagraphs (B) and (C) with respect to that public recommendation. (c) COPIES OF SUBMISSIONS .—Each agency shall provide a copy of the information sub-mitted under subsection (b) to the Govern-ment Accountability Office and the Office of Inspector General of the agency. 
SEC. 3. TIMELINE FOR AGENCY STATEMENTS. 
Section 720(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘61st’’ and inserting ‘‘181st’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘60’’ and inserting ‘‘180’’. 
SA 4071. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. J OHN-
SON) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2454, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appro-priate personnel to law enforcement and other information of the Depart-ment, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Data Framework Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY DATA FRAMEWORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall develop a data frame-work to integrate existing Department of Homeland Security datasets and systems, as appropriate, for access by authorized per-sonnel in a manner consistent with relevant legal authorities and privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties policies and protections. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In developing the framework required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall en-sure, in accordance with all applicable statu-tory and regulatory requirements, the fol-lowing information is included: (A) All information acquired, held, or ob-tained by an office or component of the De-partment of Homeland Security that falls within the scope of the information sharing environment, including homeland security information, terrorism information, weapons of mass destruction information, and na-tional intelligence. (B) Any information or intelligence rel-evant to priority mission needs and capa-bility requirements of the homeland security enterprise, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. (b) D
ATAFRAMEWORK ACCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall ensure that the data framework required under this section is ac-cessible to employees of the Department of Homeland Security who the Secretary deter-mines— (A) have an appropriate security clearance; (B) are assigned to perform a function that requires access to information in such framework; and (C) are trained in applicable standards for safeguarding and using such information. (2) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (A) issue guidance for Department of Homeland Security employees authorized to access and contribute to the data framework pursuant to paragraph (1); and (B) ensure that such guidance enforces a duty to share between offices and compo-nents of the Department when accessing or contributing to such framework for mission needs. (3) E
FFICIENCY .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall promulgate data stand-ards and instruct components of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to make avail-able information through the data frame-work required under this section in a ma-chine-readable standard format, to the great-est extent practicable. (c) E
XCLUSION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may exclude in-formation from the data framework required under this section if the Secretary deter-mines inclusion of such information may— (1) jeopardize the protection of sources, methods, or activities; (2) compromise a criminal or national se-curity investigation; (3) be inconsistent with other Federal laws or regulations; or (4) be duplicative or not serve an oper-ational purpose if included in such frame-work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.025 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7363 December 6, 2018 
(d) S AFEGUARDS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall incorporate into the data framework required under this section sys-tems capabilities for auditing and ensuring the security of information included in such framework. Such capabilities shall include the following: (1) Mechanisms for identifying insider threats. (2) Mechanisms for identifying security risks. (3) Safeguards for privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties. (e) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure the data framework re-quired under this section has the ability to include appropriate information in existence within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to meet the critical mission operations of the Department of Homeland Security. (f) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .— (1) S
TATUS UPDATES .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees regular updates on the status of the data framework until the framework is fully operational. (2) O
PERATIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the data framework required under this section is fully operational, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide notice to the appro-priate congressional committees that the data framework is fully operational. (3) V
ALUE ADDED .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall annually brief Congress on component use of the data framework re-quired under this section to support oper-ations that disrupt terrorist activities and incidents in the homeland. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEE ; HOMELAND .—The terms ‘‘appropriate congressional committee’’ and ‘‘homeland’’ have the meaning given those terms in sec-tion 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). (2) H
OMELAND SECURITY INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘homeland security information’’ has the meaning given such term in section 892 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 482). (3) N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .—The term ‘‘na-tional intelligence’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(5) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(5)). (4) T
ERRORISM INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘terrorism information’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1016 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 485). 
SA 4072. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. W AR-
NER(for himself and Mr. B LUMENTHAL )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 5075, to encourage, enhance, and integrate Ashanti Alert plans through-out the United States, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ashanti Alert Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF ASHANTI ALERT COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK. 
Kristen’s Act (Public Law 106–468; 114 Stat. 2027) is amended— (1) by inserting before section 2 (34 U.S.C. 40504) the following: ‘‘TITLE I—GRANTS’’; (2) by redesignating sections 2 (34 U.S.C. 40504) and 3 (34 U.S.C. 40504 note) as sections 101 and 102, respectively; (3) in section 101(b), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this title’’; (4) in section 102, as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this title’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE II—ASHANTI ALERT COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK ‘‘SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) AMBER 
ALERT COMMUNICATIONS NET -
WORK .—The term ‘AMBER Alert communica-tions network’ means the AMBER Alert communications network established under subtitle A of title III of the PROTECT Act (34 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.). ‘‘(2) A
SHANTI ALERT .—The term ‘Ashanti Alert’ means an alert issued through the Ashanti Alert communications network, re-lated to a missing adult. ‘‘(3) A
SHANTI ALERT COMMUNICATIONS NET -
WORK .—The term ‘Ashanti Alert communica-tions network’ means the national commu-nications network established by the Attor-ney General under section 202(a). ‘‘(4) A
SHANTI ALERT COORDINATOR OF THE  
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE ; COORDINATOR .—The term ‘Ashanti Alert Coordinator of the De-partment of Justice’ or ‘Coordinator’ means the employee designated by the Attorney General to act as the national coordinator of the Ashanti Alert communications network under section 203(a). ‘‘(5) A
SHANTI ALERT PLAN .—The term ‘Ashanti Alert plan’ means a local element of the Ashanti Alert communications net-work. ‘‘(6) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian Tribe’ means a federally recognized Indian Tribe or a Native village, Regional Corporation, or Village Corporation (as those terms are de-fined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)). ‘‘(7) M
ISSING ADULT .—The term ‘missing adult’ means an individual who— ‘‘(A) is older than the age for which an alert may be issued through the AMBER Alert communications network in the State or territory of an Indian Tribe in which the individual is identified as a missing indi-vidual; ‘‘(B) is identified by a law enforcement agency as a missing individual; and ‘‘(C) meets the requirements to be des-ignated as a missing adult, as determined by the State in which, or the Indian Tribe in the territory of which, the individual is iden-tified as a missing individual. ‘‘(8) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, Amer-ican Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
‘‘SEC. 202. ASHANTI ALERT COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall, subject to the availability of appro-priations, establish a national communica-tions network within the Office of Justice Programs of the Department of Justice to provide assistance to regional and local search efforts for missing adults through the initiation, facilitation, and promotion of local elements of the network, in coordina-tion with States, Indian Tribes, units of local government, law enforcement agencies, and other concerned entities with expertise in providing services to adults. ‘‘(b) I
NTEGRATION WITHEXISTING COMMU -
NICATIONS NETWORK .—In establishing the Ashanti Alert communications network under subsection (a), the Attorney General shall coordinate, when advisable, with miss-ing person alert systems in existence as of the date of enactment of this title, such as the AMBER Alert communications network and Silver Alert communications networks. ‘‘SEC. 203. ASHANTI ALERT COORDINATOR. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL COORDINATOR WITHIN DE-
PARTMENT OF JUSTICE .—The Attorney Gen-eral shall designate an employee of the Of-fice of Justice Programs of the Department of Justice to act as the national coordinator of the Ashanti Alert communications net-work. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES OF THE COORDINATOR .—In act- ing as the national coordinator of the Ashanti Alert communications network, the Coordinator shall— ‘‘(1) work with States and Indian Tribes to encourage the development of additional Ashanti Alert plans in the network; ‘‘(2) establish voluntary guidelines for States and Indian Tribes to use in developing Ashanti Alert plans that will promote com-patible and integrated Ashanti Alert plans throughout the United States, including— ‘‘(A) a list of the resources necessary to es-tablish an Ashanti Alert plan; ‘‘(B) criteria for evaluating whether a situ-ation warrants issuing an Ashanti Alert, taking into consideration the need for the use of Ashanti Alerts to be limited in scope because the effectiveness of the Ashanti Alert communications network may be af-fected by overuse, including criteria to de-termine— ‘‘(i) whether the mental capacity of an adult who is missing, and the circumstances of his or her disappearance, including any history of domestic violence, sexual assault, child abuse, or human trafficking, warrant the issuance of an Ashanti Alert; and ‘‘(ii) whether the individual who reports that an adult is missing is an appropriate and credible source on which to base the issuance of an Ashanti Alert; ‘‘(C) a description of the appropriate uses of the Ashanti Alert name to readily identify the nature of search efforts for missing adults; and ‘‘(D) recommendations on how to protect the privacy, dignity, independence, auton-omy, and safety of any missing adult who may be the subject of an Ashanti Alert; ‘‘(3) develop proposed protocols for efforts to recover missing adults and to reduce the number of adults who are reported missing, including protocols for procedures that are needed from the time of initial notification of a law enforcement agency that the adult is missing through the time of the return of the adult to family, guardian, or domicile, as appropriate, including— ‘‘(A) public safety communications pro-tocol; ‘‘(B) case management protocol; ‘‘(C) command center operations; ‘‘(D) reunification protocol; ‘‘(E) incident review, evaluation, debrief-ing, and public information procedures; and ‘‘(F) protocols for declining to issue an Ashanti Alert; ‘‘(4) work with States and Indian Tribes to ensure appropriate regional coordination of various elements of the network; ‘‘(5) establish an advisory group to assist States, Indian Tribes, units of local govern-ment, law enforcement agencies, and other entities involved in the Ashanti Alert com-munications network with initiating, facili-tating, and promoting Ashanti Alert plans, which shall include— ‘‘(A) to the maximum extent practicable, representation from the various geographic regions of the United States; and ‘‘(B) members who are— ‘‘(i) representatives of adult citizen advo-cacy groups, law enforcement agencies, vic-tim service providers (as defined in section 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291(a)), and public safety communications; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.026 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7364 December 6, 2018 
‘‘(ii) broadcasters, first responders, dis-patchers, and radio station personnel; and ‘‘(iii) representatives of any other individ-uals or organizations that the Coordinator determines are necessary to the success of the Ashanti Alert communications network; and ‘‘(6) act as the nationwide point of contact for— ‘‘(A) the development of the network; and ‘‘(B) regional coordination of alerts for missing adults through the network. ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .— ‘‘(1) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER AGENCIES .— The Coordinator shall coordinate and con-sult with the Secretary of Transportation, the Federal Communications Commission, the Assistant Secretary for Aging of the De-partment of Health and Human Services, and other appropriate offices of the Department of Justice, including the Office on Violence Against Women, in carrying out activities under this title. ‘‘(2) S
TATE , TRIBAL , AND LOCAL COORDINA -
TION.—The Coordinator shall consult with local broadcasters and State, Tribal, and local law enforcement agencies in estab-lishing minimum standards under section 204 and in carrying out other activities under this title, as appropriate. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this title, and annually thereafter, the Coordinator shall submit to Congress a report on— ‘‘(A) the activities of the Coordinator; and ‘‘(B) the effectiveness and status of the Ashanti Alert plan of each State or Indian Tribe that has established or is in the proc-ess of establishing such a plan. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) a list of each State or Indian Tribe that has established an Ashanti Alert plan; ‘‘(B) a list of each State or Indian Tribe that is in the process of establishing an Ashanti Alert plan; ‘‘(C) for each State or Indian Tribe that has established an Ashanti Alert plan, to the extent the data is available— ‘‘(i) the number of Ashanti Alerts issued; ‘‘(ii) the number of missing adults located successfully; ‘‘(iii) the average period of time between the issuance of an Ashanti Alert and the lo-cation of the missing adult for whom the Alert was issued; ‘‘(iv) the State or Tribal agency or author-ity issuing Ashanti Alerts, and the process by which Ashanti Alerts are disseminated; ‘‘(v) the cost of establishing and operating the Ashanti Alert plan; ‘‘(vi) the criteria used by the State or In-dian Tribe to determine whether to issue an Ashanti Alert; and ‘‘(vii) the extent to which missing adults for whom Ashanti Alerts were issued crossed State lines or territorial borders of an Indian Tribe; ‘‘(D) actions States and Indian Tribes have taken to protect the privacy and dignity of the missing adults for whom Ashanti Alerts are issued; ‘‘(E) ways that States and Indian Tribes have facilitated and improved communica-tion about missing adults between families, caregivers, law enforcement officials, and other authorities; and ‘‘(F) any other information the Coordi-nator determines to be appropriate. 
‘‘SEC. 204. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR ISSUANCE AND DISSEMINATION OF ALERTS THROUGH ASHANTI ALERT COMMU-NICATIONS NETWORK. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF MINIMUM STAND -
ARDS .—Subject to subsection (b), the Coordi-nator shall establish minimum standards for— ‘‘(1) the issuance of alerts through the Ashanti Alert communications network; and ‘‘(2) the extent of the dissemination of alerts issued through the Ashanti Alert com-munications network. ‘‘(b) LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The minimum standards established under sub-section (a) shall, to the maximum extent practicable (as determined by the Coordi-nator in consultation with State, Tribal, and local law enforcement agencies), provide for the dissemination of appropriate informa-tion relating to the special needs of a miss-ing adult (including health care needs) to the appropriate law enforcement, public health, and other public officials. ‘‘(2) G
EOGRAPHIC AREAS .—The minimum standards established under subsection (a) shall, to the maximum extent practicable (as determined by the Coordinator in consulta-tion with State, Tribal, and local law en-forcement agencies), provide that the dis-semination of an alert through the Ashanti Alert communications network shall be lim-ited to the geographic areas that the missing adult could reasonably reach, considering— ‘‘(A) the circumstances and physical and mental condition of the missing adult; ‘‘(B) the modes of transportation available to the missing adult; and ‘‘(C) the circumstances of the disappear-ance. ‘‘(3) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—The minimum standards established under subsection (a) shall require that, in order for an Ashanti Alert to be issued for a missing adult, the missing adult— ‘‘(A) suffers from a proven mental or phys-ical disability, as documented by a source determined credible by an appropriate law enforcement agency; or ‘‘(B) be missing under circumstances that indicate, as determined by an appropriate law enforcement agency— ‘‘(i) that the physical safety of the missing adult may be endangered; or ‘‘(ii) that the disappearance of the missing adult may not have been voluntary, includ-ing an abduction or kidnapping. ‘‘(4) S
AFETY , PRIVACY , AND CIVIL LIBERTIES  
PROTECTIONS .—The minimum standards es-tablished under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(A) ensure that alerts issued through the Ashanti Alert communications network comply with all applicable Federal, State, Tribal, and local privacy laws and regula-tions; ‘‘(B) include standards that specifically provide for the protection of the civil lib-erties and sensitive medical information of missing adults; and ‘‘(C) include standards requiring, as appro-priate, a review of relevant court records, prior contacts with law enforcement, and other information relevant to the missing adult or the individual reporting, in order to provide protections against domestic vio-lence. ‘‘(5) S
TATE , TRIBAL , AND LOCAL VOLUNTARY  
COORDINATION .—In establishing minimum standards under subsection (a), the Coordi-nator may not interfere with the system of voluntary coordination between local broad-casters and State, Tribal, and local law en-forcement agencies for purposes of regional and local search efforts for missing adults that was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this title. 
‘‘SEC. 205. VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION. 
‘‘The minimum standards established under section 204(a), and any other guide-lines and programs established under section 203, shall be adoptable on a voluntary basis only. ‘‘SEC. 206. TRAINING AND EDUCATIONAL PRO-GRAMS. 
‘‘The Coordinator shall make available to States, Indian Tribes, units of local govern-ment, law enforcement agencies, and other concerned entities that are involved in initi-ating, facilitating, or promoting Ashanti Alert plans, including broadcasters, first re-sponders, dispatchers, public safety commu-nications personnel, and radio station per-sonnel— ‘‘(1) training and educational programs re-lated to the Ashanti Alert communications network and the capabilities, limitations, and anticipated behaviors of missing adults, which the Coordinator shall update regularly to encourage the use of new tools, tech-nologies, and resources in Ashanti Alert plans; and ‘‘(2) informational materials, including brochures, videos, posters, and websites to support and supplement the training and educational programs described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘SEC. 207. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General $3,000,000 to carry out the Ashanti Alert communications network as authorized under this title for each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2022.’’. 
SEC. 3. EMERGENCY FEDERAL LAW ENFORCE-MENT ASSISTANCE. 
Section 609Y(a) of the Justice Assistance Act of 1984 (34 U.S.C. 50112(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, December 6, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hear-ing. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, December 6, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Proxy process and Rules: Examining current practices and potential changes.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION  
The Committee on Rules and Admin-istration is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, December 6, 2018, at 11 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Architect of the Capitol’s Human Re-sources Policies.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, December 6, 2018, at 2 p.m., to conduct a closed hearing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.027 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7365 December 6, 2018 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AFRICA AND GLOBAL HEALTH  
POLICY  
The Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy of the Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, December 6, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Zimbabwe After the Elections.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON OCEANS , ATMOSPHERE , 
FISHERIES , AND COAST GUARD  
The Subcommittee on Oceans, At-mosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, December 6, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Preparing for maritime transpor-tation in a changing arctic.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for Abigail Regitsky, a fellow in my office, to be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of this Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL GME SUP-PORT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 387, S. 2597. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2597) to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that oper-ate graduate medical education programs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2597) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2597 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROGRAM OF PAYMENTS TO CHILDREN’S HOSPITALS THAT OPERATE GRAD-UATE MEDICAL EDUCATION PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 340E of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018, and each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; (2) in subsection (b)(3)(D), by inserting ‘‘and the end of fiscal year 2022,’’ after ‘‘fis-cal year 2018,’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘;’’; (ii) in clause (v), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, $110,000,000.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘;’’; (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, $220,000,000.’’. f SAVANNA’S ACT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 715, S. 1942. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1942) to direct the Attorney Gen-eral to review, revise, and develop law en-forcement and justice protocols appropriate to address missing and murdered Indians, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as ‘‘Savanna’s Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) On some reservations, Indian women are murdered at more than 10 times the national av-erage. (2) American Indians and Alaska Natives are 2.5 times as likely to experience violent crimes— and at least 2 times more likely to experience rape or sexual assault crimes—compared to all other races according to the National Congress of American Indians. (3) More than 4 in 5 American Indian and Alaska Native women, or 84.3 percent, have ex-perienced violence in their lifetime according to the National Institute of Justice. (4) More than 4 in 5 American Indian and Alaska Native men, or 81.6 percent, have experi-enced violence in their lifetime according to the National Institute of Justice. (5) According to the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention, homicide is the third lead-ing cause of death among American Indian and Alaska Native women between 10 and 24 years of age and the fifth leading cause of death for American Indian and Alaska Native women be-tween 25 and 34 years of age. (6) Investigation into cases of missing and murdered Indian women is made difficult for Tribal law enforcement agencies due to a lack of resources, such as— (A) necessary training, equipment, or funding; (B) a lack of interagency cooperation; and (C) a lack of appropriate laws in place. (7) The complicated jurisdictional scheme that exists in Indian country— (A) has a significant negative impact on the ability to provide public safety to Indian com-munities; (B) has been increasingly exploited by crimi-nals; and (C) requires a high degree of commitment and cooperation among Tribal, Federal, and State law enforcement officials. (b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of this Act are— (1) to clarify the responsibilities of Federal, State, Tribal, and local law enforcement agen-cies with respect to responding to cases of miss-ing and murdered Indians; (2) to increase coordination and communica-tion among Federal, State, Tribal, and local law enforcement agencies, including medical exam-iner and coroner offices; (3) to empower Tribal governments with the resources and information necessary to effec-tively respond to cases of missing and murdered Indians; and (4) to increase the collection of data related to missing and murdered Indian men and women and the sharing of information among Federal, State, and Tribal officials responsible for re-sponding to and investigating cases of missing and murdered Indians. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
ATABASES .—The term ‘‘databases’’ means— (A) the National Crime Information Center database; (B) the Combined DNA Index System; (C) the Next Generation Identification System; and (D) any other database relevant to responding to cases of missing and murdered Indians, in-cluding that under the Violent Criminal Appre-hension Program and the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System. (2) I
NDIAN .—The term ‘‘Indian’’ means a mem-ber of an Indian Tribe. (3) I
NDIAN COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘Indian coun-try’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code. (4) I
NDIAN LAND .—The term ‘‘Indian land’’ means— (A) Indian lands, as defined in section 3 of the Native American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000 (25 U.S.C. 4302); and (B) land owned by a Regional Corporation or Village Corporation, as such terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act (43 U.S.C. 1602). (5) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian Tribe’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (6) L
AW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY .—The term ‘‘law enforcement agency’’ means a Tribal, Fed-eral, State, or local law enforcement agency. 
SEC. 4. IMPROVING TRIBAL ACCESS TO DATA-BASES. 
(a) T RIBAL ENROLLMENT INFORMATION .—The Attorney General shall provide training to law enforcement agencies regarding how to record the Tribal enrollment information or affiliation, as appropriate, of a victim in Federal databases. (b) C
ONSULTATION .— (1) C
ONSULTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the At-torney General, in cooperation with the Sec-retary of the Interior, shall complete a formal consultation with Indian Tribes on how to fur-ther improve Tribal data relevance and access to databases. (2) A
NNUAL CONSULTATION .—Section 903(b) of the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (34 U.S.C. 20126) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) enhancing the safety of Indian women from domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, homicide, stalking, and sex traf-ficking;’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.028 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7366 December 6, 2018 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) improving access to local, regional, State, and Federal crime information databases and criminal justice information systems.’’. (c) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the At-torney General shall— (1) develop and implement a dissemination strategy to notify United States citizens of the National Missing and Unidentified Persons Sys-tem; and (2) conduct specific outreach to Indian Tribes regarding the ability to publicly enter informa-tion, through the National Missing and Uniden-tified Persons System or other non-law enforce-ment sensitive portal, regarding missing persons, which may include family members and other known acquaintances. 
SEC. 5. GUIDELINES FOR RESPONDING TO CASES OF MISSING AND MURDERED INDI-ANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the consultation de-scribed in section 4(b)(1) is completed, the Attor-ney General shall direct United States attorneys with jurisdiction to prosecute crimes in Indian country under sections 1152 and 1153 of title 18, United States Code, or any other provision of law, as part of the annual consultations on sex-ual violence by United States attorneys with In-dian Tribes and Federal partners, to develop guidelines to respond to cases of missing and murdered Indians that shall include— (1) guidelines on inter-jurisdictional coopera-tion among law enforcement agencies at the Tribal, Federal, State, and local levels, includ-ing inter-jurisdictional enforcement of protec-tion orders and detailing specific responsibilities of each law enforcement agency; (2) best practices in conducting searches for missing persons on Indian land; (3) standards on the collection, reporting, and analysis of data and information on missing persons and unidentified human remains, and information on culturally appropriate identi-fication and handling of human remains identi-fied as Indian, including guidance stating that all appropriate information related to missing and murdered Indians be entered in a timely manner into applicable databases; (4) guidance on which law enforcement agen-cy is responsible for inputting information into appropriate databases under paragraph (3) if the Tribal law enforcement agency does not have access to those appropriate databases; (5) guidelines on improving law enforcement agency response rates and follow-up responses to cases of missing and murdered Indians; and (6) guidelines on ensuring access to culturally appropriate victim services for victims and their families. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—United States attorneys shall develop the guidelines required under sub-section (a) in consultation with Indian Tribes and other Federal partners, including— (1) the Department of Justice; (2) the Federal Bureau of Investigation; (3) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; (4) Tribal, State, and local law enforcement agencies; (5) medical examiners; (6) coroners; and (7) Tribal, State, and local organizations that provide victim services. (c) C
OMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the next sexual violence response annual con-sultation occurs in each region after the date of enactment of this Act, the United States attor-neys shall modify the sexual violence response guidelines to incorporate the guidelines devel-oped under subsection (a) and implement such modified guidelines. (2) M
ODIFICATION .—Each Federal law en-forcement agency shall modify the guidelines, policies, and protocols of the agency to incor-porate the guidelines developed under sub-section (a). (3) DETERMINATION .—Not later than the end of each fiscal year beginning after the date the guidelines are established under this section and incorporated under this subsection, the Attorney General shall determine whether each Tribal, State, and local law enforcement agency has in-corporated guidelines into their respective guidelines, policies, and protocols. (4) P
REFERENCE .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, for the fiscal year in which a grant was solicited, the Attorney General shall give affirmative preference to all National Insti-tute of Justice and Office for Victims of Crime discretionary grant applications of a Tribal, State, or local law enforcement agency, or appli-cations submitted on behalf of such law enforce-ment agencies by a local, State, or Tribal gov-ernment, if the Attorney General has determined under paragraph (3) that the agency has incor-porated the guidelines. (d) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—Not later than 30 days after compliance determinations are made each fiscal year in accordance with subsection (c)(3), the Attorney General shall— (1) disclose and publish, including on the website of the Department of Justice, the name of each Tribal, State, or local law enforcement agency that the Attorney General has deter-mined has not incorporated guidelines in ac-cordance with subsection (c)(3); and (2) if a law enforcement agency described in paragraph (1) subsequently receives a deter-mination of compliance, the Attorney General shall— (A) immediately correct the applicable record; and (B) not later than 3 days after the determina-tion, remove the record from the website of the Department of Justice and any other location where the record was published. (e) T
RAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— The Attorney General shall use the National In-dian Country Training Initiative to provide training and technical assistance to Indian Tribes and law enforcement agencies on— (1) implementing the guidelines developed under subsection (a) or developing and imple-menting locally specific guidelines or protocols for responding to cases of missing and murdered Indians; and (2) using the National Missing and Unidenti-fied Persons System and accessing program serv-ices that will assist Indian Tribes with respond-ing to cases of missing and murdered Indians. 
SEC. 6. ANNUAL REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTING .—Beginning in the first fiscal year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall include in its annual Indian Country Investigations and Prosecutions report to Congress information that— (1) includes known statistics on missing Indi-ans in the United States, available to the De-partment of Justice, including— (A) age; (B) gender; (C) Tribal enrollment information or affili-ation, if available; (D) the current number of open cases per State; (E) the total number of closed cases per State each calendar year, from the most recent 10 cal-endar years; and (F) other relevant information the Attorney General determines is appropriate; (2) includes known statistics on murdered In-dians in the United States, available to the De-partment of Justice, including— (A) age; (B) gender; (C) Tribal enrollment information or affili-ation, if available; (D) the current number of open cases per State; (E) the total number of closed cases per State each calendar year, from the most recent 10 cal-endar years; and (F) other relevant information the Attorney General determines is appropriate; (3) maintains victim privacy to the greatest ex-tent possible by excluding information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context; and (4) includes— (A) an explanation of why the statistics de-scribed in paragraph (1) may not be comprehen-sive; and (B) recommendations on how data collection on missing and murdered Indians may be im-proved. (b) COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first fiscal year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, for the purpose of com-piling accurate data for the annual report re-quired under subsection (a), the Attorney Gen-eral shall request all Tribal, State, and local law enforcement agencies to submit to the Depart-ment of Justice, to the fullest extent possible, all relevant information required, as determined by the Attorney General. (2) D
ISCLOSURE .—The Attorney General shall disclose and publish annually, including on the website of the Department of Justice, the name of each Tribal, State, or local law enforcement agency that the Attorney General has deter-mined has not submitted the information re-quested under paragraph (1) for the fiscal year in which the report was published. (3) P
REFERENCE .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, for the fiscal year in which a grant was solicited, the Attorney General shall give affirmative preference to all Department of Justice discretionary grant applications of a Tribal, State, or local law enforcement agency, or applications submitted on behalf of such law enforcement agencies by a local, State, or Tribal government, that would aid in the implementa-tion of the guidelines developed under section 5 or help address the issue of missing and mur-dered Indians, if the Attorney General has de-termined the agency has submitted the informa-tion requested under paragraph (1) for the fiscal year in which the report was published. (c) I
NCLUSION OF GENDER IN MISSING AND UN-
IDENTIFIED PERSONS STATISTICS .—Beginning in the first calendar year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall include gender in its annual statistics on missing and unidentified persons published on its public website. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 1942), as amended, was passed. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.035 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7367 December 6, 2018 
PRECISION AGRICULTURE CONNECTIVITY ACT OF 2018 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 615, S. 2343. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2343) to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to establish a task force for meeting the connectivity and tech-nology needs of precision agriculture in the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
S. 2343 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
øSECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
øThis Act may be cited as the ‘‘Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018’’. 
øSEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
øCongress finds the following: ø(1) Precision agriculture technologies and practices allow farmers to significantly in-crease crop yields, eliminate overlap in oper-ations, and reduce inputs such as seed, fer-tilizer, pesticides, water, and fuel. ø(2) These technologies allow farmers to collect data in real time about their fields, automate field management, and maximize resources. ø(3) Studies estimate that precision agri-culture technologies can reduce agricultural operation costs by up to 25 dollars per acre and increase farm yields by up to 70 percent by 2050. ø(4) The critical cost savings and produc-tivity benefits of precision agriculture can-not be realized without the availability of re-liable broadband Internet access service de-livered to the cropland and ranchland of the United States. ø(5) The deployment of broadband Internet access service to unserved and underserved cropland and ranchland is critical to the United States economy and to the continued leadership of the United States in global food production. ø(6) Despite the growing demand for broadband Internet access service on crop-land and ranchland, broadband Internet ac-cess service is not consistently available where needed for agricultural operations. ø(7) The Federal Communications Commis-sion has an important role to play in the de-ployment of broadband Internet access serv-ice infrastructure on unserved and under-served cropland and ranchland to promote precision agriculture. 
øSEC. 3. TASK FORCE. 
ø(a) D EFINITIONS .— ø(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section— ø(A) the term ‘‘broadband Internet access service’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8.2 of title 47, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor regulation; ø(B) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Commission; ø(C) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Agriculture; ø(D) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Agriculture; and ø(E) the term ‘‘Task Force’’ means the Task Force for Meeting the Connectivity and Technology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States, as established under subsection (b). ø(2) AGRICULTURAL TERMS .—For purposes of this Act, the Secretary shall define the terms ‘‘agricultural operations’’, ‘‘cropland’’, and ‘‘ranchland’’. ø(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall establish the Task Force for Meeting the Connectivity and Tech-nology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States. ø(c) D
UTIES .— ø(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Task Force shall col-laborate with the Secretary and public and private stakeholders in the agriculture and technology fields to— ø(A) identify and measure current gaps in broadband Internet access service coverage of cropland and ranchland; ø(B) assemble a comprehensive guide of all Federal programs or resources working to expand broadband Internet access service on unserved cropland and ranchland; ø(C) develop policy recommendations to promote the rapid, expanded deployment of fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service on unserved croplands and ranch-lands, with a goal of achieving reliable serv-ice on 95 percent of croplands and ranchlands in the United States by 2025; ø(D) promote effective policy and regu-latory solutions that encourage the adoption of broadband Internet access service on farms and ranches and promote precision ag-riculture; ø(E) propose new rules of the Commission or amendments to existing rules of the Com-mission to achieve the goals and purposes de-scribed in subparagraph (C); ø(F) recommend specific steps that the Commission and other Federal agencies should take to obtain reliable and standard-ized data measurements of broadband Inter-net access service coverage as may be nec-essary to target funding support to unserved croplands and ranchlands in need of broadband Internet access service; and ø(G) recommend specific steps that the Commission should take to ensure that the expertise of the Secretary and available farm data are reflected in developing Federal pro-grams to deploy broadband Internet access service infrastructure and to direct available funding to unserved croplands and ranch-lands where needed. ø(2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Task Force shall consult with the Secretary to develop rec-ommendations for the Commission that uti-lize the expertise, data mapping information, and resources of the Department that the Department uses to identify croplands, ranchlands, and other areas with agricul-tural operations. ø(d) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Task Force shall be— ø(1) composed of not more than 15 members who shall— ø(A) be selected by the Chairman of the Commission in consultation with appro-priate staff of the Commission and with the Secretary; and ø(B) include— ø(i) agricultural producers representing di-verse geographic regions and farm sizes, in-cluding owners and operators of farms of less than 100 acres; ø(ii) Internet service providers, including regional or rural fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service providers and tele-communications infrastructure providers; ø(iii) representatives from the satellite in-dustry; ø(iv) representatives from precision agri-culture equipment manufacturers, including drone manufacturers, manufacturers of au-tonomous agricultural machinery, and man-ufacturers of farming robotics technologies; and ø(v) representatives from State and local governments; and ø(2) fairly balanced in terms of tech-nologies, points of view, and fields rep-resented on the Task Force. ø(e) REPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Commission estab-lishes the Task Force, and annually there-after, the Commission shall submit to Con-gress a report that details— ø(1) the status of fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service coverage of croplands and ranchlands; ø(2) the projected future connectivity needs of agricultural operations, farmers, and ranchers; and ø(3) the steps being taken to accurately measure the availability of high speed broadband Internet access service on crop-lands and ranchlands and the limitations of current, as of the date of the report, meas-urement processes. ø(f) E
XISTING FUNDS .—The Commission shall use existing funds of the Commission to carry out the Task Force and the duties of the Commission under this section. ø(g) T
ERMINATION .—The Task Force shall terminate on January 1, 2025. ¿ 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Precision Agri-culture Connectivity Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Precision agriculture technologies and practices allow farmers to significantly increase crop yields, eliminate overlap in operations, and reduce inputs such as seed, fertilizer, pesticides, water, and fuel. (2) These technologies allow farmers to collect data in real time about their fields, automate field management, and maximize resources. (3) Studies estimate that precision agriculture technologies can reduce agricultural operation costs by up to 25 dollars per acre and increase farm yields by up to 70 percent by 2050. (4) The critical cost savings and productivity benefits of precision agriculture cannot be real-ized without the availability of reliable broadband Internet access service delivered to the agricultural land of the United States. (5) The deployment of broadband Internet ac-cess service to unserved agricultural land is crit-ical to the United States economy and to the continued leadership of the United States in global food production. (6) Despite the growing demand for broadband Internet access service on agricultural land, broadband Internet access service is not consist-ently available where needed for agricultural operations. (7) The Federal Communications Commission has an important role to play in the deployment of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land to promote precision agriculture. 
SEC. 3. TASK FORCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘broadband Internet access serv-ice’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8.2 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation; (2) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Commission; (3) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Depart-ment of Agriculture; (4) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture; and (5) the term ‘‘Task Force’’ means the Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Tech-nology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States established under subsection (b). (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission shall establish the Task Force for Re-viewing the Connectivity and Technology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.053 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7368 December 6, 2018 
(c) D UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Task Force shall consult with the Secretary, or a designee of the Sec-retary, and collaborate with public and private stakeholders in the agriculture and technology fields to— (A) identify and measure current gaps in the availability of broadband Internet access service on agricultural land; (B) develop policy recommendations to pro-mote the rapid, expanded deployment of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land, with a goal of achieving reli-able capabilities on 95 percent of agricultural land in the United States by 2025; (C) promote effective policy and regulatory so-lutions that encourage the adoption of broadband Internet access service on farms and ranches and promote precision agriculture; (D) recommend specific new rules or amend-ments to existing rules of the Commission that the Commission should issue to achieve the goals and purposes of the policy recommenda-tions described in subparagraph (B); (E) recommend specific steps that the Commis-sion should take to obtain reliable and stand-ardized data measurements of the availability of broadband Internet access service as may be necessary to target funding support, from future programs of the Commission dedicated to the de-ployment of broadband Internet access service, to unserved agricultural land in need of broadband Internet access service; and (F) recommend specific steps that the Commis-sion should consider to ensure that the expertise of the Secretary and available farm data are re-flected in future programs of the Commission dedicated to the infrastructure deployment of broadband Internet access service and to direct available funding to unserved agricultural land where needed. (2) N
O DUPLICATE DATA REPORTING .—In per- forming the duties of the Commission under paragraph (1), the Commission shall ensure that no provider of broadband Internet access service is required to report data to the Commission that is, on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, required to be reported by the provider of broadband Internet access service. (3) H
OLD HARMLESS .—The Task Force and the Commission shall not interpret the phrase ‘‘fu-ture programs of the Commission’’, as used in subparagraphs (E) and (F) of paragraph (1), to include the universal service programs of the Commission established under section 254 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254). (4) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary, or a des-ignee of the Secretary, shall explain and make available to the Task Force the expertise, data mapping information, and resources of the De-partment that the Department uses to identify cropland, ranchland, and other areas with agri-cultural operations that may be helpful in de-veloping the recommendations required under paragraph (1). (5) L
IST OF AVAILABLE FEDERAL PROGRAMS  
AND RESOURCES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Commission shall jointly submit to the Task Force a list of all Federal programs or re-sources available for the expansion of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land to assist the Task Force in carrying out the duties of the Task Force. (d) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Task Force shall be— (A) composed of not more than 15 voting mem-bers who shall— (i) be selected by the Chairman of the Commis-sion; and (ii) include— (I) agricultural producers representing diverse geographic regions and farm sizes, including owners and operators of farms of less than 100 acres; (II) an agricultural producer representing tribal agriculture; (III) Internet service providers, including re-gional or rural fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service providers and tele-communications infrastructure providers; (IV) representatives from the electric coopera-tive industry; (V) representatives from the satellite industry; (VI) representatives from precision agriculture equipment manufacturers, including drone man-ufacturers, manufacturers of autonomous agri-cultural machinery, and manufacturers of farm-ing robotics technologies; and (VII) representatives from State and local gov-ernments; and (B) fairly balanced in terms of technologies, points of view, and fields represented on the Task Force. (2) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A member of the Committee appointed under paragraph (1)(A) shall serve for a single term of 2 years. (B) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Task Force— (i) shall not affect the powers of the Task Force; and (ii) shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (3) E
X-OFFICIO MEMBER .—The Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, shall serve as an ex- officio, nonvoting member of the Task Force. (e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Commission establishes the Task Force, and annually thereafter, the Task Force shall submit to the Chairman of the Com-mission a report, which shall be made public not later than 30 days after the date on which the Chairman receives the report, that details— (1) the status of fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service coverage of agricultural land; (2) the projected future connectivity needs of agricultural operations, farmers, and ranchers; and (3) the steps being taken to accurately meas-ure the availability of broadband Internet ac-cess service on agricultural land and the limita-tions of current, as of the date of the report, measurement processes. (f) T
ERMINATION .—The Commission shall renew the Task Force every 2 years until the Task Force terminates on January 1, 2025. 
Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the committee-reported sub-stitute be agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 2343), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ENDANGERED SALMON PREDATION PREVENTION ACT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 702, S. 3119. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3119) to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its trib-utaries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Endangered Salmon Predation Prevention Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) preventing predation by sea lions, recovery of listed salmonid stocks, and preventing future listings of fish stocks in the Columbia River under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) is a vital priority; and (2) the Federal Government should continue to fund lethal and nonlethal removal, and de-terrence, measures for preventing such preda-tion. 
SEC. 3. TAKING OF SEA LIONS ON THE COLUMBIA RIVER AND ITS TRIBUTARIES TO PROTECT ENDANGERED AND THREATENED SPECIES OF SALMON AND OTHER NONLISTED FISH SPE-CIES. 
Section 120(f) of the Marine Mammal Protec-tion Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1389(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) T
EMPORARY MARINE MAMMAL REMOVAL  A
UTHORITY ON THE WATERS OF THE COLUMBIA  R
IVER OR ITSTRIBUTARIES .— ‘‘(1) R
EMOVAL AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary may issue a permit to an eligible entity to au-thorize the intentional lethal taking on the waters of the Columbia River and its tributaries of individually identifiable sea lions that are part of a population or stock that is not cat-egorized under this Act as depleted or strategic for the purpose of protecting— ‘‘(A) species of salmon, steelhead, or eulachon that are listed as endangered species or threat-ened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and ‘‘(B) species of lamprey or sturgeon that are not so listed as endangered or threatened but are listed as a species of concern. ‘‘(2) P
ERMIT PROCESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity may apply to the Secretary for a permit under this subsection. ‘‘(B) T
IMELINES AND PROCEDURES OF APPLICA -
TION.—The timelines and procedures described in subsection (c) shall apply to applications for permits under this subsection in the same man-ner such timelines apply to applications under subsection (b). ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall es-tablish procedures to coordinate issuance of per-mits under this subsection, including applica-tion procedures and timelines, delegation and revocation of permits to and between eligible en-tities, monitoring, periodic review, and geo-graphic, seasonal take, and species-specific con-siderations. ‘‘(D) D
URATION OF PERMIT .—A permit under this subsection shall be effective for a period of not more than 5 years, and may be renewed by the Secretary. ‘‘(E) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER TRIBES .—To the extent practicable, and prior to issuing a permit under this section, the Secretary shall consult with all Indian tribes with legal or his-toric interests in the protection of salmonid spe-cies in the area of the Columbia River and its tributaries described in paragraph (8). ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS ON ANNUAL TAKINGS .—The Secretary shall apply the process for deter-mining limitations on annual take of sea lions under subsection (c) to determinations on limita-tions under this subsection, and the cumulative number of sea lions authorized to be taken each year under all permits in effect under this sub-section shall not exceed 10 percent of the annual potential biological removal level for sea lions. ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED INDIVIDUALS .—Intentional le-thal takings under this subsection shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.036 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7369 December 6, 2018 
‘‘(A) be humane within the meaning of such term under section 3(4); ‘‘(B) require that capture, husbandry, trans-portation, and euthanasia protocols are based on standards propagated by an Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee and that pri-mary euthanasia be limited to humane chemical methods; and ‘‘(C) be implemented by agencies or qualified individuals described in subsection (c)(4), or by individuals employed by the eligible entities de-scribed in paragraph (6). ‘‘(5) S
USPENSION OF PERMITTING AUTHORITY .— If, 5 years after the date of the enactment of the Endangered Salmon Predation Prevention Act, the Secretary, after consulting with State and tribal fishery managers, determines that lethal removal authority is no longer necessary to pro-tect salmonid and other fish species from sea lion predation, the Secretary shall suspend the issuance of permits under this subsection. ‘‘(6) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(i) with respect to removal in the mainstem of the Columbia River and its tributaries, the State of Washington, the State of Oregon, and the State of Idaho; ‘‘(ii) with respect to removal in the mainstem Columbia River and its tributaries, the Nez Perce Tribe, the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation, the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation of Or-egon, and the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation; and ‘‘(iii) with respect to removal in the mainstem Columbia River and its tributaries, the Columbia River Intertribal Fish Commission. ‘‘(B) D
ELEGATION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may allow an eligible entity described in clause (i) to delegate its authority under a permit under this subsection to any entity described in subclause (ii) or (iii). ‘‘(7) I
NDIVIDUAL EXCEPTION .—For purposes of this subsection, any sea lion located upstream of river mile 112, or in any tributary to the Colum-bia River that includes spawning habitat of threatened or endangered salmon or steelhead is deemed to be individually identifiable. ‘‘(8) S
IGNIFICANT NEGATIVE IMPACT EXCEP -
TION.—For purposes of this subsection, any sea lion located in the mainstem of the Columbia River upstream of river mile 112, or in any tribu-tary to the Columbia River that includes spawn-ing habitat of threatened or endangered salmon or steelhead is deemed to be having a significant negative impact, within the meaning of sub-section (b)(1). ‘‘(9) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given such term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304).’’. 
SEC. 4. TREATY RIGHTS OF FEDERALLY RECOG-NIZED INDIAN TRIBES. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to affect or mod-ify any treaty or other right of an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). 
SEC. 5. REPORT. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall study and report to Congress on the effects of deterrence and the lethal taking of sea lions on the recovery of endangered and threatened salmon and steelhead stocks in the waters of the Columbia River and the tributaries of the Co-lumbia River subject to section 120(f) of the Ma-rine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1389(f)), as amended by this Act. 
Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the committee-reported sub-stitute amendment be withdrawn, that the Risch substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was with-drawn. The amendment (No. 4069) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Endangered Salmon Predation Prevention Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) preventing predation by sea lions, re-covery of listed salmonid stocks, and pre-venting future listings of fish stocks in the Columbia River under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) is a vital priority; and (2) the Federal Government should con-tinue to fund lethal and nonlethal removal, and deterrence, measures for preventing such predation. 
SEC. 3. TAKING OF SEA LIONS ON THE COLUMBIA RIVER AND ITS TRIBUTARIES TO PROTECT ENDANGERED AND THREATENED SPECIES OF SALMON AND OTHER NONLISTED FISH SPE-CIES. 
Section 120(f) of the Marine Mammal Pro-tection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1389(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) T
EMPORARY MARINE MAMMAL REMOVAL  A
UTHORITY ON THE WATERS OF THE COLUMBIA  R
IVER OR ITSTRIBUTARIES .— ‘‘(1) R
EMOVAL AUTHORITY .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this Act, the Secretary may issue a permit to an eligible entity to authorize the intentional lethal taking on the waters of the Columbia River and its tributaries of individually identifi-able sea lions that are part of a population or stock that is not categorized under this Act as depleted or strategic for the purpose of protecting— ‘‘(A) species of salmon, steelhead, or eulachon that are listed as endangered spe-cies or threatened species under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and ‘‘(B) species of lamprey or sturgeon that are not so listed as endangered or threatened but are listed as a species of concern. ‘‘(2) P
ERMIT PROCESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity may apply to the Secretary for a permit under this subsection. ‘‘(B) T
IMELINES AND PROCEDURES OF APPLI -
CATION .—The timelines and procedures de-scribed in subsection (c) shall apply to appli-cations for permits under this subsection in the same manner such timelines apply to ap-plications under subsection (b). ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall establish procedures to coordinate issuance of permits under this subsection, including application procedures and timelines, delega-tion and revocation of permits to and be-tween eligible entities, monitoring, periodic review, and geographic, seasonal take, and species-specific considerations. ‘‘(D) D
URATION OF PERMIT .—A permit under this subsection shall be effective for a period of not more than 5 years, and may be re-newed by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS ON ANNUAL TAKINGS .—The Secretary shall apply the process for deter-mining limitations on annual take of sea lions under subsection (c) to determinations on limitations under this subsection, and the cumulative number of sea lions authorized to be taken each year under all permits in ef-fect under this subsection shall not exceed 10 percent of the annual potential biological re-moval level for sea lions. ‘‘(4) QUALIFIED INDIVIDUALS .—Intentional lethal takings under this subsection shall— ‘‘(A) be humane within the meaning of such term under section 3(4); ‘‘(B) require that capture, husbandry, transportation, and euthanasia protocols are based on standards propagated by an Institu-tional Animal Care and Use Committee and that primary euthanasia be limited to hu-mane chemical methods; and ‘‘(C) be implemented by agencies or quali-fied individuals described in subsection (c)(4), or by individuals employed by the eli-gible entities described in paragraph (6). ‘‘(5) S
USPENSION OF PERMITTING AUTHOR -
ITY.—If, 5 years after the date of the enact-ment of the Endangered Salmon Predation Prevention Act, the Secretary, after con-sulting with State and tribal fishery man-agers, determines that lethal removal au-thority is no longer necessary to protect salmonid and other fish species from sea lion predation, the Secretary shall suspend the issuance of permits under this subsection. ‘‘(6) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(i) with respect to removal in the mainstem of the Columbia River, from river mile 112 to the McNary Dam and its tribu-taries in the State of Washington, and its tributaries in the State of Oregon above Bon-neville Dam, the State of Washington, the State of Oregon, and the State of Idaho; ‘‘(ii) with respect to removal in the mainstem Columbia River from river mile 112 to the McNary Dam and its tributaries within the State of Washington and in any of its tributaries above Bonneville Dam within the State of Oregon, the Nez Perce Tribe, the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation, the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation of Oregon, and the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation; and ‘‘(iii) with respect to removal in the Wil-lamette River and other tributaries of the Columbia River within the State of Oregon below Bonneville Dam, a committee recog-nized by the Secretary under subparagraph (D). ‘‘(B) D
ELEGATION AUTHORITY .—The Sec-retary may allow eligible entities described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) to delegate their authority under a permit under this subsection to the Columbia River Intertribal Fish Commission for removal in the mainstem of the Columbia River above river mile 112 and below McNary Dam, in the Columbia River tributaries in the State of Washington, or in tributaries within the State of Oregon above Bonneville Dam and below McNary Dam. ‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL DELEGATION AUTHORITY .— The Secretary may allow an eligible entity described in subparagraph (A)(i) to delegate its authority under a permit under this sub-section to any entity described in subclause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) with respect to removal in the mainstem of the Columbia River above river mile 112 and below McNary Dam, in the Columbia River tributaries in the State of Washington, or in tributaries in the State of Oregon above Bonneville Dam and below McNary Dam. ‘‘(D) C
OMMITTEE REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall rec-ognize a committee established in accord-ance with this subparagraph as being eligible for a permit under this subsection, for pur-poses of subparagraph (A)(iii). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.037 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7370 December 6, 2018 
‘‘(ii) M EMBERSHIP .—A committee estab-lished under this subparagraph shall consist of the State of Oregon and each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) The Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indi-ans or the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community, or both. ‘‘(II) The Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs or the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Reservation, or both. ‘‘(iii) M
AJORITY AGREEMENT REQUIRED .—A committee established under this subpara-graph may take action with respect to a per-mit application and removal under this sub-section only with majority agreement by the committee members. ‘‘(iv) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA .—The Fed- eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to a committee established under this subparagraph. ‘‘(7) I
NDIVIDUAL EXCEPTION .—For purposes of this subsection, any sea lion located up-stream of river mile 112 and downstream of McNary Dam, or in any tributary to the Co-lumbia River that includes spawning habitat of threatened or endangered salmon or steelhead is deemed to be individually iden-tifiable. ‘‘(8) S
IGNIFICANT NEGATIVE IMPACT EXCEP -
TION.—For purposes of this subsection, any sea lion located in the mainstem of the Co-lumbia River upstream of river mile 112 and downstream of McNary Dam, or in any tribu-tary to the Columbia River that includes spawning habitat of threatened or endan-gered salmon or steelhead is deemed to be having a significant negative impact, within the meaning of subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(9) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given such term in section 4 of the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304).’’. 
SEC. 4. TREATY RIGHTS OF FEDERALLY RECOG-NIZED INDIAN TRIBES. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to en-large, confirm, adjudicate, affect, or modify any treaty or other right of an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). 
SEC. 5. REPORT. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Com-merce shall study and report to Congress on the effects of deterrence and the lethal tak-ing of sea lions on the recovery of endan-gered and threatened salmon and steelhead stocks in the waters of the Columbia River and the tributaries of the Columbia River subject to section 120(f) of the Marine Mam-mal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1389(f)), as amended by this Act. 
The bill (S. 3119), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
GOOD ACCOUNTING OBLIGATION IN GOVERNMENT ACT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 563, S. 2276. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2276) to require agencies to sub-mit reports on outstanding recommenda-tions in the annual budget justification sub-mitted to Congress. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Good Account-ing Obligation in Government Act’’ or the ‘‘GAO-IG Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTS ON OUTSTANDING GOVERN-MENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE AND INSPECTOR GENERAL REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ means— (1) a designated Federal entity, as defined in section 8G(a)(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (2) an establishment, as defined in section 12(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (b) R
EQUIRED REPORTS .—In the annual budg-et justification submitted to Congress, as sub-mitted with the budget of the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, each agency shall include— (1) a report listing each public recommenda-tion of the Government Accountability Office that is designated by the Government Account-ability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’ as of the date on which the an-nual budget justification is submitted; (2) a report listing each public recommenda-tion for corrective action from the Office of In-spector General of the agency for which no final action has been taken as of the date on which the annual budget justification is submitted; and (3) a report on the implementation status of each public recommendation described in para-graphs (1) and (2), which shall include— (A) with respect to a public recommendation that is designated by the Government Account-ability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’— (i) that the agency has decided not to imple-ment, a detailed justification for the decision; or (ii) that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for full implementation; (B) with respect to a public recommendation for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency for which no final action or action not recommended has been taken, an explanation of the reasons why no final action or action not recommended was taken with re-spect to each audit report to which the public recommendation for corrective action pertains; (C) with respect to an outstanding unimplemented public recommendation from the Office of Inspector General of the agency that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for implementation; and (D) an explanation for any discrepancy be-tween— (i) the reports submitted under paragraphs (1) and (2); (ii) the semiannual reports submitted by the Office of Inspector General of the agency under section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (iii) reports submitted by the Government Ac-countability Office relating to public rec-ommendations that are designated by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’. (c) C
OPIES OF SUBMISSIONS .—Each agency shall provide a copy of the information sub-mitted under subsection (b) to the Government Accountability Office and the Office of Inspec-tor General of the agency. 
SEC. 3. TIMELINE FOR AGENCY STATEMENTS. 
Section 720(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘61st’’ and inserting ‘‘181st’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘60’’ and in-serting ‘‘180’’. Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the committee-reported amendment be withdrawn, that the Young substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was with-drawn. The amendment (No. 4070) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Good Ac-counting Obligation in Government Act’’ or the ‘‘GAO-IG Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTS ON OUTSTANDING GOVERN-MENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE AND INSPECTOR GENERAL REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ means— (1) a designated Federal entity, as defined in section 8G(a)(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); (2) an establishment, as defined in section 12(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (3) legislative branch agencies, including the Government Publishing Office, the Li-brary of Congress, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, and the United States Capitol Police. (b) R
EQUIRED REPORTS .—In the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, as submitted with the budget of the Presi-dent under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, each agency shall include— (1) a report listing each public rec-ommendation of the Government Account-ability Office that is designated by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’ for a period of not less than 1 year preceding the date on which the annual budget justification is submitted; (2) a report listing each public rec-ommendation for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency that— (A) was published not less than 1 year be-fore the date on which the annual budget justification is submitted; and (B) for which no final action was taken as of the date on which the annual budget jus-tification is submitted; and (3) a report on the implementation status of each public recommendation described in paragraphs (1) and (2), which shall include— (A) with respect to a public recommenda-tion that is designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’— (i) that the agency has decided not to im-plement, a detailed justification for the deci-sion; or (ii) that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for full implementation, to the ex-tent practicable, if the agency determines that the recommendation has clear budget implications; (B) with respect to a public recommenda-tion for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency for which no final action or action not recommended has been taken, an explanation of the reasons why no final action or action not rec-ommended was taken with respect to each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.038 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7371 December 6, 2018 
audit report to which the public rec-ommendation for corrective action pertains; (C) with respect to an outstanding unimplemented public recommendation from the Office of Inspector General of the agency that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for implementation; (D) an explanation for any discrepancy be-tween— (i) the reports submitted under paragraphs (1) and (2); (ii) the semiannual reports submitted by the Office of Inspector General of the agency under section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (iii) reports submitted by the Government Accountability Office relating to public rec-ommendations that are designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’; and (E) for the first 12 months after a public recommendation is made, if the agency is de-termining whether to implement the public recommendation, a statement describing that the agency is doing so, which shall ex-empt the agency from the requirements under subparagraphs (B) and (C) with respect to that public recommendation. (c) C
OPIES OF SUBMISSIONS .—Each agency shall provide a copy of the information sub-mitted under subsection (b) to the Govern-ment Accountability Office and the Office of Inspector General of the agency. 
SEC. 3. TIMELINE FOR AGENCY STATEMENTS. 
Section 720(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘61st’’ and inserting ‘‘181st’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘60’’ and inserting ‘‘180’’. 
The bill (S. 2276), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY DATA FRAMEWORK ACT OF 2017 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2454 and that the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2454) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appropriate personnel to law enforcement and other in-formation of the Department, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Johnson substitute amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4071) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Data Framework Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY DATA FRAMEWORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall develop a data frame-work to integrate existing Department of Homeland Security datasets and systems, as appropriate, for access by authorized per-sonnel in a manner consistent with relevant legal authorities and privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties policies and protections. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In developing the framework required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall en-sure, in accordance with all applicable statu-tory and regulatory requirements, the fol-lowing information is included: (A) All information acquired, held, or ob-tained by an office or component of the De-partment of Homeland Security that falls within the scope of the information sharing environment, including homeland security information, terrorism information, weapons of mass destruction information, and na-tional intelligence. (B) Any information or intelligence rel-evant to priority mission needs and capa-bility requirements of the homeland security enterprise, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. (b) D
ATAFRAMEWORK ACCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall ensure that the data framework required under this section is ac-cessible to employees of the Department of Homeland Security who the Secretary deter-mines— (A) have an appropriate security clearance; (B) are assigned to perform a function that requires access to information in such framework; and (C) are trained in applicable standards for safeguarding and using such information. (2) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (A) issue guidance for Department of Homeland Security employees authorized to access and contribute to the data framework pursuant to paragraph (1); and (B) ensure that such guidance enforces a duty to share between offices and compo-nents of the Department when accessing or contributing to such framework for mission needs. (3) E
FFICIENCY .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall promulgate data stand-ards and instruct components of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to make avail-able information through the data frame-work required under this section in a ma-chine-readable standard format, to the great-est extent practicable. (c) E
XCLUSION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may exclude in-formation from the data framework required under this section if the Secretary deter-mines inclusion of such information may— (1) jeopardize the protection of sources, methods, or activities; (2) compromise a criminal or national se-curity investigation; (3) be inconsistent with other Federal laws or regulations; or (4) be duplicative or not serve an oper-ational purpose if included in such frame-work. (d) S
AFEGUARDS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall incorporate into the data framework required under this section sys-tems capabilities for auditing and ensuring the security of information included in such framework. Such capabilities shall include the following: (1) Mechanisms for identifying insider threats. (2) Mechanisms for identifying security risks. (3) Safeguards for privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties. (e) DEADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure the data framework re-quired under this section has the ability to include appropriate information in existence within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to meet the critical mission operations of the Department of Homeland Security. (f) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .— (1) S
TATUS UPDATES .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees regular updates on the status of the data framework until the framework is fully operational. (2) O
PERATIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the data framework required under this section is fully operational, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide notice to the appro-priate congressional committees that the data framework is fully operational. (3) V
ALUE ADDED .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall annually brief Congress on component use of the data framework re-quired under this section to support oper-ations that disrupt terrorist activities and incidents in the homeland. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEE ; HOMELAND .—The terms ‘‘appropriate congressional committee’’ and ‘‘homeland’’ have the meaning given those terms in sec-tion 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). (2) H
OMELAND SECURITY INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘homeland security information’’ has the meaning given such term in section 892 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 482). (3) N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .—The term ‘‘na-tional intelligence’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(5) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(5)). (4) T
ERRORISM INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘terrorism information’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1016 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 485). 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 2454), as amended, was passed. 
f 
NASA ENHANCED USE LEASING EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 7 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 7) to amend title 51, United States Code, to extend the authority of the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion to enter into leases of non-excess prop-erty of the Administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.040 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7372 December 6, 2018 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 7) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 7 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘NASA En-hanced Use Leasing Extension Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO LEASES OF NON-EXCESS PROP-ERTY OF THE NATIONAL AERO-NAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRA-TION. 
Section 20145(g) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. f 
ASHANTI ALERT ACT OF 2018 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5075 and that the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5075) to encourage, enhance, and integrate Ashanti Alert plans through-out the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. I further ask unani-mous consent that the amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4072) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: In the nature of a sub-stitute.) (The amendment is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 5075), as amended, was passed. 
f 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO MATERNITY CARE ACT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I now ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 696, H.R. 315. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 315) to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health profes-sional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 315) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the Majority Lead-er, in consultation with the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Armed Services, pursuant to Public Law 115– 232, appoints the following individuals to serve as members of the Cyberspace Solarium Commission: Tom Fanning of Georgia and Chris Inglis of Maryland. ORDERS FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2018 Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-sent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 4 p.m. Monday, December 10; further, that following the prayer and the pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; finally, following leader re-marks, and notwithstanding the provi-sions of rule XXII, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume the consideration of the Muzinich nomina-tion, with the cloture motion filed dur-ing today’s session ripening at 5:30 p.m. Monday. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2018, AT 4 P.M. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:14 p.m., adjourned until Monday, December 10, 2018, at 4 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate December 6, 2018: 
BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION  
KATHLEEN LAURA KRANINGER, OF OHIO, TO BE DIREC-TOR, BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS. 
FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  
BERNARD L. MCNAMEE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2020. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. JAMES J. MALLOY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.060 S06DEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1601 December 6, 2018 
H. RES. 1161, RELATING TO THE ADMINISTRATION OF THE OATH TO THE MEMBER ELECT FROM THE 13TH DISTRICT OF MICHI-GAN 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, on November 29, 2018, the House by unanimous consent adopted House Resolution 1161 in advance of the administration of the oath of office to Representative B
RENDA JONES of Michigan. Representative J
ONES was elected on November 6, 2018 to fill a vacancy in the 13th Congressional District of Michigan for the remainder of the 115th Congress. Her certifi-cate of election was received by the House on November 29, 2018. Representative J
ONES  also currently serves as the President of the Detroit City Council. Representative J
ONES  has indicated that she will abide by guidance from the House Committee on Ethics to mini-mize the conflicts that may exist with her du-ties as President of the City Council during this short tenure in the House. The Speaker, with the concurrence of the Democratic Leader, finds that this resolution (1) represents a narrow exception to the re-striction established by the House on January 20, 1909, that the duties of a Member of the House and the Governor of a State are ‘‘abso-lutely inconsistent’’ and may not be ‘‘simulta-neously discharged’’ by the same Member and (2) does not address the Constitutional quali-fications of a Member. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the chamber on Friday, November 30, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 425. 
f 
HONORING BIG SUR FIRE CHIEF MARTHA KARSTENS 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extensive contributions made by Big Sur Fire Chief Martha Karstens to the well-being and prosperity of our community on the central coast of California. Chief Karstens has been an invaluable asset to the Big Sur community, a rural area of my District adjacent to historic Highway 1 on the California coast. I know that every Big Sur resident can attest to Chief Karsten’s character, integrity, and de-votion to protecting and serving her commu-nity. Residents of Big Sur have historically expe-rienced a lack of access to basic services due to the community’s rural location. Chief Karstens sought to fix this, and in 1976, en-rolled in the first Emergency Medical Techni-cian (EMT) class ever offered in Big Sur, eventually becoming involved with the Amer-ican Red Cross’ Central Coast Chapter as a volunteer ambulance emergency responder. In 1979, Chief Karstens became president of the Red Cross Big Sur Ambulance, the only emer-gency first response service stationed in Big Sur at the time. Chief Karstens also served on the Board of the Red Cross, Carmel Chapter, as a representative of the Big Sur community. Chief Karstens continued as the Big Sur Am-bulance President until 1991, when Monterey County funded a full-time, paid ambulance crew for the Big Sur community. Following fourteen years of service with the Big Sur Ambulance, Chief Karstens joined the Big Sur Volunteer Fire Brigade, where she has served for the last twenty-eight years. She was named the Brigade’s first Medical Bat-talion Chief in 1991 and was instrumental in developing the Brigade’s medical first re-sponder and EMT mission. In 1994, Chief Karstens transitioned into an administrative role for the Brigade and was asked to become a Duty Officer, requiring her to respond to and direct responses for a wide range of incidents. Following further trainings and certifications in fire safety and emergency response, Chief Karstens was voted in as the Administrative Assistant Chief of the Brigade and recognized as Volunteer Firefighter of the Year in 2003. In 2009, Chief Karstens became the Chief of the Big Sur Volunteer Fire Brigade. During her tenure as Chief, she has overseen the organi-zation throughout several devastating fires on the Central Coast. These included the Pfeiffer Fire in 2013, where, despite losing her own home, Chief Karstens continued serving as In-cident Commander. She also played a crucial operational role during the Soberanes Fire and the coordinated response to the subsequent storms that collapsed the Pfeiffer Canyon Bridge and stranded hundreds of Big Sur resi-dents. Chief Karstens helped to ensure these residents had access to food, medicine, and other essential supplies until the bridge could be restored several months later. Chief Karstens’ dedication to her community is evident in her work to protect and serve her fellow Big Sur community members over the last forty-two years. Throughout this time, she has responded personally to thousands of calls and committed thousands of hours of her personal time to volunteer in Big Sur. Chief Karstens has proven herself as a dedicated first responder and has served her community with steadfast commitment at great personal sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Big Sur Fire Chief Martha Karstens on her distinguished service and in wishing her a long and healthy retire-ment. MICHEL DOHERTY HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish Michel Doherty a Happy 94th Birthday and to honor her for a lifetime of community service. Mrs. Doherty is well-known in our commu-nity for her extensive service through the countless organizations she participates in. The two projects that bring her the most pride have been the development of Four Mile Cove Ecological Preserve and the opening of the Veterans Administration Clinic in Cape Coral, but these are only a few examples of all the contributions she has made to the Cape Coral community. Mrs. Doherty also participates as a member of the Cape Coral Civic Association, Fort Myers Women’s Community Club, Tiger Bay Club of SWFL, chair of the American Red Cross ‘‘Simply Red Gala,’’ Voices for Kids, Lee County Homeless Coalition, Giving Heart for Cancer, Abuse Center for Women, Down-town River District Art Walks, Boys and Girls Club of SWFL, Hope Hospice Planning Com-mittee and Pace Center for Girls. There is no doubt that her work will positively impact our community for generations to come. I thank Michel for her service to the Cape Coral community and wish her a Happy Birth-day. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF VIRGINIA COMBS 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Virginia Combs, who is retiring as Deputy Director of the Ken-tucky Consular Center (KCC) in Williamsburg, Kentucky after 16 years of service. Virginia has been a vital asset to the De-partment of State and the Kentucky Consular Center since taking on the role as Deputy Di-rector in 2002, just two years after the center opened. When Virginia arrived, the facility had roughly 40 employees. Under her leadership and direction, more than 300 people now work at KCC, providing critical services for the State Department to process immigrant visa applica-tions. The State Department’s decision to lo-cate in Williamsburg inspired leaders across Southern and Eastern Kentucky to dream big-ger for high tech jobs and ramp up new indus-try recruitment. Year after year, Virginia has helped prove that we have the best workforce in the country and we can successfully meet federal government contract needs in our re-gion. Prior to KCC, Virginia played a monumental role in economic development projects in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.001 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1602 December 6, 2018 
Cumberland Valley and Lake Cumberland areas. She served as Program Coordinator for the Southeast Kentucky Economic Develop-ment Corporation in its early years of business recruitment and strategic planning. Virginia was also an International Trade Development Specialist, promoting international commerce and job creation in four of our Area Develop-ment Districts. As Executive Director of Corbin Economic Development and the Chamber of Commerce, she paved the way for develop-ment of the 600 acre industrial site now known as the Southeast Kentucky Business Park, which boasts a regional partnership including Bell, Clay, Knox, Laurel, McCreary and Whit-ley counties. She sparked the vision for a broader industrial portfolio in Southern and Eastern Kentucky. The magnitude of success throughout Vir-ginia’s career is matched only by her heart of service and compassion for our region. She is a past President of the Williamsburg Kiwanis Club and served as Lieutenant Governor for the Kentucky-Tennessee Kiwanis Division 6 from 2014 to 2016, playing an instrumental role in the growth of the civic organization and advocating for progressive community projects. I deeply appreciate Virginia’s service and leadership in Southern Kentucky, as well as her sincere friendship and loyalty to the re-gion. As she enters retirement, my wife, Cyn-thia, and I wish Virginia and her family tremen-dous joy and blessings in the years to come. 
f 
PRESIDENT WILLIAM TEAGUE OF ABILENE CHRISTIAN UNIVERSITY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a wonder-ful Christian Servant of Abilene Christian Uni-versity has died. Bill Teague was President and an alum of my Alma mater ACU. He served as president when I was a Member of the board of trustees of the University. His clever dry Texas wit was a trademark of his leadership. His official obituary states: 
‘‘He was born Billy Teague in Olney, Texas, on July 12, 1927, the youngest of six sons. His father died when he was 14 years old, leaving his mother to raise him by her-self in Nocona, Texas. While enrolled at high school, Teague was a proud member of Nocona’s 1944 state champion basketball team. Following graduation, he enlisted in the U.S. Navy, serving four years while based in San Diego. It was in San Diego that he met Margaret ‘‘Peggy’’ Louise Newlen. They married June 4, 1948.’’ ‘‘After his honorable discharge from the military in 1949, the couple moved back to Texas so Bill could continue his education at Abilene Christian. While a student, he was appointed the first manager of KACC, the campus radio station. He graduated in 1952 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Bible and speech.’’ ‘‘He immediately went to work for then- president Dr. Don H. Morris as assistant to the president and secretary of the Alumni Association. He worked at ACU for five years before leaving to serve as vice president at both Harding University (1957–59) and Pepperdine University (1959–70).’’ ‘‘Outside of his career in education, Teague pursued a variety of interests. He earned a master’s degree from Columbia University in 1959 and a doctorate from UCLA in 1965. In 1968 and 1970, he ran for U.S. Congressional seats in California. Teague frequently en-gaged in public speaking. He could be pas-sionate and inspiring, but it was his humor that really endeared him to audiences. He was an active basketball and tennis player, but he most enjoyed spending time with his family.’’ ‘‘During the 1970s, Teague served as vice president of two Fortune 500 companies, Purex Corporation in California and Kerr- McGee, an Oklahoma-based oil company.’’ ‘‘From 1981 to 1991, Teague served as ACU’s ninth president, and later as chancellor (1991–2007) and chancellor emeritus (2007–18). With an emphasis on fundraising, he oversaw the transformation of the campus leading to the construction of the Mabee Business Building and Onstead-Packer Biblical Stud-ies Building, as well as the relocation of Judge Ely Boulevard. ACU’s Teague Boule-vard opened in May 1992, serving as a new front entrance to the university. Across campus, the Margaret L. and William J. Teague Center was dedicated in his and Peg-gy’s honor.’’ ‘‘In addition to the major buildings com-pleted during Teague’s decade as president, the university endowment increased from $18 million to $56 million. The Honors Program and ACU Press were begun; and KACU be-came KACU–FM, a National Public Radio af-filiate. The William J. and Margaret L. Teague Excellence Award, an endowed schol-arship program for students at ACU, began in 1989. In 1991, Bill and wife, Peggy, were named Christian Educators of the Year by 20th Century Christian magazine for careers of service to three Church of Christ-affiliated universities.’’ ‘‘After becoming chancellor in 1991, Teague remained active on the campus until he suf-fered a stroke in 2002. Despite being confined to a wheelchair, he remained a regular attendee of ACU athletics and other events, as well as worship services at University Church of Christ, where he and Peggy were members. He especially looked forward to at-tending the university’s annual Opening As-sembly on the first day of school and its pa-triotic Parade of Flags ceremony he began in 1986.’’ ‘‘Teague was preceded in death by his par-ents, Dudley Thomas Teague and Sudie Crane Teague; and his wife, Peggy. Survivors include his son, Tom Teague; two daughters, Susan Reid and Dr. Helen Teague; and grand-children Bill Teague and Amelia Louise Wildman.’’ 
Abilene Christian University was blessed by the Good Lord to have such a man lead this University on the windy plains of West Texas. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING KATIE TRUDEAU 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Katie Trudeau, for her work in my office and her service to our state. Katie worked in my Indiana office for nearly a year, serving as one of my most senior staff-ers. Katie has an incredible work ethic and was a tremendous asset to our organization. She brought a wealth of experience and knowledge to our team and was someone I could rely on for on the ground political ad-vice. On a personal note, I admire Katie’s com-mitment to her faith and family. Katie works very hard and delivers great results. But, you always have the sense that Katie’s priorities are in the right order. She is the kind of leader who prays for her friends and always seems to recall the right quote from scripture. I want to thank Katie for her friendship and her hard work in our office. I wish her contin-ued success in all that God has planned for her family. I have no doubt Katie’s biggest im-pact on our nation are yet to come. I look for-ward to cheering Katie on in those efforts. f 
SUPPORTING THE WORK OF AMERICA’S DIPLOMATS 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my gratitude for the service and sacrifice of America’s diplomats and to stress that a robust American diplomatic presence around the world is in our nation’s interests, especially as our adversaries gain commercial, economic, and political ground. There is no substitute for brave, dedicated people in the field, and I would like to see us strengthen that key asset. We are one of the few nations on earth with a truly global diplomatic presence. Since the founding of our country, our diplomats have advanced American interests in some of the most difficult and dangerous places on earth. These professionals defend our national secu-rity, enforce our laws, and protect our fellow citizens overseas, often at great risk to them-selves. Our embassies and consulates are platforms of U.S. influence and vigilance and our diplomats are often the first to spot threats to our national security. Their work abroad benefits Americans at home. Consider that an emergency investment in West Africa’s health stopped cold what would have been an emerging Ebola pan-demic a few years ago. Elsewhere, Foreign Service Officers work alongside the military to keep weapons of mass destruction out of the hands of terrorists. A strong diplomatic foot-print is also necessary for U.S. businesses to be able to compete successfully in challenging and complex markets. It is no surprise that the business community has written to the Sec-retary of State to say it counts on American diplomats around the world to compete in the global marketplace—and to urge the State De-partment to send more diplomats to the field with the mission of advancing America’s com-mercial interests. I commend Secretary Pompeo for announc-ing his vision of putting America’s diplomats in ‘‘every corner, every stretch of the world’’ and urge him to continue the work he has initiated to enhance America’s diplomatic strength. But above all, I want to thank the men and women of the Department of State and United States Agency for International Development for their faithful service to our nation. I have been honored to meet so many of our nation’s diplomats and their family members in every corner of the globe in my 26 years in Con-gress, including six years as Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I have seen firsthand the positive and lasting impact their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.005 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1603 December 6, 2018 
work has on all Americans and I am person-ally grateful for the sacrifice they make each day in the service of our nation. Mr. Speaker, no matter the day or time, the men and women of the United States Foreign Service are promoting our interests and de-fending our security around the globe. Let us commit ourselves to supporting the crucial work they do on behalf of all Americans. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF FRED M. FEHSENFELD 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Fred M. Fehsenfeld, a decorated World War II pilot and founder of The Heritage Group who died on November 28, 2018 at the age of 94. He was a pillar of the Indianapolis community and an outstanding patriot, businessman, family man, friend, trusted advisor and mentor to many, including myself. Fred was known for his ingenuity and hard work which he dis-played throughout his tremendous life. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District are forever grateful for Fred’s significant con-tributions to our City of Indianapolis, the State of Indiana, and our United States of America. A life-long Hoosier, Fred was born in Indian-apolis, Indiana, in 1924 to John and Ruth Fehsenfeld. He was a graduate of Shortridge High School, where he and his three brothers loved sports and music. He went to Purdue University at the age of 17 and majored in me-chanical engineering. It was there where Fred had his first flying experience with the Purdue Glider Club. At the age of 18, in the middle of World War II, Fred enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps and at the age of 20 he was as-signed to the 354th Pioneer Mustang Fighter Group in France, a famous group of P51 Mus-tangs and P47 Thunderbolts. A true patriot, Fred courageously flew 89 missions in Europe during World War II and was awarded the Air Medal with three Silver Clusters and a Silver Star. Fred led his squadron on the last official flight in the European Theater of Operations, barrel rolling over an Austrian prisoner of war camp to let his fellow pilots know the war in Europe was over. Ever dedicated to our coun-try, he later served in the Indiana Air National Guard. Fred later earned his bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering at Purdue University. In 1946 he married his college sweetheart Mil-dred Cornelius and throughout their life to-gether had seven children. Fred began his ca-reer at Rock Island Refining as a process en-gineer. A few years later, his father John asked him to join the family business, Crystal Flash Petroleum, a company that employed 100 people and operated gas stations and sold home heating oil. An extremely hard worker and creative problem solver, Fred quickly grew the family business and entered into the asphalt industry. Dedicated to suc-cess, he taught himself how to manufacture asphalt by conducting research at the public li-brary. In 1960, he built an asphalt facility, which is still in operation today. With his pas-sion for business and an entrepreneurial spirit, Fred transformed Crystal Flash Petroleum into the Heritage Group, which today employs 6,500 people worldwide. With operations in North America, Europe, and China, the Herit-age Group grew to include interests in Envi-ronmental and Remediation, Specialty Chemi-cals and Fuel Products, as well as Construc-tion and Materials. Fred, who earned the rep-utation as an extraordinary boss, was dedi-cated to prioritizing the well-being of his em-ployees and treated them as partners. Known as an incredible relationship builder, he was able to draw remarkably talented people to the company and regarded them as members of the extended Fehsenfeld family. Fred’s commitment to improving the Amer-ican economy was equaled by his desire to tackle challenges with national implications. This passion led him to develop the concept of Critical Commerce Corridors, which separate car and truck lanes on interstate highways. The corridors will save lives while reducing pollution and congestion. The concept of Crit-ical Commerce Corridors was included in the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act which was signed into law on De-cember 4, 2015. Due to his efforts, Indiana’s Governor Eric Holcomb recognized Fred in 2017 for his many contributions to the State of Indiana, naming Interstate 865 the ‘‘Fred M. Fehsenfeld, Sr. Highway.’’ In his personal life, Fred was a committed member of his community, a member of Junto for over fifty years, a former Chairman of the Asphalt Institute and a loyal supporter of his alma mater, Purdue University. With gifts to Purdue, he established the Purdue Energy Fund, the Fehsenfeld Family Head of Environ-mental and Ecological Engineering and ex-panded the Division of Environmental and Ec-ological Engineering. He also received an hon-orary doctorate in Civil Engineering from Pur-due University. In addition, Fred was the re-cipient of many Sagamores of the Wabash from several Indiana governors, the highest honor the governor of Indiana can bestow upon a citizen. Fred will be forever missed by his family, friends, colleagues, and the entire Hoosier community. On behalf of Indiana’s Fifth Con-gressional District, I extend my deepest con-dolences to Fred’s wife, Barbara, his brother, Mac Fehsenfeld, his five children, Jo (Nick) Rutigliano, Fred (Suzie) Fehsenfeld Jr., Jim (Becky) Fehsenfeld, Frank (Judy) Fehsenfeld, Judee Fehsenfeld as well as his twenty grand-children and twenty-four great grandchildren. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO YOUNG STAFF MEM-BERS FOR THEIR CONTRIBU-TIONS ON BEHALF OF THE PEO-PLE OF THE 18TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS AND THE UNITED STATES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as Mem-bers of Congress we know well, perhaps bet-ter than most, how blessed our nation is to have in reserve such exceptional young men and women who will go on to become leaders in their local communities, states, and the na-tion in the areas of business, education, gov-ernment, philanthropy, the arts and culture, and the military. We know this because we see them and benefit from their contributions every day. Many of them work for us in our offices as jun-ior staff members, congressional fellows, or in-terns and they do amazing work for and on behalf of the constituents we are privileged to represent. Mr. Speaker, I believe there is no higher calling than the call to serve a cause larger than ourselves. That is why I ran for public of-fice. I was inspired to serve by President Ken-nedy who said, ‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country,’’ and by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who said: ‘‘Everybody can be great because anybody can serve....  You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.’’ 
By this measure, there are several other great young men and women who served as volunteers this year in my offices. They may toil in obscurity but their contributions to the constituents we serve are deeply appreciated. That is why today I rise to pay tribute to 4 ex-traordinary young persons for their service to my constituents in the 18th Congressional Dis-trict of Texas and to the American people. They are: Stephen Singleton from Texas Tech Univer-sity; Tynesea Watts from University of Kentucky; Jacqueline Lee from The Madeira School; and Nisreen Marabe from The Madeira School. Mr. Speaker, the energy, intelligence, and idealism these wonderful young people brought to my office and those interning in the offices of my colleagues help keep our democ-racy vibrant. The insights, skills, and knowl-edge of the governmental process they gain from their experiences will last a lifetime and prove invaluable to them as they go about making their mark in this world. Because of persons like them the future of our country is bright and its best days lie ahead. I wish them all well. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that such thoughtful committed young men and women can be found working in my office, those of my colleagues, and in every community in America. Their good works will keep America great, good, and forever young. 
f 
CELEBRATING L EROY TROYER 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, it is with a mix of sorrow and gratitude that I rise today to commemorate the incredible life of LeRoy Troyer, who passed away Sunday, December 2, 2018. LeRoy was born and raised in Middlebury, Indiana, and graduated from the University of Notre Dame. LeRoy’s strong Hoosier values were deeply rooted and remained true for his entire life. He built a successful career, starting with his own architectural firm, Troyer Group, and a beau-tiful life for his wife, Phyllis, and their three sons, Don, Ron, and Terry. Thanks to his steadfast leadership and entrepreneurial spirit, Troyer Group became a mainstay in the north-ern Indiana business community, and he made a lasting difference in all that he did. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.008 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1604 December 6, 2018 
LeRoy enjoyed tremendous success throughout his career, but his biggest accom-plishments were in service to others. For the past several decades, he gave much to Habi-tat for Humanity, through which he formed a unique partnership with former President Jimmy Carter and his wife Rosalynn. Through the Carter Work Project, they built or repaired 4,290 homes in 14 different countries, includ-ing 23 in Mishawaka just this past August. His hard work and dedication to Habitat’s mission earned him high praise from our 39th Presi-dent: ‘‘He’s been a true inspiration to us.’’ A mark of the fruition of his skill and exper-tise, LeRoy led the Troyer Group’s design and construction of the Ark Encounter in Kentucky. This 510-foot long, 85-foot wide, and 51-foot high, full-size replica of Noah’s Ark as de-scribed in the Bible is the featured attraction at the biblical theme park. The craftsmanship of this grand structure, a project of great mag-nitude and meaning, demonstrates LeRoy’s ability to bring an architectural dream to life. LeRoy embodied the best of the Hoosier ethos. He was diligent, industrious, innovative, and generous. And above all, he was devoted to his family and loved his country. I will be forever grateful for his valuable wisdom and foresight when it came to creative building projects and things that would continue to pro-mote growth in our community. By the grace of God, he was surrounded by family in his last moments. I want to thank Phyllis for all she has done to honor his leg-acy and comfort their children during this dif-ficult time. Our community will always remem-ber LeRoy for his selflessness and for the passion that drove him to make a real dif-ference in people’s lives. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF WEGMANS FOOD MAR-KETS IN CENTRAL NEW YORK 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Wegmans Food Markets 50th anniversary operating in the Syracuse area. Wegmans is a staple throughout Central New York communities and has a long, successful history as a regional supermarket. Since its founding, Wegmans has grown to become an exceptional local business and spans across the Mid-Atlantic area. Wegmans Food Markets was established in 1916 in Rochester, New York. The super-market was founded by brothers Walter and John Wegman and was originally known as the Rochester Fruit and Vegetable Company. Initially, the store only sold fresh produce but expanded to include general groceries, baked goods, meats, and dairy products over the next decade and a half. Wegmans rapidly ex-panded and became a supermarket innovator throughout its early years, featuring new ideas such as larger storefronts, windowed refrig-erator displays, and frozen foods. By 1968, Wegmans was quickly growing throughout New York and the chain opened its first Syracuse area location. This was the first of what is now a 14 store presence in Central New York. Throughout the late 20th century, Wegmans continued to expand its business lines to include pharmacies, florists, and sea-food departments. The company opened larg-er locations and hired more employees to meet the heightened demand for Wegmans products. As Wegmans became a stronger business, the company recognized its rising commitment to the communities in which it operated. The family-founded business has always been family-owned, and they strive to support their community through their business. Wegmans has supported several corporate responsibility initiatives since the 1970’s, including food bank donations, an employee scholarship pro-gram, and contributions to a variety of pro-grams for children in its service areas. Today, Wegmans Food Markets continues to thrive. The company operates 98 stores in six states, employs 48,000 people, and is con-sistently listed as an elite company by various business journals. Additionally, Wegmans re-mains highly active in charitable causes, lead-ing initiatives to reduce hunger, promote healthy diets, and strengthen neighborhoods. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in celebrating Wegmans Food Markets 50th anniversary in Syracuse. Wegmans is vital to the Central New York economy, serving as one of its largest employ-ers, providing food to the region, and giving back to local communities. The company serves as a perfect model for an ideal public- corporate relationship and I wish them many more years of success in Central New York. f 
HONORING JENNIFER HALLOWELL 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Jennifer Hallowell, for her work in my office and her service to our state. I’ve known Jen for more than two decades and during that time, she has become a close friend and trusted adviser. Since our time to-gether at the Indiana State Republican Party, Jen has proven herself to be one of our state’s top political minds. There’s no doubt that I wouldn’t be where I am today with Jen’s counsel and help every step of the way. On a personal note, Jen is a talented leader and loyal friend. She has already impacted our state in extraordinary ways. But, I am certain that her biggest impact is yet to come. I want to thank Jen for her friendship and dedication to our work. I wish her and her hus-band, Kyle, continued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JUDGE LOYD NEAL’S DEDICATION TO THE NA-TION AND HIS COMMUNITY 
HON. MICHAEL CLOUD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. CLOUD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the service of a truly ex-traordinary individual that served his commu-nity through decades of commitment to the people, bettering it through his efforts: Nueces County Judge Loyd Neal. Judge Neal was elected Nueces County Judge in November 2006, taking office Janu-ary 2, 2007, as the first Republican elected to this office in over 140 years. In November 2010, Judge Neal was re-elected to his sec-ond term starting January 2011. Loyd Neal was born in Henderson, Texas and graduated from Paris High School in 1955. He received his BBA in Marketing from Texas A&M University College Station in 1959 and his MBA from Texas A&M in 1973. While attending A&M, Neal served as a member of the Corps of Cadet. Neal is married to the former Thetis Ann King and they have two children. The first is Loyd Neal III, a 1984 graduate of Texas A&M University College Station and St. Mary’s Uni-versity Law School who is currently practicing law in Houston, Texas. The second, daughter Ann Margaret, a 1986 graduate of Texas A&M University College Station who earned a mas-ter’s degree from Southwest Texas University. She is currently teaching school in Boerne, Texas. In 1989, Neal retired as a Colonel from the Army Reserve, after serving more than thirty years in the active Army and Army Reserve. During this time, he commanded several units in South Texas, including the U.S. Army Re-serve Battalion, Corpus Christi; U.S. Army Re-serve Support Group in San Marcos; with his terminal assignment as Chief of Staff, 377th Theater Army Area Command, New Orleans, Louisiana. While on active duty, Judge Neal attended both Airborne and Ranger School, graduating from both the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College, and the U.S. Army War College. In 1992, Loyd was named a Dis-tinguished Alumnus by Texas A&M University for his service to his City, his State, and his Country. He served as Chairman of the South Texas Military Facilities Task Force, was appointed by Governor George W. Bush to the Texas Strategic Military Planning Commission in 1997 and was re-appointed by Governor Rick Perry to the Texas Military Preparedness Commission in 2005. Judge Neal has also served in numerous volunteer leadership posi-tions in the Corpus Christi area including serv-ing as the Chairman for the Corpus Christi Economic Development Corp, the Corpus Christi Chamber of Commerce, the Art Mu-seum of South Texas, South Texas Homeport Committee, the Leadership Corpus Christi Alumni, and President of the Corpus Christi Navy League, to name a few. It is with the utmost honor and respect that I wish Judge Neal, and his family, a very joyful retirement and thank him for his service. I urge my fellow members of Congress to ap-plaud him for his dedication to serving our communities and for his commitment to ensur-ing a better life for all. f 
IN APPRECIATION OF THE SERVICE OF SHELLIE BRESSLER 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee staff, Shellie Bressler, who is marking 28 years of Federal Government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.011 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1605 December 6, 2018 
Service. Over her career, Shellie has served in the majority and minority, the House, Sen-ate personal offices, three Committee staffs, as well as for a member of Senate leadership. I first met Shellie when she worked for a fel-low member of the House Banking Committee. Although she has worked on issues ranging from the creation of the 50 States Quarters program to the passage of tax incentives for donations to food banks, Shellie is best known for her work on global health issues. She was a lead staffer establishing the framework for the PEPFAR program. This legislation helped move HIV from a death sentence to a man-ageable disease. Shellie authored a report ad-dressing management issues at the multilat-eral Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria. Her recommendations were adopted by the Global Fund Board and the in-stitution is currently in good financial shape. In working on the oversight and investiga-tions team on my staff, Shellie has not only covered global health, but all foreign assist-ance programs. She has stressed the need for stronger management and evaluation criterion. By asking thorough questions, the State De-partment and USAID realize that the Com-mittee is paying attention to how government funds are spent, as we demand accountability. Shellie has been a great mentor to junior Committee staff. I know she is not finished making a difference in the world. I wish Shellie much success as she moves to the next chap-ter of her life. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. BARBARA SHANNON-BANISTER 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to recognize the accomplishments of my dear friend, Dr. Barbara Shannon-Banister. She will retire from her position as the Chief of the Community Relations Division for the City of Aurora on December 31, 2018. Dr. Shannon-Banister is a truly dedicated civil servant whose work over the length of her career has significantly benefitted my home-town of Aurora, Colorado, and the greater Denver Metropolitan area. In 1989, Dr. Shan-non-Banister co-founded the Metro Community Provider Network (MCPN), which is the Feder-ally Qualified Health Center (FQHC) that pro-vides primary care and other health-related services for the medically underserved not only in the City of Aurora but also for areas outside of Aurora. As a fierce advocate for civil rights, Dr. Shannon-Banister also worked to bring the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) to Aurora, where she was instrumental in starting a new NAACP chapter in 1991. Her efforts gave the residents of Aurora, Colorado’s third largest and most diverse city, an organization that fully understood the need to protect and ad-vance the cause of civil rights. A true icon of our community, she is also President and chief executive officer of the non-profit foundation, Grand Design Inc. , that works to preserve African American culture through community outreach, hosting concerts, and visual arts performances. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Barbara Shannon-Banister represents the very best in public service that the State of Colorado and our nation has to offer. I thank her and commend her for her decades of tireless and inspirational leader-ship on behalf of all of us in our community, our state, and our nation. I wish her all the best of luck and a wonderful and fulfilling re-tirement. f 
HONORING JACKSON PUBLIC SCHOOLS JROTC PROGRAM 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor The Army Junior Re-serve Officer Training Corps Program in Jack-son Public Schools which has been developed over seven decades. The first JROTC program in Jackson Public Schools was started in Central High School in 1936 and transferred to Lanier High School in 1971 after the program at Central High School was phased out. Today the Army JROTC Pro-gram is alive and well in all of Jackson Public Schools. Since the JROTC program began, thousands of students have been exposed to the ideals of leadership, character develop-ment, and citizenship training provided by JROTC. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Jackson Public Schools JROTC program. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE H.W. BUSH, HEROIC NAVAL AVIATOR, DIP-LOMAT, MEMBER OF CONGRESS, DIRECTOR OF CENTRAL INTEL-LIGENCE, VICE-PRESIDENT, LOV-ING HUSBAND AND FATHER, BRIGHTEST OF A THOUSAND POINTS OF LIGHT, AND 41ST PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to an American hero, George Her-bert Walker Bush, the 41st President of the United States, who last Friday, November 30, 2018, slipped the surly bonds of earth, reached out his hand, and touched the face of God. His was a life of love: for God, for Country, and for family. George H.W. Bush, whom we lost at the age of 94, was a giant among men. He served our nation for most of the last seven decades, in so many of the institutions and sectors that make our country great. We were all very lucky to have him as long as we did. As the second youngest naval avi-ator, he was shot down during one of count-less flights in the Pacific theater of World War II, leaving him stranded in the ocean for many hours—his life in danger and with rescue un-certain. Fortunately for him and the hundreds of millions of people across the globe who were touched by his leadership and mourn him today, he would be found alive and brought home. That night in September 1944 would prove fateful to this man, and the coun-try he would serve and that we all love. When he returned home, he married the woman who would be by his side for 73 years and serve as our nation’s First Lady, Barbara Pierce Bush. Theirs was a bond so strong that it is perhaps no coincidence that they left us within mere months of one another. Together, they created a prolific and legendary American po-litical dynasty dedicated to public service, in-cluding: a son who would serve as governor of Texas and later become the 43rd President, George W. Bush; and Jeb Bush, who would serve two terms as governor of Florida. President George H.W. Bush’s life was one marked by service to country: in the military, as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Texas, as part of our nation’s diplomatic corps, as director of the Central Intelligence Agency, and as Vice President of the United States, before he would be elected the 41st President of the United States. His tenure as our nation’s Chief Executive is one for which we should all be grateful, as he presided over a remarkable pe-riod of geopolitical transition and progress, in-cluding the end of the Cold War, the fall of the Berlin Wall, the successful administration of Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, and a commitment to denuclearization as a means to achieve diplomatic ends. And, he did not let electoral defeat diminish him or his commitment to public service. When they were both former presidents, George H.W. Bush and his successor—the man who would deny him reelection—Bill Clin-ton, joined together to help victims following the devastating tsunami in Indonesia in 2004, and to help hurricane victims in New Orleans following Katrina. Throughout his long time in public life, he demonstrated unwavering fidelity to country, and it manifested itself in several ways, but is best articulated by President Bush himself, during his 1989 inaugural ad-dress: ‘I’ve spoken of a thousand points of light, of all the community organizations, that are spread like stars throughout the nation doing good. I will go to the people and the programs that are the brighter points of light and I will ask every member of my govern-ment to become involved. The old ideas are new again because they are not old, they are timeless: duty, sacrifice, commitment, and a patriotism that finds its expression in taking part and pitching in.’ I know that today, people across the land and indeed the world are remembering this giant of American life. Of course, those of us in Houston also mourn and celebrate a neigh-bor, whom we loved, whose life we remember, and whose presence in our community is something we will forever cherish. Though he has departed, we are grateful for the time we shared with him and for his service to our na-tion. I mourn the passing of this statesman, but also celebrate his life. In this time, I extend my deepest sympathies to the entire Bush Family and hold them close in my heart. May God bless President George H.W. Bush, the entire Bush Family, and may he rest in peace. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a moment of silence in memory of the 41st President of the United States, George Her-bert Walker Bush. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.015 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1606 December 6, 2018 
LAVERN NORRIS GAYNOR 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish Lavern Norris Gaynor a Happy 95th Birthday and to honor her for a lifetime of community service. Mrs. Gaynor has dedicated her life to im-proving the well-being of her fellow citizens. The daughter of prominent Naples philan-thropist Lester Norris, she learned the value of giving back in her youth and has carried on her family legacy. Mrs. Gaynor has impacted the entire Naples community with her work, but she most cher-ishes the work she does for children in pro-moting early learning. She has been recog-nized as the Naples Daily News Citizen of the Year, Outstanding Philanthropist in 2015, and has twice been named the YMCA’s Pre-eminent Pioneer, yet those closest to her say Mrs. Gaynor is humble and unassuming. Her work will impact our community for genera-tions to come. I thank Lavern for her service to the Naples community and wish her a Happy Birthday. 
f 
HONORING JOSH WEBB 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a longtime member of my staff, Josh Webb, for his work in my office and his serv-ice to our state. Josh has been on our team from the very beginning and has worked in a variety of ca-pacities in our office, both in our Indiana and Washington, D.C. offices. He started as a field representative over six years ago, has been promoted five times, and cunently serves as my District Director. In that role, he has orga-nized hundreds of events, managed and de-veloped our Indiana outreach strategy, han-dled our constituent casework services pro-gram, and has become one of my most trust-ed advisors. On a personal note, Josh and I share a love of the life lessons of sports and a commitment to putting family first in our life. Josh has been my advisor, but more importantly, I consider Josh my friend. I appreciate his patience and consistent good humor as we traveled to-gether throughout the 6th District. I wish Josh continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. I have no doubt Josh’s biggest impact on our state and nation are yet to come. I look for-ward to cheering Josh on in those efforts. 
f 
H.R. 390, IRAQ AND SYRIA GENO-CIDE RELIEF AND ACCOUNT-ABILITY ACT OF 2018 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to cele-brate the passage of the Senate amendment to H.R. 390, the Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017 in the House on November 27, 2018 by voice vote. The legislation has been presented to the President for his signature and I urge him to quickly sign the bill into law. H.R. 390 is the culmination of years of work in Congress to help ethnic and religious mi-norities in Iraq and Syria who suffered horrific oppression at the hands of ISIS. The legisla-tion will better channel humanitarian, stabiliza-tion, and recovery aid to genocide survivors through organizations currently working on the ground to help displaced populations return to their homes and rebuild their communities. Iraq is home to some of the oldest Christian communities in the world, yet less than 200,000 Christians remain in Iraq, down from 1.4 million in 2002. In March of 2016, Congress took historic ac-tion when it declared that the brutal and sys-temic persecution of Christians, Yazidis, and other ethnic and religious minorities in Iraq and Syria by ISIS constituted genocide, one of only three times in history that Congress has made such a declaration. Despite the powerful message Congress sent when it declared these atrocities as geno-cide, and appropriated hundreds of millions of dollars in assistance for these communities, U.S. aid has not reached these populations due to longstanding policies and practices of the federal government that prevent faith- based groups and other organizations from distributing foreign aid. Many of these faith- based groups are the only organizations work-ing directly with survivors on the ground and have the expertise and knowledge of the re-gion, its history, and culture to deliver this aid in the most effective way possible. Outdated policies in the Executive Branch should not stand in the way of the U.S. helping these suf-fering communities. H.R. 390 supports entities conducting inves-tigations into the perpetrators of these crimes to ensure they are held accountable. It is crit-ical that evidence be collected and preserved so it can be used in court. It is also critical that our government works with foreign govern-ments to identify and apprehend suspected perpetrators. Finally, the bill requires the U.S. government to identify and determine warning signs associated with genocide and crimes against humanity to help policymakers better respond to future campaigns against at-risk populations. As the daughter of parents who fled reli-gious persecution in the Middle East, I’m proud to have helped carry H.R. 390 through the Congress with the bill’s sponsor in this ef-fort to help the tens of thousands of survivors of genocide in Iraq and Syria, Congressman Chris Smith. He’s been a tireless advocate on behalf of these persecuted communities and I applaud him for the work he has done to get this bill through Congress and to the Presi-dent’s desk. f 
IN APPRECIATION OF THE SERVICE OF JESSICA KELCH 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my gratitude to my Assistant Staff Director, Jessica Kelch, for her six years of service on the staff of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Jessica has played an instrumental role in helping lead the Committee’s extraordinary team of professional staff, managing and shepherding a variety of important, bipartisan bills through the legislative process to become law. Thanks to her impressive leadership, sharp instincts, and persistence, the Com-mittee has enacted nearly two dozen legisla-tive initiatives in this Congress alone, including bills to establish a new development finance corporation, combat food insecurity, and pro-mote the role of women in peace negotiations and political processes. These have improved the lives of many worldwide. Time and again, Jessica has proven her ability to build consensus and craft solutions to address a diverse array of difficult issues. I am particularly grateful for her candor, humor, and professionalism, but most importantly, for her dedication to serving her country, which I know she will continue to do with distinction. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the chamber on Thurs-day, November 29, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote No. 423. I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote No. 424. 
f 
HONORING MOLLY GILLASPIE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a longtime member of my staff, Molly Gillaspie, for her work in my office and her service to our state. Molly served as my Communications Direc-tor for more than a year in my Washington, D.C. office and continued working in Indiana as part of our team throughout the past year. Molly was responsible for all my official com-munications and media relations, which in-cluded writing press releases, speeches, opin-ion editorials and more. Molly is an out-standing member of our staff who always came to work with a smile on her face. I am truly grateful for everything she has done for our team. On a personal note, I admire Molly’s com-mitment to her family. Molly works very hard and delivers great results. But, you always have the sense that Molly’s priorities are in the right order. I want to thank Molly for her friendship and dedication to our work. I wish her and her hus-band, Adam, continued success in all that God has planned for their family. I have no doubt Molly’s biggest impact on our state and nation are yet to come. I look forward to cheering Molly on in those efforts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.019 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1607 December 6, 2018 
HONORING CONGRESSMAN JUDGE TED POE OF THE U.S. CONGRES-SIONAL VICTIMS’ RIGHTS CAU-CUS UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM CONGRESS 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great Texas public servant, fellow founder of the Victims’ Rights Caucus, and dear friend Congressman Judge T
EDPOE, who is retiring from the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives at the end of the 115th Congress. Since 2005, Congressman P
OEhas served with distinction as a Member of Congress, pro-viding excellent and compassionate service to his constituents in the 2nd Congressional Dis-trict of Texas and the American people. For more than a decade, I have had the privilege of serving with him on the Victims’ Rights Caucus, which has given a voice to crime vic-tims, survivors, and the professionals who as-sist them. As a founder and co-chair of the caucus, Congressman P
OEplayed a crucial role in enhancing Federal programs that sup-port national, Federal, Tribal, state, and local victims’ services, including the Victims of Crime Act, the Violence Against Women Act, and the Victims of Child Abuse Act. Over the years, he has distinguished himself as a na-tional bipartisan leader in the fight to combat human trafficking and support victims and sur-vivors, sponsoring enacted legislation such as the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. In ad-dition to the Victims’ Rights Caucus, I also had the pleasure of serving with Congressman P
OEon the Transatlantic Legislators’ Dialogue to strengthen and enhance the level of political discourse between American and European lawmakers. Prior to working in Congress, Representa-tive P
OEserved in the United States Air Force Reserves, taught both high school and college courses, and received his law degree from the University of Houston. He first made his mark in the public eye during his eight years as an undefeated criminal prosecutor for Harris County and later became one of the youngest judges ever appointed in Texas. During his 22-year tenure on the bench, it became clear that he would play a prominent role in the vic-tims’ rights movement. Congressman P
OE handed out innovative, unorthodox, and appro-priate punishments intended to continually re-mind criminals of their offenses. As a judge, he became an example for others who served in the Texas judiciary for the way he treated victims of crime with dignity, fairness, and re-spect. T
EDis admired by his peers and loved by his constituents—a reflection of a life spent in service to the United States, its people, and its ideals. During his time in Congress, he gave a voice to victims of crime, including human trafficking, and championed legislation to im-prove our criminal justice system. His remark-able impact on both his community and col-leagues will not be forgotten. We will honor his great legacy in the U.S. House of Representa-tives and beyond, by continuing to build upon this commitment to his country. I would like to congratulate Congressman Judge T
EDPOEon his extraordinary career and extend my grati-tude for his noteworthy contributions to our na-tion. While Congressman Judge TEDPOEwill be missed in these halls, I wish him a blessed future in his well-deserved retirement. 
f 
HONORING SUPERVISOR SIMO´N SALINAS 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize retiring Monterey County Supervisor Simo´n Salinas for his distinguished career serving the people of the central coast of Cali-fornia. His dedication to education has bettered many young lives, and his commit-ment to public service has immeasurably im-proved the lives of his constituents. Supervisor Salinas began his career as a sixth-grade teacher and later became a pro-fessor at Hartnell College. During this time, he developed a passion for educating Monterey County’s youth and expanding opportunity for young learners. Supervisor Salinas’ first foray into politics came with his involvement in local activism organizing for proportional represen-tation of California’s Latino community in local governing bodies. Until this effort, local gov-erning bodies in Monterey County used ‘‘at large’’ elections, where elected officials were chosen by the total population that the gov-erning body represented, rather than by indi-vidual districts that more accurately rep-resented the diverse communities within an area. In the City of Salinas, despite its large Mexican-American population, a Latino can-didate had never been elected to the City Council. Supervisor Salinas became a leader in this movement, eventually running for an open seat on the Salinas City Council. In 1989, Supervisor Salinas became the first Mexican-American ever elected to the Salinas City Council. In 1993, Supervisor Salinas was elected to represent District One on the Monterey County Board of Supervisors and served as the body’s chair, the first Mexican-American to serve on the Board in 100 years. In 2000, he was elected as the representative for Califor-nia’s 28th Assembly District. During his tenure as Assemblymember, Supervisor Salinas worked on many important issues such as healthcare, agriculture, and affordable hous-ing. His signature achievement during his time in the state legislature came during his service as Chair of the Assembly of Local Govern-ment Committee. During this time, Supervisor Salinas introduced and successfully passed AB 1234, a bill requiring local elected officials to attend mandatory ethics training and abide by strict requirements for expense reimburse-ment policies, thus creating a comprehensive policy to protect taxpayer funds from local cor-ruption. Monterey County welcomed Super-visor Salinas back to the Board of Supervisors in 2007, where he was elected to represent District Three. Recently, he has expanded af-fordable housing, healthcare, and economic opportunity to the residents of the Salinas Val-ley. I am immensely grateful for Supervisor Simo´n Salinas’s distinguished service to the people of the central coast of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Supervisor Simo´n Salinas on his distinguished career in public service, and in wishing him a long and happy retirement. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, due to my attendance at an event off the Capitol Hill campus, I was unable to make roll call votes No. 423 through 425. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: No. 423, NO on agreeing to the Res-olution; No. 424, YES on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass; and No. 425, YES on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended. 
f 
HONORING FANNIE LOU HAMER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable histor-ical activist, Fannie Lou Hamer. She was born as Fannie Lou Townsend on October 6, 1917, to sharecroppers Lou Ella and James Lee Townsend, east of the Mis-sissippi Delta in Montgomery County, Mis-sissippi. She first joined her family to work in the cotton fields at age six. In the early 1940s she married Perry ‘‘Pap’’ Hamer, and adopted two daughters, girls whose own families were unable to care for them. She worked alongside her husband at the W.D. Marlow’s plantation near Ruleville, in Sunflower County. Hamer’s ability to read and write earned her the job of timekeeper, a less physically demanding and more prestigious job within the sharecropping system. In the summer of 1962, Hamer made a life- changing decision to attend a protest meeting where she encountered civil rights activists and became active in helping with the voter registration efforts for African Americans. Hamer dedicated her life to the fight for civil rights, working for the Student Nonviolent Co-ordinating Committee (SNCC). The organiza-tion was driven by mostly African American students who indulged in acts of civil disobe-dience—combatting racial segregation and in-justice in the South. During her activist career, Hamer was threatened, arrested, and shot at. In jail, Hamer and several of the activists were beat-en by other African American inmates, whom received orders from the police to use black-jack weapons. Despite the long term damage done to her body, none of these things de-terred her from her work. Hamer loved to sing spirituals. ‘‘This Little Light of Mine’’ and ‘‘Go Tell It on the Moun-tain,’’ became one of the defining features of her activism. Hamer’s also known for her famous quote, ‘‘I’m sick and tired of being sick and tired.’’ In 1964, Hamer helped found the Mis-sissippi Freedom Democratic Party, which was established in opposition to the state’s all- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.025 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1608 December 6, 2018 
white delegation to that year’s Democratic convention. The civil rights struggle in Mississippi was brought to the attention of the entire nation during a televised session at the convention. The following year, Hamer ran for Congress in Mississippi, but was unsuccessful in her bid. Along with her political activism, Hamer worked to help the poor and families in need in her Mississippi community. She also set up organizations to increase business opportuni-ties for minorities and to provide childcare and other family services. Hamer died on March 14, 1977 in Mound Bayou, Mississippi from complications associ-ated with heart disease and cancer. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Fannie Lou Hamer for her con-tributions to her family, her community, and the fight for Civil Rights that was her driving passion. 
f 
ADOPTEE CITIZENSHIP ACT 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, last week, I cosponsored H.R. 5233, The Adoptee Citizen-ship Act of 2018. This is bipartisan legislation that seeks to make an important correction to U.S. adoption law. Currently, when a child is legally adopted by an American parent and is raised by the family here in the U.S., they automatically acquire U.S. citizenship. However, when Congress up-dated the law, it failed to address the situation for thousands of families with previously adopted children. We need to correct that, which is why I support H.R. 5233. This legislation does not create a new loop-hole that allows anyone to game the system These are individuals who legally entered the U.S. They were legally adopted as children, and they grew up here believing they were U.S. citizens. Unfortunately, through no fault of the children, adoptive parents in several thou-sand cases failed to properly file all of the citi-zenship papers on behalf of their adoptive children, often not realizing that it was even necessary after completion of the legal adop-tion process. If you were legally adopted by an American family, entered the U.S. legally as a child, and raised in the United States, you are an American. I look forward to working with both my Republican and Democratic col-leagues on this bipartisan effort. 
f 
HONORING JASON KNEELAND 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Jason Kneeland, for his work in my office and his service to our state. Jason served as my Chief of Staff in Indiana for nearly two years. In that role, he managed our district offices, improved our constituent outreach programs, and oversaw our political operations. Jason is one of our state’s top po-litical minds and there is no doubt that I wouldn’t be where I am today without his counsel. On a personal note, Jason and I share a love of the life lessons of sports and a com-mitment to putting faith and family first. He is one of my favorite people to talk to. I want to thank Jason for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish him continued suc-cess in all God has planned for him and his family. f 
HONORING TACO PALENQUE 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Taco Palenque and all of its diligent employees. This year, Taco Palenque celebrates 20 years in the Rio Grande Valley, and I could not be happier to have such talented entrepreneurs in my dis-trict. In 1987, Juan Francisco Ochoa opened the first Taco Palenque restaurant where families could come together over authentic Mexican food. Over two decades later, Taco Palenque has taken both the Valley and Texas by storm with locations in San Antonio, Houston, Brownsville, and, of course, McAllen. I look forward to watching them continue to grow in South Texas and beyond. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to represent the hard-working individuals of Taco Palenque. Their recent success is a shining example of what the 15th District of Texas has to offer. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HUNTER M. STRUPP 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my gratitude to Hunter Strupp, who has worked in my office since 2005. Hunter has excelled in various staff po-sitions: he faithfully served in my personal of-fice; as a staff member on the Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade Subcommittee; on the House Foreign Affairs Committee; and most recently, as Staff Director for the Sub-committee on Asia and the Pacific, chaired by Chairman T
EDYOHO. During his service to the Committee, Hunter was an invaluable asset in crafting Committee policy on North Korea, culminating in the pas-sage of ground-breaking sanctions legislation. He has been a key advisor on a wide range of policy issues confronting the Asian con-tinent, from human rights in Vietnam, political crackdowns in Cambodia, and the plight of the Rohingya in Burma. He served as my staff member when I chaired the Congressional Caucus on India, and the Korea Caucus, suc-cessfully advancing important policy issues facing each partnership. Hunter is a deeply dedicated, determined, and principled foreign affairs professional. I again want to thank Hunter for his 13 years of service and for his valuable counsel. He will no doubt contribute to our nation’s well-being and security for years to come. PAYING TRIBUTE TO MARISSA MANLOVE ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT AS PRESI-DENT AND CEO OF THE INDIANA PHILANTHROPY ALLIANCE HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my friend, Marissa Manlove, on the occasion of her retirement from the Indiana Philanthropy Alliance. Throughout her impressive career, Marissa served as a leader within the nonprofit com-munity in Indiana. For the past twelve years, she served as President and CEO, promoting independent, family, community, public, and corporate foundations, giving programs, and grantmaking organizations throughout the state of Indiana. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District are forever grateful for Marissa’s commitment to transforming Indiana through her roles in various nonprofit organi-zations. A life-long Hoosier, Marissa attended Schulte High School in Terre Haute, Indiana, before earning a bachelor’s degree in psy-chology from Saint Louis University. Her aca-demic aspirations led her to Indiana University where she earned her master’s degree in edu-cational psychology. Passionate about positive change, Marissa began her career with Noble of Indiana, a nonprofit organization dedicated to serving persons with intellectual and other disabilities. She spent the next twenty-nine years at Noble in various senior program man-agement roles, overseeing communications and marketing, special events, development and eventually becoming the Vice President of Consumer and External Relations. Ever dedi-cated, she still sits on their Board of Directors today. In 2007, Marissa shifted her commitment to supporting philanthropy when she became President and CEO of the Indiana Philan-thropy Alliance (IPA). IPA is a large, influential membership association for the state of Indi-ana’s philanthropic grantmaking community. It provides training, networking opportunities, re-search, resources and public policy support to its members, which control over $18 billion in assets and award over $775 million in grants per year. Under her leadership, IPA member-ship grew to an all-time high and today is a national leader among regional associations of grantmakers. In 2006, Marissa and her husband, Kim, founded the 24 Group in honor of their late son, David. The all-volunteer nonprofit organi-zation is led by a group of parents with the common experience of losing a loved one who struggled with addiction. Their work is dedi-cated to informing and educating the Central Indiana population about addiction and recov-ery. In addition, she has continued to be a community leader through her service on the boards of the United Philanthropy Forum, Indi-ana Society of Association Executives, Forum of Regional Associations of Grantmakers, Bowen Center for Public Affairs, Hope Acad-emy, the Indiana Nonprofits Advisory Board, and Fairbanks. Her many awards are a testament to the ex-ceptional work ethic of this incredibly talented individual. In 2006, Marissa received the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.028 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1609 December 6, 2018 
Keeper of the Light Award from The Indiana Commission for Women for her extensive and change producing work. She also received the Circle of Hope Award from Fairbanks Hospital, the Salute to Families award from Family Services of Central Indiana, and the Parent Advocate award from Drug Free Marion Coun-ty. Notably, in 2015, Marissa was named one of the top 20 women in philanthropic work by Michael Chatman, who hosts the Giving Show and features leaders committed to creating a more generous world through philanthropy. She shares this title with the likes of Oprah Winfrey. Marissa has made a remarkable impression on her community through her lifetime commit-ment to service. She has truly left a legacy of success at the Indiana Philanthropic Alliance that will be built upon for years to come. On behalf of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District, I congratulate Marissa on her extraordinary career and extend my gratitude for all the wonderful contributions she has made to our Hoosier community While I know Marissa will be missed at the Indiana Philanthropic Alli-ance, I wish the very best to her husband, Kim, and the rest of her family as she moves into the next phase of her life. 
f 
HONORING JOHN HUSTON 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a longtime member of my staff, John Huston, for his work in my office and his serv-ice to our state. John has been on our team from the very beginning and has worked in a variety of ca-pacities in our office, both in our Indiana and Washington, D.C. offices. He started as an un-paid intern over seven years ago, has been promoted five times, and currently serves as my Legislative Director. During his time in our office he developed and wrote numerous bills, helped guide several of my bills through en-actment, and has become one of my most trusted advisors. On a personal note, John and I share a love of the life lessons of sports and a commitment to putting faith and family first in our life. John has been my advisor, but more importantly, I consider John my friend. Over these years, it has been a joy to watch John grow as a lead-er, as a Christian and as a man. I am very proud of him. I wish John continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. I have no doubt John’s biggest impact on our state and nation are yet to come. I look for-ward to cheering John on in those efforts. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JUDGE MARY HORN 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a trailblazer and dedicated public serv-ant. Judge Mary Horn has served our North Texas community for decades. Although she was born and raised in Min-nesota, Judge Horn has deep roots in the Lone Star State. After a successful business career, she won her 1992 bid for Denton County Tax Assessor-Collector, becoming the first woman to serve in the position. After nearly a decade, she once again set out on the path to blaze a new trial. In 2002, Judge Horn made history as the first woman to serve as a Denton County Judge. Over the last 16 years, Judge Horn has helped to lead our county through unprec-edented growth. During her tenure as the longest serving Denton County Judge, she has shown great wisdom, compassion, and dedication. It has been a great joy to count Judge Horn as a friend and fellow public servant. Her achievements are numerous, her contributions are significant, and her accolades are well-de-served. On behalf of the 26th District of Texas, I extend my sincere thanks to Judge Horn upon her retirement, and I wish her and her family well as they enter this new season together. f 
HONORING ALCORN STATE UNIVERSITY’S FOOTBALL TEAM 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the Alcorn State Uni-versity’s Football Team on becoming the 2018 SWAC Champions. On Saturday, December 1, in Lorman, Mis-sissippi at the Jack Spinks Stadium, Alcorn State’s Football Team contested against Southern University for the SWAC Champion-ship. This made their fifth consecutive SWAC Championship visits since 2014. The Braves have competed for the title winning three of the five, years 2014, 2015, and 2018. The SWAC Championship Game is an American college football game that is held annually on the first Saturday in December by the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) to determine its football champion. The game pits the champion of the Eastern Division against the champion of the Western Division in a game that follows the conclusion of the regular season. From 2015 onward, the winner of the game has represented the SWAC in the Celebration Bowl. Since 2013, Toyota has been the title sponsor and the contest is officially named the Toyota SWAC Football Championship. In brief, Alcorn State University, formally known as, Alcorn A&M is a historically black university located northwest of Lorman, Mis-sissippi. The university was founded in 1871 by the Reconstruction-era legislature to pro-vide higher education for freedmen. It is the first black land grant college established in the United States. One of the institution’s most notable alumni was Medgar Evers, a civil rights activist, who graduated in 1952. The university is a mem-ber-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund. The student body has grown from 179 mostly male students to an enrollment of al-most 4000 as of Fall 2018. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Alcorn State University’s Foot-ball Team for becoming the 2018 SWAC Champions. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 160TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE YWCA USA 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 160th anniversary of the YWCA USA. Since the first YWCA USA branch opened in 1858, in my home state of New York, the organization has expanded to in-clude 213 United States locations and its pro-grams serve 2 million individuals nationwide. The YWCA USA has stayed true to its mission of eliminating racism and empowering women throughout its rich history. Many prominent social movements, past and present, have included activism from the YWCA USA. This includes advocacy for wom-en’s voting rights, civil rights, pay equity and gender-based violence prevention. With their voices at the forefront of many social issues, the YWCA USA is taking a stand for the rights of women across the country. In addition to advocacy, YWCA USA offers a wide variety of resources so women can reach their full potential. Financial literacy and job training are two such prominent programs offered by the YWCA USA. Women have the ability to secure economic opportunity and gain financial independence with the help of the skills developed with these resources. Furthermore, YWCA USA is committed to the higher education of young women. They have sought to increase female representation in the science, technology, engineering and math fields with their ‘‘Girls in STEM’’ courses, as well as financially support college-bound young women by providing 20,000 scholar-ships annually. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating 160 years of the YWCA USA. I have witnessed the life-changing work carried out by the YWCA USA at the Onondaga County location in my district. The efforts of the YMCA USA have greatly advanced the lives of women in my district and across the United States. I encourage my fellow mem-bers in the House to support the mission of the YWCA USA, as well as organizations pro-moting a similar message of equality. Women are moving closer to equality in our society and with the help of groups like the YWCA USA, we can achieve that equality. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HUILIANG LIU 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the President and co-founder of the Denver Chinese School, Huiliang Liu. Presi-dent Huiliang Liu has overseen the growth of the school from a single room class in 1998 to its current size of three different campuses in the Denver metropolitan area with over four hundred students. Huiliang Liu is truly an icon in our community and it is my honor to recog-nize him in the United States House of Rep-resentatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.033 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1610 December 6, 2018 
President Huiliang Liu’s work has made the difference in the lives of countless Chinese- American students as they gain a greater ap-preciation and understanding of their ances-tor’s historical homeland, and thereby contrib-uting to the cultural fabric of our community. The Denver Chinese School provides courses and programs that serve to enlighten the community with educational and cultural enrichment. The Denver Chinese School orga-nizes the largest Colorado Chinese New Year Celebration held in the State of Colorado. Throughout his 20 years of dedicated serv-ice, President Huiliang Liu has guided the Denver Chinese School to be the excellent or-ganization and valuable asset to the State of Colorado that it is today. I look forward to and wish Huiliang Liu and the Denver Chinese School nothing but continued success in its fu-ture. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHARLIE BRONITSKY 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Charlie Bronitsky upon his departure from the city council of Foster City and the governing board of the Estero Municipal Improvement District. During his service, Charlie has been a well-reasoned, principled voice for smart change in a city undergoing significant trans-formation. He was born in Brooklyn and moved to Cali-fornia in 1980 to finish his education in Berke-ley. He is a graduate of the U.C. Berkeley School of Law, as it is now known, and prac-tices real estate law focusing on transactions and litigation, including construction litigation. He brings to the city council a vast knowledge of land use law, mediation, and the intricacies of how every level of government operates. After he served on the planning commission for 3
1⁄2years, the residents of Foster City wisely selected him to serve on the city coun-cil, starting in 2009. Of course, 2009 was an extraordinarily bad year for our economy. Foster City finances cratered and the council had to make very dif-ficult decisions. City staff endured layoffs and the public endured service reductions. During this time, Charlie supported the consolidation of fire service with surrounding communities. He also supported partnering with San Mateo to deliver park and recreation services. By 2013, the city’s finances were stabilized but challenges remained. An economic plan, writ-ten in part by Charlie and a colleague on the council, was passed and the city’s growth since has largely followed its outline. Charlie represents Foster City on the board of the regional water agency which guarantees clean, reliable water at a fair price to all rate-payers. He is a leader on infrastructure issues, supporting renovations of the wastewater treatment plant and levee repairs to protect residents from catastrophic flooding. The con-struction of a senior residence development near city hall was due to a significant degree to the leadership of Charlie Bronitsky. Throughout these times, he’s been a cham-pion for sustainability initiatives. During his second term as Mayor, the city was one of two that received a Platinum Sustainability Best Practices Award from the Institute of Local Government. With the economy now recovered, major companies, such as Illumina and Gilead, are creating or adding to their corporate campuses in Foster City. Startups are once again moving into the office complexes in the city. Science and its bounty are powering the growth of this community that offers products and services around the globe. Foster City is also coping with enormous traffic that travels through the city on its way to surrounding communities. Councilmember Bronitsky has repeatedly advocated for the city to experiment with measures to deal with traffic rather than conducting lengthy studies or trying half-hearted measures. He has also cautioned residents to be mindful of the way a city’s budget is financed in modern-day Cali-fornia. Development brings additional property tax revenue to provide such essential services as police, fire, parks and libraries. His mes-sage is wise and needed during a time of change. Mr. Speaker, Foster City is a small town of 35,000 where families come to thrive, where seagulls come to dive, and where pelicans and boaters vie for space on the lagoons. For all its beauty, Councilmember Charlie Bronitsky chose to run for the city council when our nation was in crisis and the town’s budget was severely challenged. He stepped up because that’s what a citizen of this nation does when a community needs leadership. His priorities in 2009 included strong fiscal management of the city, the construction of a senior living facility near city hall, and man-aged, green growth. All three have largely been achieved during his terms in office. Resi-dents can be certain that Charlie Bronitsky cast his votes and made his public comments with the best interests of existing and future residents in mind. He will now return to private life and leave the opportunities of leadership to his successors. I am proud to call Charlie a friend and colleague and wish him and his equally impressive wife Martha and son Will much happiness and continued success. 
f 
HONORING JASON GRASSIE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Jason Grassie, for his work in my office and his serv-ice to our state. Jason served as the Legislative Director in my Washington, D.C. office for nearly two years. During that time, he developed and wrote numerous pieces of legislation, helped guide several of my bills through enactment, and became one of my most trusted advisers. Jason was an effective leader for the rest of the legislative team and I’ll always appreciate his dedication to the success of our office. On a personal note, Jason and I share a love of the life lessons of sports and a com-mitment to putting faith and family first in our life. Jason has been my advisor, but more im-portantly, I consider Jason my friend. I wish Jason continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. I have no doubt Jason’s biggest impact on our state and nation are yet to come. I look for-ward to cheering Jason on in those efforts. f 
REMEMBRANCE OF TONYA CHISSELL WILLIAMS, DEDI-CATED PUBLIC SERVANT WHO MADE VALUABLE AND SUBSTAN-TIAL CONTRIBUTIONS ON BE-HALF OF THE PEOPLE OF THE 18TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS AND THE UNITED STATES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is my sad duty to inform the House that Tonya Chissell Williams, who served the people of the Eighteenth Congressional District of Texas for many years as a senior staff member in my Houston district office, passed away on November 16, 2018, in Houston, Texas. Tonya Chissell Williams overcame life- changing challenges to complete her college education and her hard work and resilience was rewarded with both a prestigious Con-gressional Black Caucus Foundation Congres-sional internship which she served in my office and a Mickey Leland Congressional Fellow. Tonya Chissell Williams continued her ca-reer in public service In my Houston district as a Field Representative and Caseworker and her excellent performance earned the pro-motion to the position of Senior Casework Manager and Special Events Coordinator. Mr. Speaker, Tonya Chissell Williams was a beloved employee and public servant. She was always there to lend a helping hand as demonstrated through the countless projects on which she worked on behalf of those who needed a hand up including the annual Beat the Heat Program; the 18th Congressional District’s ‘‘Moms Summit’’ and the ‘‘When Women Succeed America Succeeds’’ events designed to empower, educate and uplift women; the ‘‘Back to School’’ event that fur-nishes children with backpacks and fresh hair-cuts; the annual Thanksgiving Turkey Give-away; and her biggest love, the Toys for Kids annual event that provides young children with the wonder and joy of the Christmas season. Tonya leaves to cherish her memory her husband, Kendrick Lawrence Williams; one son, Jason Alexander Chissell; her mother, Sharon Ann Chissell; her father, Joseph Rodri-guez Chissell; two sisters, Shannon Elizabeth Chissell-Uzomaka (Santa Eugene) and Khian Chissell-Martin (Jeffrey); two brothers, Joseph Nicholas Chissell and Rodriguez Joseph Lomax (Kewanda); her brother-in-law, Carlton Anthony Williams (Danielle); two nieces, Shariann (Sharie Berry) Elaine Uzomaka and Kamryn A. Martin; three nephews, Shawn A. Robinson, Jamoriss Martin, and Joseph N. Chissell, Jr. (deceased); and a host of rel-atives, friends, and loved ones. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following resolution honoring Tonya Chissell Williams and that the House observe a mo-ment of silence in her memory: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.038 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1611 December 6, 2018 
RESOLUTION OF CONGRESSIONAL CONDOLENCE  I
NMEMORY OF TONYA RENACHISSELL -WIL-
LIAMS  
DECEMBER 15 , 1980–NOVEMBER 16 , 2018 ‘‘My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you’’ John 15:12 Whereas, Tonya Chissell Williams was born December 15, 1980 to her parents Sharon and Joseph Chissell in New Orleans, Louisiana; and Whereas, Tonya Chissell Williams was a high achiever and attended H.C. Schaumburg Elementary, Edward Livingston Junior High School, McDonough 35 College Preparatory High School, Marion Abramson Math & Science—Magnet High School for the Gifted, and Delgado Community College in New Or-leans, Louisiana and received her Associate Degree in Computer Information Systems from the University of New Orleans in 2005 and her Bachelor’s Degree in Political Science from the University of Houston Downtown in 2009; and Whereas, Tonya Chissell Williams was forced to leave New Orleans in August 2005 due to the devastation by Hurricane Katrina and relocated with her relatives to Houston, Texas where she met and united in marriage to her husband Kendrick Lawrence Williams on September 10, 2006; and Whereas, Tonya Chissell Williams accepted Jesus Christ at an early age, believing strongly in God and believing deeply in the teaching of the Bible; she was a faithfull servant and Minister of Music at New Orle-ans East Seventh Day-Adventist Church where she served in many choirs while sing-ing along with Fred Hammond and the late Raymond Myles; and after relocating to Houston she joined Bellfort Seventh Day Ad-ventist Church, now known as World Harvest Outreach Seventh-Day Adventist Church, as a faithful member under the leadership of Senior Pastor Keith S. Goodman; and Whereas, Tonya Chissell Williams over-came life-changing challenges to complete her college education; her hard work and re-silience was rewarded with both a pres-tigious Congressional Black Caucus Founda-tion Congressional internship in the Office of Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee and a Mickey Leland Congressional Fellow in 2010; and Whereas, Tonya Chissell Williams started her career in public service in the Office of Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee in the United States House of Representatives in 2010 as a Field Representative and Case-worker, she was later promoted in 2014 as a Senior Casework Manager and Special Events Coordinator; and Whereas, Tonya Chissell Williams was a beloved employee and public servant, she was always there to lend a helping hand as demonstrated through the countless projects on which she worked on behalf of those who needed a hand up including the annual Beat the Heat Program; the 18th Congressional District’s ‘‘Moms Summit’’ and the ‘‘When Women Succeed America Succeeds’’ events designed to empower, educate and uplift women; the ‘‘Back to School’’ event that fur-nishes children with backpacks and fresh haircuts; the annual Thanksgiving Turkey Giveaway; and her biggest love, the Toys for Kids annual event that provides young chil-dren with the wonder and joy of the Christ-mas season; and Whereas, Tonya Chissell Williams’ desire to expand and continue her service to the Houston community led her to accept a posi-tion as Community Liaison with the City of Houston in the Health and Human Services Department; and Whereas, Tonya Chissell Williams leaves to cherish her legacy her husband; Kendrick Lawrence Williams; one son, Jason Alex-ander Chissell; her mother, Sharon Ann Chissell; her father, Joseph Rodriguez Chissell; two sisters, Shannon Elizabeth Chissell-Uzomaka (Santa Eugene) and Khian Chissell-Martin (Jeffrey); two brothers, Jo-seph Nicholas Chissell and Rodriguez Joseph Lomax (Kewanda); her brother-in-law, Carlton Anthony Williams (Danielle); two nieces, Shariann (Sharie Berry) Elaine Uzomaka and Kamryn A. Martin; three neph-ews Shawn A. Robinson, Jamoriss Martin, and Joseph N. Chissell, Jr. (deceased); and numerous other relatives, friends and col-leagues. Now Therefore Be It Resolved that, on behalf of the constituents of the Eighteenth Con-gressional District of Texas, I, in great hu-mility offer condolences to the family of Tonya Chissell Williams and those she leaves in God’s hands. Tonya was a true servant for the people of this city, state, and nation. Tonya’s work on earth is finished, and is de-serving of the commendation and admiration of the United States Congress. As the Master says in Matthew 25:21, ‘‘Well done, thou good and faithful servant.’’ f 
HONORING JEREMIAH WILLIAMS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable student, the late Mr. Jeremiah Williams. Jeremiah Williams was born on January 21, 2002 in Greenville, Mississippi to Lashona Wil-liams and Timothy Hawkins, Sr. Jeremiah was the sixth of eight children. Jeremiah’s earthly journey ended on November 9, 2018. Jeremiah was known to family and friends as ‘‘Dugga Wugga’’ or ‘‘Dugg’’. He was very passionate about sports. I gladly pay tribute to the memory of Jere-miah, and although it was short, I commend the exemplary life he lived. It was his young life that walked by, leaving his footprints in our hearts forever. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the life and accomplishments of the late Mr. Jeremiah Williams for his dedica-tion to serving others and giving back to the community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN J. RUSSELL 
HON. JOSH GOTTHEIMER 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of John J . Russell of West Roxbury, Massachusetts, who was the loving and devoted father of Tricia Russell, my exceptional and incomparable Chief of Staff. Originally born in County Cork to parents James and Norah, John was a proud son of Ireland through and through. Like many gen-erations of Irish who came to this country be-fore him, he and his loving wife Joanne raised their family in Boston—proudly preserving and celebrating their heritage, faith, and traditions. John was blessed with the gift of the gab and was known for his ability to make friends or engage complete strangers anywhere. For this and the other gifts he was blessed with, in-cluding his family, he was thankful—showing a devotion to his faith and his fellow parish-ioners. While I did not know John personally, I feel as though I have come to know his many ex-emplary qualities and his character through his daughter, who embodies his values day-in and day-out: selflessness and dedication, resil-ience, and an unwavering commitment to doing right by others, no matter what. John’s devotion and adoration may not have always been spoken, but his actions and un-adulterated love for his family were loud and clear. John undoubtedly was proud of Tricia and loved her dearly, helping her grow into the strong woman she is today. He was the rock on which the family was built and his spirit will continue to live on through Tricia and Joanne. Mr. Speaker, there is a beautiful old Irish saying for mourning a loved-one: ‘‘Ar dheis De ´ go raibh a h’anam,’’ meaning ‘‘May his soul be on the right side of God.’’ For us, there is no question: John’s love for his family, his love for his home, and his faith have secured for him a new life in God’s embrace. I ask my col-leagues to join me in celebrating the life of John J. Russell and his extraordinary legacy. f 
HONORING CHASEN BULLOCK 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Chasen Bullock, for his work in my office and his serv-ice to our state. Chasen worked in my Indiana office for nearly a year, serving as the head of our polit-ical operations. Chasen is a rock star and was a tremendous leader and asset to our team. He brought a wealth of experience and knowl-edge and was someone who became a trust-ed adviser, but more importantly, a great friend. On a personal note, Chasen is one of the rarest beasts you can find in Washington—a talented leader with humility and integrity. I wish Chasen continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. I have no doubt Chasen’s biggest impact on our nation are yet to come. I look forward to cheering Chasen on in those efforts. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF SARAH BLOCHER 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my gratitude to Sarah Blocher, a valued member of my Foreign Affairs Com-mittee staff. Sarah is a dedicated public serv-ant, committed to advancing the interests of the American people abroad. Her work has stemmed from her belief that strong, positive relations with our allies in Europe also strengthen our country. I have come to value Sarah’s insights into the challenges and opportunities in our trans-atlantic relationships, as well as her advocacy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.042 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1612 December 6, 2018 
for human rights, particularly international reli-gious freedom and combating the disturbing rise in antisemitism around the world. As the security landscape has evolved and new threats have emerged for the United States and our allies in Europe, such as the increas-ing aggression from Russia and its use of un-conventional and hybrid attacks, countering violent extremism and thwarting terrorist at-tacks against our allies, cutting off sources of funding and other support for Hezbollah and advocating for action to combat the trafficking of persons for the gruesome removal of their organs—Sarah has dedicated her time to drawing attention to and combatting these challenges. As well as being a dedicated member of my staff, Sarah is also devoted to her family: her husband Paul, and their three children, Seth, Anneliese and Caroline. In all things, I have found that she has worked diligently in service to her country and her family. I wish Sarah all the best as I depart Congress. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MELISSA DRISKO 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, our nation is blessed with many hardworking profes-sionals who work in the defense and intel-ligence communities, keeping our people safe and safeguarding American national security. Often they cannot talk about what they do, even among their family and close friends. And yet, some of the best and brightest in our country commit their lives to this dedicated service. One of those individuals has unfortunately been taken away from us too soon, but her passing enables the public to get a glimpse of the critical roles she has played as an out-standing leader in our intelligence community. Melissa Drisko most recently served as Deputy Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency. The daughter of a U.S. Army Officer, she graduated from University of Virginia on an ROTC scholarship and was commissioned as an officer in the U.S. Navy in 1981. Her as-signments in the Navy included watch officer, intelligence officer, Soviet submarine analyst, and aid to the Director of Naval Intelligence, where she met her beloved husband, Phil Kosmacki. She went on to work at the Depart-ment of State and as Flag Aide to the Director of Naval Intelligence. Following her Naval service, Melissa contin-ued her distinguished career as a civilian with leadership positions in several agencies in-cluding Office of Naval Intelligence, Central In-telligence Agency, and Office of the Director of National Intelligence. For the past 14 years, Melissa served at the Defense Intelligence Agency, culminating in her position as Deputy Director. The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, Lieutenant General Ashley called Ms. Drisko ‘‘brilliant, determined, and among the finest intelligence officers of her generation.’’ A quiet and visionary leader, she encouraged others to speak their mind, always with an eye to the greater good. Melissa was known for her intelligence, her inquisitive mind, and her integrity. Those clos-est to her also recognized her kindness, her quick sense of humor, and her way of being fully present in any given situation, qualities that were woven throughout her life. While she was serving the nation as a na-tional security professional, the center of her life was her family, as a spouse to her hus-band, Phil, and as a mom to their children, Ali-son, Rachel, and Jackson. Like most of her colleagues in the Intel-ligence Community, Melissa served humbly and selflessly, directing accolades away from herself to those with whom she worked. She knew that she was part of a team, and she made that team better. The focus of that team and the professional calling of Melissa’s life were to protect her fellow citizens and defend the United States of America. That is among the highest calling to which any of us can de-vote our lives. Melissa passed away on November 14 after a two-year battle with cancer, which she faced with characteristic strength and dignity. Day after day, year after year, Melissa Drisko served her country, setting a standard of excellence that made our country safer and stronger. May we all draw inspiration from this full, meaningful life well lived. And may we all use her passing to give thanks for the service of such an outstanding and dedicated profes-sional. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GREAT WALL CHINESE ACADEMY 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Great Wall Chinese Academy in Highlands Ranch, Colorado. On Sundays, classes on Chinese language and culture, to include fitness classes, are taught at the Great Wall Chinese Academy to serve the entire Denver Metropolitan area. It is my honor to recognize the achievements of this vital part of our community here in the United States House of Representatives. Originally founded in 2004, the Great Wall Chinese Academy offers classes to students of all ages, as well as adults, in various sub-jects, from Chinese dances and martial arts, to sports and educational tutoring. Every class is open to students from all backgrounds as the Great Wall Chinese School strives to achieve its mission of, ‘‘preparing our students to bet-ter face tomorrow’s challenges by offering Chi-nese language lessons, cultural enrichment, and life-long skill training, all in an environ-ment that promotes positivity, encouragement and sense of community.’’ I would also like to recognize President and co-founder Dongqing Wei, and Principal and co-founder Shaomei Cheng for all their work at the Great Wall Chinese Academy. Their leadership has guided the Great Wall Chinese Academy to be an excellent school, and valu-able asset to the state of Colorado that it is today. I look forward to and wish the Great Wall Chinese Academy continued success in its future. HONORING CRAIG KUNKLE HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a former member of my staff, Craig Kunkle, for his work in my office and his serv-ice to our state. I’ve known Craig for more than two decades and during that time, he has become a close friend and trusted adviser. Craig has proven himself to be one of our state’s top political minds. There’s no doubt that I wouldn’t be where I am today without Craig’s counsel and help every step of the way. On a personal note, Craig is a talented leader and loyal friend. He has already im-pacted our state in extraordinary ways. But, I am certain that his biggest impact is yet to come. I want to thank Craig for his friendship and dedication to our work. I wish him contin-ued success in all that God has planned for his family. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR GENERAL RONALD KIRKLIN 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Major General Ronald Kirklin, a dedicated and distinguished veteran of the U.S. Army. Major General Kirklin is a Distinguished Mili-tary Graduate from Mississippi Valley State University in the class of 1987. With a mas-ter’s degree in Adult and Continuing Education from Kansas State University and in Strategic Studies from the U.S. Army War College he has shown many that ‘‘Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.’’ as stated by Nelson Mandela. MG Kirklin’s military service began from 1988 to 1991 in the 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, in Fulda, Germany, where, he served as a Platoon Leader, General Supply Officer, and Squadron S4, Combat Support Squadron. After graduating from the Advanced Course, he was assigned to the 5th Infantry Division, at Fort Polk, Louisiana, from 1992 to 1993, as a Class IX Accountable Officer. From 1993 to 1996, he was assigned to the 124th Main Support Battalion, 2nd Armored Division, at Fort Hood, Texas, as the Supply and Serv-ices Officer, Support Operations Officer, and later as the Light Maintenance Company Com-mander. After completion of Company Com-mand, he served as the Task Force XXI Com-bat Systems Manager, 4th Infantry Division. From 1996 to 1999, Kirklin was assigned to Hohenfels, Germany, where he functioned as the Combat Service Support Observer/Con-troller on the Grizzlies and Timberwolves Ma-neuver Teams, and later as the Operations Group S4. From 1999 to 2000, he was a stu-dent at the Command and General Staff Col-lege, at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Kirklin was then assigned to the 1st Cavalry Division, at Fort Hood, from 2000 to 2002, where he was the Executive Officer in the 215th Forward 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.046 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1613 December 6, 2018 
Support Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Cavalry Division, and 1st Calvary Division DISCOM S3. His following assignment was as the Course Director, Combined Captains Ca-reer Course, at Fort Lee, Virginia, from 2002 to 2004. In 2004, Kirklin returned to Fort Hood, and was again assigned to the 1st Cavalry Division DISCOM, a Deputy Commander while de-ployed to Taji, Iraq, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. After re-deployment in March 2005, he assumed Command of the 215th Brigade Support Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, at Fort Hood, on 14 July 2005. As com-mander, he deployed the battalion to Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom 2006–08, Diyala Province, Iraq, and then recovered the unit back to Fort Hood. After relinquishing Battalion Command in March 2008, he attended the U.S. Army War College, at Carlisle Baracks, Pennsylvania. After graduating from the War College in 2009, Kirklin returned to Fort Hood, and as-sumed command of the 4th Sustainment Bri-gade on 14 July 2009. He deployed as the 4th Sustainment Brigade to Tallil, Iraq, in support of Operation New Dawn in February 2011. Kirklin redeployed the Brigade from Tallil, Iraq, in December 2011, after serving as the final Sustainment Brigade to close out sustainment and retrograde operations to end Operation New Dawn. In January 2012, Kirklin was as-signed to the United States Central Command J4, in Tampa, Florida, as Chief of Current Op-erations. Kirlin became the 53rd Commandant of the Quartermaster School on 9 June 2014–June 2016. He was promoted to Brigadier General on 5 December 2014. In June 2016 MG Kirklin was assigned as the Director of Operatons, G–4 3/5/7, Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, G–4 at the Pen-tagon, Washington, followed by assignment as Deputy Chief of Staff, G–4 U.S. Army Forces Command. MG Kirklin was decorated and received many awards which includes: the National De-fense Service Medal; Legion of Merit (2 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters); Bronze Star Medal (2 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters); Meritorious Service Medal (4 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters); Army Commendation Medal (2 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters); Army Achievement Medal; Iraqi Campaign Medal; Global War of Terrorism Ex-peditionary Medal; Global War of Terrorism Service Medal; Army Service Ribbon; Army Overseas Service Ribbon; Combat Action Badge; and Parachutist Badge. MG Kirklin was also recognized in a journal article: Top Black Officers in the U.S. Military: US Black Engineer and Information Technology; Vol. 41, No. 4 (WINTER 2017), pp. 240–75; Published by the Career Communications Group. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Major General Ronald Kirklin for his amorous, dedicated and superior loyalty to our community in the 2nd Congressional Dis-trict, the U.S. of America and U.S. Army since 1988 to the present. We salute Major General Ronald Kirklin for his accomplishments. CONGRATULATING COACH DALE GILDEHAUS OF ST. FRANCIS BORGIA HIGH SCHOOL IN WASH-INGTON, MISSOURI ON HIS IN-DUCTION INTO THE MISSOURI SPORTS HALL OF FAME 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Coach Dale Gildehaus of St. Francis Borgia High School in Washington, Missouri on his well-deserved induction into the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame. Coach Gildehaus has a longstanding career of 32 years as head football coach at St. Francis Borgia High School. Throughout the years, Coach Gildehaus has approached foot-ball as much more than just a game about wins and losses. It’s about faith, family, his players and coaches, and the entire Wash-ington, MO community. As a graduate of St. Francis Borgia, Coach Gildehaus has the unique connection to the town and under-stands the importance of a coach who cares about his team on and off the football field. His ultimate goal is to teach positive leader-ship and influence his team to also develop positive leadership mindsets to carry into their personal lives and help them be successful in whatever they choose to do. As Coach Gildehaus enters his 32nd year, he boasts a whopping 252 wins. Among those wins is a Class 3 state championship in 1993. In 1995, he was honored with the Jimmy Conzelman Coach of the Year by the National Football Foundation. Despite his impressive record, Coach Gildehaus often credits the many coaches who have impacted his life: Coaches Rinne, Scanlan, and Flanagan each demanded discipline, respect, and hard work- the same lessons that Coach Gildehaus instills in his football players today. After high school, Coach Gildehaus went on to play football at Truman State University in Kirksville, Missouri where he earned induction to the Truman State Hall of Fame. After grad-uating he spent four years at Union High School before moving to his current position at St. Francis Borgia. This impressive football ca-reer has been acknowledged by the Missouri Football Coaches Association in 2007 with an induction into their Hall of Fame. In 2014, the Missouri Football Coaches Association also honored him with the Pete Adkins Power of In-fluence in Football Award. Throughout the years, Coach Gildehaus has always been supported by his loving wife, Beth, and their children, Christopher, Sandi, and Stacy. His granddaughter, Anna, said it best: ‘‘whether it is on the field, around school, at home, or around town you can always count on Grandpa to have a smile on his face’’. Mr. Speaker, please join me in con-gratulating Coach Gildehaus on his incredible career and induction to the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame. RISE: MISSION ACCOMPLISHED IN HONOR AND REMEMBRANCE AT THE PASSING OF OUR 41ST PRESIDENT PRESIDENT GEORGE HERBERT WALKER BUSH HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a poem by Albert Carey Caswell: 
Our tears are deep In hearts of the love which speak As no longer upon this earth to keep You, as its for you Timber Wolf we now so weep With sadness and tears of joy so sweet For heaven is full of such men of grace Who stand strong in all of their love and courage, and in all their service and faith, in what they’ve faced And for whom our Nation have so bled, for that old Red, White, and Blue each day they wake in how they’ve led Who give, not take For you George, America Son our Lord holds so a place As an Angel who will watch over us, because of your service and faith ‘‘A Patriot’s plane was shot from the sky’’ ‘‘Would this brave heart live or die?’’ ‘‘What was to be?’’ ‘‘When, the Lord reached down and pulled this man from the sea’’ George, Rise MISSION ACCOMPLISHED Rise up to heaven with tears in your eyes To be with your family, and to watch over us as another ‘‘point of light’’, by our Lord’s side As Ronald, George, Abraham, Martin, Thom-as, Rosa, Sonny, Lee, and Jack are looking forward to having with you such quality time Sadly, with us your time on Earth is over, realized But, left behind is your life Mr Incredible, a remarkable legacy which can’t be de-nied As a Patriot of Peace, who to do his best al-ways strived Armed with a golden heart of strength, to conquer every mountain you had to climb And a resume second to none history will find But, to you your greatest accomplishment of all, was as a Husband, as a Father, as a Son, and as a Grandfather we saw Just look at your magnificent family stand-ing there in awe As you children were so blessed, for a child to become whole, to bring peace and love to their soul, they need a Father’s Love But, right now history is in our face, and as it moves away from us, one of the greatest Presidents will stand in its place Bringing down that Berlin Wall in Europe, and the cold war to communism erase Drawing that line in sand ‘‘this aggression shall stand’’ in evil’s face As you knew when to stop to save precious lives, all part of your grace While, carrying the heaviest of all burdens of life and death, a President must face When Bush Comes To Shove, as precious lives you would not waste While, domestically too such a high place And though you were a giant in stature so very great, it was your kind and hum-ble heart above all the others we placed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.050 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1614 December 6, 2018 
Who all along the way touched every woman, child, and man with your grace And became The Father of All Letter Writers through the decades at such a prolific pace With your photographic memory where noth-ing erased A real American hero who the accolades upon him would not let them place An a American sportsman of the highest order, as competition and fun as ever you chased As you and your buddy Arnold stressed, the importance of fitness to our children to embrace And being around and on the sea, your soul was so graced While, in your boat like a bat out of hell all around Kennebunkport you raced Jumping out of a helicopter at 90 as Father Time could not keep pace Born of wealth, privilege, and prestige you could have led a life of such ease paced Raised by a great Mother and Father who watched, their work of art to public service race And like the cowboy and pioneer you were and became, out to the West with your Bar to your new love TEXAS as oilman to stake your claim And after great success realizing that it was in public service your heart should re-main Rising up to Congress, Vice President, to President to be the best not looking for fame With your life’s creed of God, Family, and Country became your life’s refrain As A Man For All Seasons, for so many rea-sons your lessons to all of our children we must train Part of the greatest generation as a warrior Saving The World as back home you came As you were always A Man On A Mission, to bless our Nation and World with your wise decisions, time and again And now George it is time Rise, rise up to heaven with tears in your eyes As the love of your life Barbara, and your precious little girl Robin you’ll find ‘‘Daddy its been so long’’ and Bar says ‘‘now were all together where we belong’’ And don’t worry George you don’t have to eat broccoli in heaven all day long That’s the other place where the bad ones be-long As our Lord says, ‘‘George, and you never let me down’’, ‘‘I’m so glad I pulled you From The Sea where I found, on the wings of a dove’’ Rise, up to heaven my son At Ease your time on earth is done As a new Angel in The Army of Our Lord in heaven mission has just begun RISE, MISSION ACCOMPLISHED my son f 
HONORING JOHN HATTER 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a longtime member of my staff, John Hat-ter, for his work in my office and his service to our state. John has been on our team from the very beginning, serving as our Director of Con-stituent Services. In this role, John is respon-sible for managing our constituent services program, coordinating the 6th Congressional District Veterans Advisory Committee, and leading the 6th Congressional District Military Service Academy Nomination Board, which nominates young Hoosiers to serve at the United States Military Service Academies. On a personal note, I admire John’s loyalty, intellect and work ethic. He has been a valu-able member of our team, and I have no doubt John’s future is very bright. I want to thank John for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish him, Katia, and the kids continued success in all that God has planned for their family. f 
COLORADO YOUNG FARMERS EDU-CATIONAL ASSOCIATION 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 50th anniversary of the Colorado Young Farmers Educational Association (CYFEA). Since its founding, the organization has strongly supported Coloradans who are involved or interested in the agricultural indus-try. CYFEA provides industry cooperation, edu-cational programs, community service and rec-reational opportunities for all individuals. With upwards of 200 members, the organization provides resources for producers and con-sumers. A half-century after its inception CYFEA continues to honor Colorado’s rich ag-ricultural roots. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I extend my con-gratulations and best wishes to the Colorado Young Farmers Educational Association. We look forward to their continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DOWNTOWN AURORA VISUAL ARTS 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to rise today to recognize Downtown Aurora isual Arts. This non-profit organization located in my hometown of Aurora, Colorado provides art education courses for students of all ages. Originally founded in 1993, Downtown Aurora Visual Arts has become a place for children and young people to fuel their creativity and to develop character through an artistic avenue. For the younger artists, Downtown Aurora Visual Arts’ OASIS Studio program introduces them to pottery, sculpture, and a variety of other art projects. Doing so allows their imagi-nation to grow. The development of imagina-tion is incredibly important to the overall devel-opment of children. Such programs are espe-cially important after school and during the summer months when children are not in school. Another program, ‘Job Training in the Arts’ familiarizes middle and high school students with the critical workforce skills needed to suc-ceed in a real job. It emphasizes teamwork, respect, personal responsibility, and the devel-opment of problem-solving skills in the work-place. The programs that Downtown Aurora Visual Arts provides promote positive youth development and encourage students to ad-dress issues and concepts that personally im-pact them. I am very proud to note that Downtown Au-rora Visual Arts was awarded the 2014 Na-tional Arts and Humanities Youth Program Award. This award serves as the nation’s highest honor for out-of-school arts and hu-manities programs focused on America’s young people. Additionally, I would like to rec-ognize the leadership of the Executive Director Susan Jenson who was awarded 2018 Arts and Society Award from the Bonfils Stanton Foundation. Organizations like Downtown Aurora Visual Arts help make the city of Aurora, and our greater community the wonderful place it is today. I am honored to salute Downtown Au-rora Visual Arts’ achievements and look for-ward to its continued success in the years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING SEAN KOTARO O’NEILL 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my appreciation to U.S. For-eign Service Officer Sean O’Neill for his serv-ice as a Department of State Fellow on the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I commend Sean for his many years of faithful service to our nation and his work on our Committee during the 114th and 115th Congresses. Sean has strengthened America’s national security, enhanced the relationship between the Con-gress and the Department of State, and re-flected credit upon the United States Foreign Service. Sean made substantial contributions to our efforts to address the most significant foreign policy issues facing our nation. From combat-ting transnational crime and terrorism to de-fending democracy and human rights around the world, Sean’s experience and judgment have been invaluable in helping craft sound policies to promote our national security and economic prosperity. Sean has also been an effective advocate for the brave men and women of the Depart-ment of State who serve our country honor-ably around the world. Since the founding of our country, our diplomats have served Amer-ica in some of the most difficult and dan-gerous places on earth. Sean has heightened the Committee’s understanding of the impor-tant and difficult work our diplomats do and enhanced our oversight of the Department and its critical national security mission. Sean combines a keen eye for strategic pol-icy and practitioner’s understanding of how to effectively implement that policy. He has earned the respect of Members of Congress and staff and developed enduring working re-lationships across Capitol Hill. It has been a pleasure to have Sean serve on my staff and I wish him well as he continues his service to our nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.053 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1615 December 6, 2018 
2007 DEPLOYMENT OF MARINE SPECIAL OPERATIONS TASK FORCE 
HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 6, 2018 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to inform my colleagues that on March 4, 2007 the first deployment of a Marine Special Oper-ations Task Force to combat in Afghanistan was conducting a combat reconnaissance pa-trol in the village of Bati Kot, Afghanistan near the Afghan-Pakistan border when they were attacked by enemy forces who used a car bomb and a complex ambush consisting of groups of fighters on both sides of the road and a sniper element. The Marines coura-geously counter-attacked the enemy with ac-curate firepower and immediately reported the situation from the ambush site using satellite radio and data transmissions to their special operations command center as was factually proven through eye-witness testimony during legal proceedings. The most significant element of this engage-ment was the fact that the Marine unit did not choose the battlefield. As so often has hap-pened, the terrorist element who attacked the Marines intentionally chose to launch their am-bush while in an area where many non-combatants would be put in grave danger. The terrorists where hiding behind innocent resi-dents knowing many would be caught in the crossfire. The Marines smartly departed the ambush site after five minutes and continued to receive enemy gunfire and sniper fire from multiple enemy positions. Twenty minutes following the attack the Marines returned to their patrol base and were informed that reports of Ma-rines murdering Afghan civilians including women and children had already been an-nounced in the international media. These re-ports of Marines committing civilian atrocities swiftly grew in the international media and a command investigation was ordered by the Commanding General of the Special Oper-ations Command Central in Tampa, Florida. Only one day following the arrival of the com-mand investigator who had heard testimony from only ten Marines who were on the patrol the entire Marine Special Operations Task Force consisting of 120 personnel were or-dered out of Afghanistan and faced a criminal investigation led by Naval Criminal Investiga-tion Services into accusations of negligent homicide. The Marines returned home in disgrace, several were relieved of their duties prior to the investigation being completed and were subject to greater slander by the international media of a war crime that alleged killing 19 Af-ghan civilians and wounding 50 Afghan civil-ians without ever having any prima facie evi-dence of a bullet, a body or even a photo-graph of a murdered Afghan. NCIS’ investigation lasted over one year and utilized techniques that centered on strong arm tactics against two Marine wit-nesses of Latino ethnicity to include repeated coercion and false threats made against their families and careers if they did not comply with their unlawful requests for taking an ‘‘or-dered’’ polygraphs and signing NCIS’ prepared witness statements. Seven of these Marines who were falsely accused of war crimes were continually vilified in the press, families and careers were ruined from countless statements in the press for over one year after the alleged massacre took place. Over four months following a 3.5 week courtroom trial the Marine Corps Central Com-mand released a short statement that, ‘‘the Marines ‘acted appropriately’ according to the rules of engagement and tactics, techniques and procedures for a complex ambush.’’ This statement enraged many Afghans and led to rioting in Afghanistan meanwhile the press continued to print libelous statements for eight more years accusing the Marines of having committed these crimes and not being pun-ished. However, the Marines continued to serve their Corps and faithfully deployed to combat in Afghanistan and other locations overseas, with these repeated libelous state-ments being written and believed as facts in the media, books and many military senior commands. The effects were devastating to the seven Marines health (including fighting cancer and diabetes), destroying marriages and the ca-reers of these Marines who continued to faith-fully serve. It is time that the record be clearly be told that the Marines from the first Marine Special Operations Task Force were proven in court to have been attacked by enemy forces and the Marines fought with courage as they killed enemy forces, immediately and accurately re-ported the events to their command and were subsequently unethically interrogated by NCIS and in the media using methods that caused permanent destruction to their health, families and careers. These reports of war crimes were unsub-stantiated, and these Marines deserve to be recognized for their courage as they encoun-tered the enemy who inflicted the first casualty on a U.S. Marine from the Marine Special Op-erations Command and these Marines all de-serve their God given rights to pursue happi-ness and not suffer the professional embar-rassment of these false accusations of war crimes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.058 E06DEPT1
D1246 Thursday, December 6, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.J. Res. 143, Further Continuing Appropriations. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7323–S7372 Measures Introduced: Eighteen bills and three res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3714–3731, S. Res. 716–717, and S. Con. Res. 58. 
                                                                                    Pages S7356–57 
Measures Reported: Report to accompany S. 1403, to amend the Pub-lic Lands Corps Act of 1993 to establish the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in national service positions to conserve, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States. (S. Rept. No. 115–420) S. 32, to provide for conservation, enhanced recre-ation opportunities, and development of renewable energy in the California Desert Conservation Area, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–421) Report to accompany S. 1857, to establish a com-pliance deadline of May 15, 2023, for Step 2 emis-sions standards for new residential wood heaters, new residential hydronic heaters, and forced-air furnaces. (S. Rept. No. 115–422) Report to accompany S. 3172, to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service. (S. Rept. No. 115–423) S. 1548, to designate certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wilderness and na-tional recreation areas and to make additional wild and scenic river designations in the State of Oregon, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S7356 Measures Passed: Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office: Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5238, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S7332 
Larry Doby Congressional Gold Medal Act: Sen-ate passed H.R. 1861, to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achievements and con-tributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
                                                                                            Page S7332 
National Law Enforcement Museum Exhibits Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1417, to amend the National Law Enforcement Museum Act to allow the Museum to acquire, receive, possess, collect, ship, transport, import, and display firearms, and the bill was then passed.
                                                Page S7332 
REAL ID Act Modification for Freely Associated States Act: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3398, to amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to permit Freely Associated States to meet identification requirements under such Act, and the bill was then passed.
                      Pages S7332–33 
Small Business Runway Extension Act: Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6330, to amend the Small Business Act to modify the method for prescribing size standards for business concerns, and the bill was then passed.
          Page S7333 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06DE8.REC D06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1247 December 6, 2018 
National Guard and Reserve Entrepreneurship Support Act: Senate passed S. 3561, to support en-trepreneurs serving in the National Guard and Re-serve, after agreeing to the committee amendments. 
                                                                                    Pages S7333–34 
Veterans Small Business Enhancement Act: Sen-ate passed S. 2679, to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to vet-eran-owned small businesses, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S7334 
Spurring Business in Communities Act: Senate passed H.R. 4111, to amend the Small Business In-vestment Act of 1958 to improve the number of small business investment companies in under-licensed States.
                                                    Pages S7334–35 
Further Continuing Appropriations: Senate passed H.J. Res. 143, making further continuing ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019.
                       Page S7337 
Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthoriza-tion Act: Senate passed S. 2597, to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that operate grad-uate medical education programs.
                     Page S7365 
Savanna’s Act: Senate passed S. 1942, to direct the Attorney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address missing and murdered Indians, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                                     Pages S7365–66 
Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act: Senate passed S. 2343, to require the Federal Communica-tions Commission to establish a task force for meet-ing the connectivity and technology needs of preci-sion agriculture in the United States, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                                     Pages S7367–68 
Endangered Salmon Predation Prevention Act: Senate passed S. 3119, to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its tributaries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, and agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S7368–70 
Cornyn (for Risch) Amendment No. 4069, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Pages S7369–70 
GAO–IG Act: Senate passed S. 2276, to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding rec-ommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, after withdrawing the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:                                                                    Pages S7370–71 
Cornyn (for Young) Amendment No. 4070, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Pages S7370–71 
Department of Homeland Security Data Frame-work Act: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2454, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appropriate personnel to law en-forcement and other information of the Department, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
        Page S7371 
Cornyn (for Johnson) Amendment No. 4071, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S7371 
NASA Enhanced Use Leasing Extension Act: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation was discharged from further consideration of S. 7, to amend title 51, United States Code, to ex-tend the authority of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to enter into leases of non-ex-cess property of the Administration, and the bill was then passed.
                                                          Pages S7371–72 
Ashanti Alert Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5075, to encourage, enhance, and integrate Ashanti Alert plans throughout the United States, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S7372 
Cornyn (for Warner/Blumenthal) Amendment No. 4072, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Page S7372 
Improving Access to Maternity Care Act: Senate passed H.R. 315, to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to distribute maternity care health profes-sionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. 
                                                                                            Page S7372 
Appointments: Cyberspace Solarium Commission: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader, in consultation with the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Armed Services, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, ap-pointed the following individuals to serve as mem-bers of the Cyberspace Solarium Commission: Tom Fanning of Georgia and Chris Inglis of Maryland. 
                                                                                            Page S7372 
Muzinich Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury.
                                                        Pages S7341–51 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06DE8.REC D06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1248 December 6, 2018 
agreement of Thursday, December 6, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, De-cember 10, 2018.
                                                      Page S7341 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S7341 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S7341 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, Senate resume consideration of the nomina-tion at approximately 4 p.m., on Monday, December 10, 2018; and that the cloture motion on the nomi-nation ripen at 5:30 p.m.
                                      Page S7372 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 50 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. EX. 254), Ber-nard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 30, 2020. 
                                                   Pages S7329–32, S7335–37, S7372 
By 50 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. EX. 255), Kath-leen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protection for a term of five years.
                                                  Pages S7337–41, S7372 
1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                            Pages S7351, S7372 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7355 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S7355 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7355–56 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S7356 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7357–58 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7358–59 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7354–55 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7361–64 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S7364–65 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7365 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—255)
                                                 Pages S7337, S7341 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:14 p.m., until 4 p.m. on Monday, December 10, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7372.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AFGHANISTAN Committee on Armed Services: Committee received a closed briefing on the security situation in Afghani-stan from Colin F. Jackson, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary for Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Central Asia, Lieutenant General Thomas W. Bergeson, USAF, Deputy Commander, United States Central Com-mand, and Major General Michael S. Groen, USMC, Director for Intelligence (J2), Joint Chiefs of Staff, all of the Department of Defense. PROXY PROCESS AND RULES Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine proxy process and rules, focusing on current practices and potential changes, including H.R. 4015, to improve the quality of proxy advisory firms for the protection of investors and the U.S. economy, and in the public interest, by fostering accountability, transparency, re-sponsiveness, and competition in the proxy advisory firm industry, and S. 3614, to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require proxy advisory firms to register as investment advisers under that Act, after receiving testimony from Michael Garland, Of-fice of New York City Comptroller Scott Stringer, New York, New York, and Daniel M. Gallagher, former Commissioner of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Mylan N.V., and Thomas Quaadman, United States Chamber of Commerce Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness, both of Wash-ington, D.C. ARCTIC MARITIME TRANSPORTATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine pre-paring for maritime transportation in a changing arctic, after receiving testimony from Captain Ed-ward Page, USCG (Ret.), Marine Exchange of Alas-ka, Juneau; Kathy Metcalf, Chamber of Shipping of America, Washington, D.C.; and Willie Goodwin, Arctic Waterways Safety Committee, and Andrew Hartsig, Ocean Conservancy, both of Anchorage, Alaska. ZIMBABWE Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Afri-ca and Global Health Policy concluded a hearing to examine Zimbabwe after the elections, after receiv-ing testimony from Matthew Harrington, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Africa; Todd J. Moss, Center for Global Development, Washington, D.C.; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06DE8.REC D06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1249 December 6, 2018 
and Joseph Mutizwa, JSM Strategic Pathways, Harare, Zimbabwe. ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL Committee on Rules and Administration: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Ar-chitect of the Capitol’s human resources policies, after receiving testimony from Christine A. Merdon, Acting Architect of the Capitol and Chief Operating Officer. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-lic bills, H.R. 7217–7226; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 144; and H. Res. 1169–1171 were intro-duced.
                                                                              Page H9767 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H9768 
Reports Filed:Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2987, to amend the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 to establish the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in national service positions to conserve, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1066, Part 1); and H.R. 5859, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to require that a portion of rev-enues from new Federal mineral and geothermal leases be paid to States for use to supplement the education of students in kindergarten through grade 12 and public support of institutions of higher edu-cation, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1067, Part 1).
                             Page H9767 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Dr. Bruce Hargrave, Bruce Hargrave Ministries and Charities, Rowlett, TX. 
                                                                                            Page H9765 
Making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.J. Res. 143, making fur-ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019. 
                                                                                            Page H9765 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, December 10th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H9765 
Syria Study Group—Appointment: The Chair an-nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Syria Study Group: Dr. Kimberly E. Kagan of Wash-ington, DC.
                                                                  Page H9765 Senate Referrals: S. 1934 was held at the desk. S. 2736 was held at the desk. S. 3530 was held at the desk. S. Con. Res. 57 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H9766. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 12:07 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1239) 
H.R. 7187, to extend the National Flood Insur-ance Program until December 7, 2018. Signed on December 1, 2018. (Public Law 115–281) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing International Child Abduction’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06DE8.REC D06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1250 December 6, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Monday, December 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, December 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet at 12 noon. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1603, E1608 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1614 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1609 Cloud, Michael, Tex., E1604 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1605, E1609, E1612, E1614 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1607 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1606 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E1608 Gottheimer, Josh, N.J., E1611 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1601, E1606 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1603, E1605, E1610 Katko, John, N.Y., E1604, E1609 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1613 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1602, E1604, E1606, E1606, E1608, E1609, E1610, E1611, E1612, E1614 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E1601, E1607 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1602 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1601 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E1615 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E1601, E1606 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E1602, E1604, E1606, E1608, E1611, E1614 Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E1607 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E1601 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1613 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E1608 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1610 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1605, E1607, E1609, E1611, E1612 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E1612 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1603 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06DE8.REC D06DEPT1