Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3981 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 2018 No. 80 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 16, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable C
LAYHIG-
GINS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
HIGHER HOPES FOR PROFES-SIONALS AROUND THE PRESI-DENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, we can only imagine what the President and Sean Hannity talk about every night on the phone. The two TV hosts have a lot to discuss, I am sure. Maybe they talk about their mutual lawyer, Michael Cohen, and what he might or might not have in his files that could incriminate one or both of them. Or maybe they just discuss their mutual admiration for Russian dic-tator Putin. We can be reasonably sure that nei-ther of them spends too much time dis-cussing things they have done for which they are ashamed or things they have done or said for which they should apologize. All of that blathering this past week about whether the White House or the President would apologize for com-ments by a White House staffer about a gravely ill American war hero, Senator JOHNMCCAIN, was just wasted breath, if you ask me. In our President, we have someone who does not ever apolo-gize or regret something he or his staff has done, no matter how egregious. This week, the White House is not alarmed that a senior staff made light of Senator M
CCAIN’s illness and life ex-pectancy but, rather, that the com-ment about the former prisoner of war, an American hero, was made public. Clearly, someone on the White House staff who heard the comment knew it was wrong—just wrong. Moreover, they recognized the comment was emblem-atic of the attitude at the White House, from the President on down, and thought the Nation and the world should know about it. But it was the leak of accurate infor-mation from inside the White House that raised the ire of the President, not the fact that someone said things real-ly awful about a true American hero. We should know by now that this President and his henchmen do not apologize: Tweeting racist videos from right-wing British groups? Nah, no apology. Booting able-bodied Americans who want to serve their country out of the military because they are transgender? Not even. Bragging about sexually assaulting women by grabbing their private parts? Well, he came close to apologizing, but not really. Some speculate that being unapologetic is just the President’s brand. He is brash, and he says mean things and doesn’t back down because doing so would make him look weak, and revealing his weakness in public is clearly among the President’s greatest fears. The President and his late night phone buddy, Sean Hannity, remem-ber? They complained about the last President being too apologetic. But looking tough to cover up a fear of inferiority is only one explanation for why this President does not apolo-gize. He often doesn’t apologize because he thinks he was right in the first place, like when he said there were good people on both sides of the Nazi rally in Charlottesville where a woman was murdered by racist KKK extrem-ists. The President is not going to apolo-gize, and not because it would make him look weak in the case of Char-lottesville, but because he believes what he said was true: Nazis and the rest of Americans, the same. He will never apologize for his found-ing campaign sin: calling immigrants rapists and criminals. In fact, he is bas-ing a broad anti-immigration and anti- immigrant policy agenda on the bed-rock belief that crime and the skin color of a person are synonymous. This puts everyone around the Presi-dent in a difficult position. Do they point out the emperor’s nudity or do they praise his new suit? His chief of staff, remember, was dispatched to tell a Black Member of Congress that she was lying about how the President treated a soldier killed in action until the chief of staff was shown to be lying, himself, about what the Congress-woman said. In the end, the American people knew what they were getting with this President, and a minority—not the ma-jority of Americans, but a minority— still elected him to the White House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.000 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3982 May 16, 2018 
anyway. But the American people are learning important lessons about the President’s enablers at the three most important branches of the Republican Party: at the White House, in the Con-gress, and at FOX News. We know the President doesn’t lose sleep wrestling with the moral implica-tions of his behavior, but all of us had higher hopes for the professionals around the President—expectations which were apparently too high, in-deed. One thing is sure: this country owes a great debt to Senator J
OHNMCCAIN, and our thoughts and prayers are with him, even if the President’s thoughts are somewhere else. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
IRAN HOSTAGES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, last week all Americans were relieved when three of our own citizens were re-leased and returned home from North Korea. We are happy for them, for their families, and we rejoice in their reuni-fication. However, Mr. Speaker, this success only serves as a reminder that we have American citizens and legal permanent residents being unjustly detained else-where around the world, particularly in Iran. We know that the Iranian regime has played this game of detaining citi-zens from the U.S. and Western nations in an effort to get political and finan-cial concessions from us. They hold these folks hostages, use them as bar-gaining chips, destroying lives and families in the process. Last year, my south Florida col-league and ranking member on our sub-committee, the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, T
EDDEUTCH , and I held a hearing titled: ‘‘Held for Ran-som: The Families of Iran’s Hostages Speak Out.’’ We heard from Doug Levinson, the son of Bob Levinson, who has been missing in Iran since 2007—11 years. Bob is the longest held civilian hostage in America’s history. He is also a constituent of T
ED’s, and I know that Congressman D
EUTCH has worked tirelessly over the years to do what-ever he can to bring Bob home and to reunite him with his family. We also heard from other individ-uals—Babak Namazi, whose father and brother have been unjustly detained by the Iranian regime. I have met with Babak many times, and my heart just breaks each one of those times, espe-cially when we hear of Americans being freed from North Korea while Baquer and Siamak, his father and brother, linger in Iran’s prison. And our subcommittee also heard from Omar Zakka, son of Nizar Zakka, a U.S. legal permanent resident and hostage of the Iranian regime. Nizar has gone on hunger strikes about a dozen times since first being detained in 2015. I am sure, Mr. Speaker, that the Ira-nian regime used the news of the freed Americans from North Korea as a means to torture their hostages. The mental, physical, and psychological abuse that these individuals must be undergoing is beyond comprehension. The White House has said that this is a priority: to release all unjustly de-tained persons in Iran—not just Amer-ican citizens and U.S. legal permanent residents, but all foreigners who are unjustly detained. President Trump spoke about how this would not happen if he were Presi-dent, so it is time for President Trump to make that a reality. He can start by urging our European friends, some of whom have citizens detained in Iran as well, to make this more of a priority for them as well and to condition any further talk on the release of all pris-oners. We have to increase the pressure using all levers that we have, and we have to bring these brave individuals home. I was pleased to see President Trump announce his intent to appoint a spe-cial Presidential Envoy for Hostage Af-fairs earlier this week. This is a posi-tive first step, Mr. Speaker. It signals an intent to make a more concerted ef-fort to bring these Americans home. For the sake of Nizar and his family, for the sake of Baquer and Siamak and their families, for the sake of Bob Levinson and his family, and for the sake of Princeton graduate student Xiyue Wang and his family, and for all the Americans and other foreigners being held in Iran, we need to make this a priority. We need to secure their immediate release. f 
SUPPORT FOOD SECURITY FOR AMERICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the situation we are cur-rently facing regarding the House version of the farm bill. The House farm bill, traditionally, for over 40 years, is one of the most bi-partisan things that we do here in Con-gress, Democrats working with Repub-licans throughout the various regions of America. This is the third farm bill that I have had the opportunity to par-ticipate in, working together. So where are we today? We are ex-actly where we should not be. We are facing a vote this week on a partisan farm bill that is both, in my view, bad policy and divides us even further as a country. This bill does not promote or demonstrate the successful programs, I think, necessary to strengthen our trade in the agricultural sectors across the country. America trades throughout the world, and our agricultural economy is dependent, in large degree, on our abil-ity to produce more food than we can consume; and, therefore, trade becomes very important. American agriculture needs a farm bill that supports and promotes not only trade, but, now perhaps more than ever with looming escalation of a trade war sparked by the administration’s ef-forts with steel and aluminum, we see tariffs taking place on a host of prod-ucts grown in the Midwest—sorghum, corn, and wheat—and in California po-tential increases in beef and pistachios and almonds. So that doesn’t fare well. This version of the farm bill also does not adequately support the dairy safe-ty net. Of course, our dairy economy is big throughout the Midwest and in California, actually, the largest dairy State in the Nation. Nor does it do enough for our specialty crop farmers who grow the fresh fruits and vegeta-bles that are a part of a healthy diet. California grows half of the Nation’s fruits and vegetables. This bill also proposes to make changes to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, otherwise known as SNAP, which will likely devastate parts of the food program that are working well. This, after all, is Amer-ica’s safety net, and we have a lot of not only children and elderly, but peo-ple who are disabled who depend and rely on these important food nutrition programs. We do all believe that able-bodied people should be working, and all of us have the same goal in ensuring that those able-bodied people are self-suffi-cient. If we want people to become self- reliant, let’s give them a SNAP pro-gram that does just that. We have 10 pilot projects in 10 dif-ferent States that are working, and they are to report back next year on what best works to get able-bodied peo-ple working and what doesn’t work. But this proposal in this House version is doomed to failure, and the House CBO has scored it accordingly. Instead, it will likely cause our SNAP edu-cation to create training programs that will collapse, costing billions of dollars, creating a new Federal bu-reaucracy that was never given a chance to succeed. We should not be in this position, Mr. Speaker. Where should we be? We should be working together, as we have with pre-vious farm bills, Democrats and Repub-licans, deliberate, negotiating, and, yes, even disagreeing over ideas and ap-proaches, but coming together with im-portant compromises. The farm bill is America’s food bill. It is also a national security item. Peo-ple don’t think about it that way, but the ability to produce all for America’s dinner table every night the most healthy, nutritious food in the world is a national security issue, I believe. Therefore, we must support our food security and safety for our fellow Americans. Our Nation’s food policy must feed Americans and ensure our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.002 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3983 May 16, 2018 
farmers, our ranchers, and our dairy producers can all be successful. b1015 It should not serve some and abandon others, and it should not further divide us as a country. As I have said, this is the third farm bill that I have had the privilege to work on. We have worked through these differences in the past, and we have worked through the challenges. It is my hope that Congress can do this again. But it will not happen if we allow the partisan arm-twisting to ram this bad policy through the House. A vote against the House version of the farm bill is a vote for something better, which is the Senate version, where they are working together, tra-ditionally, in a bipartisan fashion— that is what we should be doing—and not engaging in these partisan games that create bad policy. Therefore, a vote against the current bill on the House version is one that is a good vote, and it is one that protects our past farm policies as they have worked. A ‘‘no’’ vote is a vote for more support for our farmers and for our families. It is demanding that Congress do better because we can, and we must, do better. The Senate version is currently the version that I think, ultimately, is going to succeed. I look forward to con-tinue working with our colleagues on the other side—Republicans and Demo-crats—who are fostering a bipartisan bill—Senator R
OBERTS and Senator S
TABENOW . I look forward to moving past this version of the farm bill so that we can set aside this outrageous effort in par-tisan politics and get back to work on America’s food bill, a national security issue, to be sure. 
f 
UNDIAGNOSED GYNECOLOGICAL CANCERS IN AMERICAN WOMEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to inform the House about our team’s work on behalf of women in my district and across the Nation. Last month, data from Yale Univer-sity gynecologists demonstrated that between 2 percent and 10 percent of American women undergoing gyneco-logical operations end up having missed cancers. It is shocking to think that these cancers are found only after women undergo these surgeries. These missed cancers are at high risk of being spread by the very surgeries these women are undergoing to help them. My physician constituents, like the Reed family, tell me that this rep-resents an unacceptable and seismic epidemic of undiagnosed gynecological cancers that are prone to spread and upstaging with catastrophic results. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I have asked the CDC to immediately consider guid-ing gynecologists towards the use of more precise preoperative tissue biopsy methods in order to identify the women at risk. I am now awaiting a re-sponse from CDC leadership with a plan of action aimed at containing what is likely to be a shocking epidemic of undiagnosed gynecological cancers in American women. Mr. Speaker, we must stay focused on this situation in order to protect all women from this grave health risk. NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, this week is National Police Week, and I am proud to recognize a member of the law enforcement community in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, whose quick thinking delivered justice to a survivor of abuse. Officer Michael Marks of the Middle-town Township Police Department promptly and professionally inves-tigated an allegation of abuse of a non-verbal patient who had suffered blunt force trauma. His diligence led to a grand jury inquiry, which ultimately brought charges against a caretaker, who was later found guilty. Because of the work of Officer Marks, this indi-vidual will no longer be able to prey on the defenseless members of our com-munity. Mr. Speaker, I would like to person-ally thank Officer Marks for his work in defending our community and send a message to all of my neighbors in Mid-dletown Township that they are un-doubtedly safer for having him on our police force. 
RECOGNIZING MAKEFIELD WOMEN ’S ASSOCIATION  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, over the past year, women all over our country collectively raised their voices and are continuing to change our cul-ture for the better. Today, I would like to recognize a group of women in our district actively working to make Bucks County, Penn-sylvania, a better place. The Makefield Women’s Association in Yardley last month donated over $27,000 to local charities, including: A Woman’s Place, the Family Service Association Emer-gency Homeless Shelter, the Penndel Community Food Pantry, Wrapping Presence, and the Yardley-Makefield Volunteer Fire Company. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the work of the Makefield Women’s Association, which greatly improves the quality of life for our community. I would espe-cially like to thank the organization’s president, Jennifer Ketler, for her lead-ership and for her service. 
f 
FARM BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I enjoyed listening to my colleague from California talk about his deep concerns and reservations about the farm bill that is slowly grinding its way, per-haps, toward the floor being considered today by the Rules Committee. While we have somewhat different perspectives and different districts, we are united in the fact that this farm bill does not remotely reflect the needs of the American public. One of the problems is that we fail to address the disparate array of subsidies under the farm bill, benefiting a few States, a few districts, a few types of farming oper-ations, and ignoring the rest. The famous nutrition professor, Mar-ion Nestle, of NYU has written a great essay, ‘‘The Farm Bill Drove Me In-sane,’’ dealing with her attempts to try to understand and rationalize it. One of the most memorable portions is how she describes what an American diet would look like if it was based on the way that our farm bill subsidies are arrayed. The diet would consist of a giant corn fritter because 78 percent of the farm bill resources goes to the pro-duction of industrial corn and soy, not fruits and vegetables, which would be a tiny microscopic part of that plate. There would be a little hamburger patty because that is less than 5 per-cent, and there would be a little cup of milk. And she points out that that meal, based on the farm bill allocation, would be accompanied by a giant nap-kin because 13 percent of the farm bill is allocated to cotton subsidies. The farm bill shortchanges the vast majority of American farmers and ranchers, who are not heavily sub-sidized, who produce food—the fruits, vegetables, and orchard, products that deal with nurseries. The majority of States and the majority of farmers and ranchers are shut out. There is an area of crop insurance subsidy. I will tell you, I was stunned when I read the Statement of Adminis-tration Policy because they are con-cerned with two areas, one dealing with a necessary subsidy for people with nutrition assistance. They are afraid that a few poor people would have access to lower cost food through the Food Stamp program. They want to crank that down, limit it, and force people to work. Well, if you look at the farm bill that they are supporting, they are doing nothing to encourage wealthy farming interests to rely less on subsidization. They are concerned about expanding the subsidizes for people under the SNAP program. At the same time, we are given a farm bill that explodes the limits on the amount of subsidy that can flow to wealthy farming and ranching inter-ests, and it expands the subsidy so that nieces and nephews and cousins are eli-gible. People who aren’t working on the ranch are somehow eligible for Federal largesse, but they would deny hungry people, or near hungry people, low-income people, that same sort of benefit. There are also concerns that they want to crank down on the environ-mental programs; they want to make them more productive. Yet this farm 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:24 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.004 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3984 May 16, 2018 
bill ignores the fact that we right now do not have enough money for the con-servation programs to help farmers and ranchers who want to improve the en-vironment. Only one in four grants gets funded, some of them swallowed up by big in-dustrial agricultural interests that could afford to take care of their own environmental problems. But more telling is that they allow payment for things that don’t even improve the en-vironment. Why allow large agribusiness to com-pete for scarce environmental funding for things like hog lagoons and fences. That is the cost of doing business. That doesn’t improve the environment. Mr. Speaker, I have introduced legis-lation that would correct this in terms of cutting down, capping, and con-taining unnecessary subsidies; reducing overly generous crop insurance; and making conservation programs per-formance driven. I hope the day will come when we might be able to debate something like that on the floor of the House. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning, during National Police Week, to recognize and remember the men and women in blue, who protect and serve our local communities each and every day. Law enforcement officers leave the safety of their homes each day not knowing if they will pass back through their own front doors when their day is done. They leave their families behind to ensure the safety of our loved ones at schools, in neighborhoods, and on roadways. These individuals are true public servants who answer the call and put their lives on the line. Among their many roles in the com-munity, law enforcement officers serve as role models for our children, keep the peace in our neighborhoods, direct traffic for football games, and are the first to respond when help is needed. Far too often we take their services for granted. This week, I am proud that the House is taking up a number of important bills to support our local law enforce-ment. From legislation to prevent at-tacks on our officers to providing fund-ing for additional resources, we are working to ensure that these dedicated individuals have the tools they need to do their jobs and keep us safe. See, our law enforcement officers are heroes who put their lives on the line each day to keep our citizens from harm’s way. National Police Week is a time for us to stop and show our appre-ciation to these heroes for all that they do for our communities. Our law en-forcement officers serve selflessly, fac-ing the many dangers of the job with courage and bravery. Mr. Speaker, I have had the oppor-tunity to ride along with members of the Baldwin County Sheriff’s Office in southwest Alabama. It was an eye- opening experience. At every single traffic stop, the depu-ties had no idea what to expect. Every call was different, but each one came with an inherent risk of the unknown. Despite the uncertainty, the deputies always conducted themselves with re-spect and professionalism. Whether it is a routine traffic stop or responding to a domestic call, these of-ficers have no idea how their encoun-ters will turn out. There is always the risk their interaction on the job can turn hostile and, in some cases, even deadly. National Police Week is also an op-portunity to honor the heroes who have lost their lives while serving our com-munities. In 2017, 136 officers were killed in the line of duty. Already this year, 54 officers have lost their lives while serving our communities. Sadly, one of these deaths occurred in my home State of Alabama earlier this year. Mobile Police Officer Justin Billa paid the ultimate sacrifice when he was shot and killed while responding to a domestic violence call on February 20. At just 27 years old, Officer Billa left behind a loving wife, Erin, and a 1- year-old son, Taylor. In such a time of immense grief, we saw the city of Mobile rally together to support the family and friends of fallen Officer Billa. You see, these officers are much more than enforcers of the law; they are an integral part of the com-munity. Mr. Speaker, I loved seeing the com-munity wrap Officer Billa’s family up in a shield of prayer and love, but we shouldn’t just do that when we lose an officer, and we shouldn’t just do it dur-ing National Police Week. Each and every day, we should show our deep ap-preciation to members of law enforce-ment, at every level, who put their lives on the line so that we can live in safe communities. May we not forget that we get to lay our heads down on our pillows at night feeling safe be-cause of the brave men and women out there patrolling the streets. Mr. Speaker, as we observe National Police Week, I can think of no better way to show appreciation for our men and women in blue than encourage every American to take the time to say ‘‘thank you’’ to your local law enforce-ment officers. May their sacrifices never be forgotten. 
f 
b1030 TINDER FIRE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, Ari-zona’s First Congressional District is home to some of the most beautiful forests in the country, including the Grand Canyon, but paired with the dry conditions and high heat, the First Dis-trict is historically home to some of the worst wildfires in the country. Earlier this month, my constituents in rural Arizona faced off against the Tinder Fire, which spread more than 16,000 acres before being mostly con-tained. It could have been far worse. I rise today to commend the hun-dreds of brave first responders, commu-nity leaders in Arizona and across the West, public safety officials, who worked tirelessly over the past 3 weeks to contain the fire and protect resi-dents and their homes. It was their quick thinking and ex-pert training that prevented this fire from spreading even further and de-stroying hundreds of homes. The fire, which was reported on April 27 by Coconino Forest officials, and be-fore the fire even reached 50 acres on the second day, the decision was made to bring in the Type 1 Southwest Area Incident Management Team to oversee the firefighting efforts and safety ef-forts. This is unheard of for fires of this size, but it turns out that it was the right call. The Type 1 IMT team was able to set up a strong line of defense and get hot-shots and firefighting crews on the ground to save hundreds of homes, ranches, and lives. This was not the only proactive measure that was taken during the early stages of the fire, Mr. Speaker. During my visit to the Type 1 inci-dent command center earlier this month and to the fire site, the team shared with me their work. I have to extend my sincerest gratitude to the Coconino National Forest, Coconino County Sheriff’s Office, and the county staff in their work. They saw the dry conditions in the area, they saw the weather report of high winds coming, and the decision to evacuate residents was made before the fire grew to a significant size. It was made correctly. They made this decision as that fire moved towards large subdivisions, and it was moving at a rate of 3 miles in 1.5 hours. The wind speeds were up to 50 miles an hour. This contributed to one of the smoothest evacuation efforts these teams have ever seen, and it made a difference. It saved lives. My team worked with local county and State officials to deliver informa-tion and resources to those who were evacuated to the centers. In addition to the more than 800 per-sonnel on the ground, I want to thank the communities who stepped up to help from all across the Western United States and from all across Ari-zona. In both Coconino and Navajo Counties, businesses opened up their doors to evacuees and their livestock and their pets, and volunteers signed up to assist at evacuation shelters. It was interesting when I visited the site, the trees were not burned except for underneath. The fire was moving so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:24 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.006 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3985 May 16, 2018 
fast, that the crown fire did not occur, but you could see where the trees were bent and the needles on the tree were all pointing in the direction of the wind. The fire spread out throughout and then hit those homes, and then the homes went up in fire, over 3 dozen homes. Fighting efforts were aided by the work of homeowners. These residents over time had personally cleared fuel, like small trees and underbrush, from their home. They followed fire-wise community planning. Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank all of the brave men and women who worked to contain this fire. I would advise anybody to look into this more to understand the difficult conditions that they have to work in: 18 hours, 19 hours, 20 hours on the line, going back to pup tents to sleep for a few hours, and then going back out into the field to save lives and save homes. Then after this fire, they will move right on to another one. That is, sadly, the condition of our forests in the West. This fire and the prevention of loss of life and death from other destruction was to be accomplished only by profes-sionals who did this in a way that brought honor to their service. 
f 
TENNESSEE FARMER OF THE YEAR, JOHN VERELL, III The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Verell, III, of Madison County, Ten-nessee. Johnny, as he is better known to his friends, was named Farmer of the Year by the University of Tennessee. Johnny is a third generation farmer who began farming in 2005, 40 years after his grandfather started the fam-ily business. Farmers from across the State were nominated for the honor by their coun-ty extension agents. Johnny’s commit-ment to land stewardship, community service, and savvy business tactics stood out among all other nominees. The Verells’ farm is over 5,000 acres of wheat, soybean, and corn. Johnny manages all the land for sustainability, including installing wildlife food plots, planting buffer strips along streams, and using best practices that reduce the amount of fertilizer and pesticides applied to the crops. He has even planted 20 acres des-ignated as pollinator habitat to help native bee populations survive and thrive. With the help of technology and pre-cision agriculture, the Verells have been known to produce in excess of 300 bushels per acre. That is the way things are done in west Tennessee. Congratulations to Johnny, his wife, Crissy, and their daughter, Emmi. MIGHT CANNOT MAKE WRONG RIGHT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, it is always an honor to stand in the well of the House. I consider this an ex-traordinary privilege. Mr. Speaker, there are seminal mo-ments in time, moments in time that can impact the rest of time; seminal moments, sometimes where wrong is placed on the throne, where might is used to justify wrong; seminal mo-ments in time, but, Mr. Speaker, might cannot make wrong right. Might cannot make wrong right; it can only prolong wrong. Seminal moments in time, where might is used to justify wrong. Might did not make slavery right. There were those who used false reli-giosity to try to justify slavery. They had the might, they had the power, they could impose their will, but might will not make wrong right. Might did not make segregation right, to force people to go to separate areas, to use a level of power to impose an indecency upon a people. Might can never make wrong right. Mr. Speaker, might has not made in-vidious discrimination right. It still exists today. No matter how much power we have, we will not make it right simply because we have the power to try to justify it with the might that we have. Finally, Mr. Speaker, might will not make bigotry emanating from the Presidency right. It will not. There are many who want to just let it go, let it go, the bigotry, put it be-hind us. Bigotry emanating from the Presi-dency impacts this country. It gives this country a stained image in the world. The President represents this coun-try. He represents every one of us. We may differ with him, but he is the standard-bearer. The bigotry that ema-nates from the Presidency is something that we all have to concern ourselves with. We can’t just say it is all over with, let’s let that go. Yes, it has happened and it continues to happen, and might will not make it right. He has power, but his power is not going to cause his invidious and harm-ful commentaries to become right. I am here today to simply say this, Mr. Speaker, that while the President has the power, impeachment is the remedy. A President who has said that there were some good people among those in Charlottesville; a President who would ban Muslims from the country; a Presi-dent who has said LGBTQ persons shouldn’t be in the military; a Presi-dent who has called the sons of some professional athletes—called their mother’s dogs, SOBs; a President who has said that in—— The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee). The gentleman will suspend. For what purpose does the gentleman from Pennsylvania seek recognition? Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this type of language is not allowed in the people’s House, directing it towards the Presidency. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, this type of language has been ac-cepted on the floor of this House. Peo-ple address language to the Presi-dency—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. All Members will suspend. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. The gentleman may continue. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, the Presidency is about the people. It is about the people’s House. And the people have a right to address this in-vidious discrimination emanating from the Presidency. I am not going to stand for it. Others may stand for it. You know that there is bigotry ema-nating from the Presidency, yet you would not want me to stand here and address it. I will address it. This President has exhibited a kind of bigotry that this country ought not tolerate. When he said that there were some s- --hole countries as he was addressing his immigration policy, he was putting his bigotry into policy. And that is something we all should concern our-selves with, the fact that the Presi-dent’s policies are based upon his big-otry. Impeachment is the remedy. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
AMERICAN SUGAR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the American farmer. Mr. Speaker, will this body recognize the heritage and culture, the sacrifice of American farmers, who for genera-tions have provided for our country and our world. I rise today in support of one of America’s most important agricultural commodities that supports an industry which produces $20 billion of domestic economic activity annually: sugar. I have the honor of representing southwest Louisiana, where sugar con-tributes $3.5 billion to our State econ-omy annually and employs over 16,000 hardworking Louisiana citizens. Mr. Speaker, these men and women have come into their lives embracing the heritage and hard work of their mothers, their fathers, their grand-mothers, their grandfathers. For gen-erations, by the toil of their labor and the sweat of their brow, they have tilled the soil and raised sugar. The United States has historically been a reliable supplier of high-quality, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:24 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.008 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3986 May 16, 2018 
low-cost sugar that is used by con-sumers domestically and internation-ally. In fact, Americans on average spend over 20 percent less for sugar than consumers in other nations, and manufacturers pay roughly the same price for American sugar that they did in the 1980s. American sugar growers last year produced 32,000 tons of sugar, 13,800 tons of which came from south Lou-isiana. While sugar prices have remained flat for the past three decades, the cost of farming has not, as equipment, fuel, and fertilizer costs have all risen be-tween 90 percent to 200 percent in that same timeframe. b1045 We must protect the future of Amer-ican sugar and American sugar farm-ers, American sugar farm families. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support American farmers and pass H.R. 2, the Agricultural and Nutrition Act of 2018, as amended, by the House Committee on Agriculture. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF CAPTAIN TIMOTHY A. TOBIASZ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement and many distinguished accomplishments of Captain Timothy A. Tobiasz, Com-manding Officer of the United States Coast Guard Air Station Cape Cod, Massachusetts. Captain Tobiasz has honorably served our country with over 32 years of Ac-tive-Duty military service. His career began in the U.S. Army as a Black Hawk assault pilot, where he served in the 9th Cavalry Brigade, 9th Infantry Division ‘‘Old Reliables’’ at Fort Lewis, Washington. In 1991, he was accepted to the United States Coast Guard’s Officer Candidate School, commissioning as an ensign in 1992. From there, he quickly rose to the rank of captain, and during his 32-year military career, Captain Tobiasz amassed over 7,000 flight hours and qualified in nine different aircraft, to include the MH–60 Jayhawk, MH–90 Hornet, HC–130 Hercules, MH–65 Dol-phin, and the HC–144 Ocean Sentry. He served at Coast Guard Air Sta-tions Clearwater, Florida; San Diego, California; HITRON–10 Kodiak, Alaska; New Orleans, Louisiana; Savannah, Georgia; and Cape Cod, Massachusetts; and as the commanding officer of two bases. In addition to his remarkable avia-tion career, Captain Tobiasz served in the U.S. Senate as a military liaison officer, as a budget and program re-viewer at U.S. Coast Guard head-quarters, a senior military adviser to the U.S. Northern Command/NORAD combatant commander, and a National Security Fellow at the Harvard Univer-sity’s John F. Kennedy School of Gov-ernment. Of his many outstanding achieve-ments during his storied career, I would like to highlight three. In 1999, then-Lieutenant Tobiasz was one of only six pilots selected to pio-neer Helicopter Interdiction Squadron 10. This successful concept led to one of the most significant policy changes in Coast Guard aviation history through the development of the aviation use of force policy and establishment of a per-manent command in Jacksonville, Florida, now responsible for armed counterdrug operations around the en-tire globe. In 2005, while serving as the oper-ations officer at Coast Guard Air Sta-tion New Orleans, Lieutenant Com-mander Tobiasz led rescue operations during and immediately after Hurri-cane Katrina ravaged the Gulf Coast, and in a 10-day period, aircrews under his leadership saved over 1,400 lives. Most recently and just last year, Captain Tobiasz was called upon again to lead air rescue operations following landfall of Hurricane Harvey over Texas and Louisiana. Thanks in great part to his extraordinary coordination and unflappable judgment, he strategi-cally directed 53 aircraft and 415 avia-tion personnel for 21 different units, saving lives of over 1,700 civilians. Mr. Speaker, I join a very grateful Nation in thanking Captain Timothy Tobiasz and his family for their service and sacrifice, and wish them the abso-lute very best in their next careers. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM ‘‘DON’’ THOMAS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
IG-
GINS of Louisiana). The Chair recog-nizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this morning, I would like to recognize one of my constituents in Pennsylvania’s Third Congressional District, Mr. William ‘‘Don’’ Thomas, who will make history this evening when he becomes the oldest student to ever graduate from Butler County Community College, also known as BC3. Mr. Thomas began taking classes at BC3 in the fall of 2010, and this evening, at 80 years old, he will proudly receive an associate of arts degree in history. Furthermore, Mr. Thomas also rep-resents the most senior graduate in the class of 2018 among our State’s four other western institutions within the Pennsylvania Commission for Commu-nity Colleges. Now, you have got to know some-thing about Mr. Thomas. He is an Air Force veteran who honorably served our country as an Airman Second Class with the 17th Squadron. I want you to think about something. This man, while serving in France from 1956 to 1959, enrolled in classes provided by the University of Maryland held outside the northeastern French town where he was stationed, and while there, he earned 28 credits. All these years later, following a suc-cessful life and career, Mr. Thomas de-cided to enroll at BC3 in order to finish the degree he started in 1956. Mr. Thomas credits much of his aca-demic success to BC3, which has been rated the top community college in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in back-to-back surveys. BC3 president, Dr. Nick Neupauer, is beyond proud of Mr. Thomas and be-lieves his accomplishment is symbolic for the entire community college. Now, additionally, Don Thomas re-ceives an abundance of love and sup-port and encouragement from his be-loved wife, Nancy; their six children; their eight grandchildren; and their four great grandchildren. Can you imagine tonight’s gradua-tion ceremony when he stands there with all those people and receives his degree? Now, Mr. Thomas was not a tradi-tional college student. He inevitably faced obstacles along the way, but re-gardless of the circumstances, he never abandoned his goal of earning his de-gree. Mr. Thomas reminds all of us that, with faith, hard work, and determina-tion, anything is possible. Mr. Thomas embodies the spirit of a lifelong learner and is a living testament to the saying: ‘‘If there is a will, there is a way.’’ His unwavering dedication, passion, and perseverance in pursuit of his dream is not only inspiring and amaz-ing, it is quintessentially American. It is who we are as the American people. Mr. Speaker, I am so blessed to be able to stand on the floor of the peo-ple’s House today and congratulate Mr. Thomas on a job well done and count him as one of our district’s finest con-stituents. Mr. Speaker, I say to Mr. Thomas: Happy graduation day. Happy gradua-tion day. 
f 
MOTHER’S DAY, GRADUATIONS, DREAMERS, AND PUBLIC HOUSING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, thank you for the opportunity to begin discussion on the floor for issues that, I think, against the backdrop of Moth-er’s Day, the desire to be family friend-ly in this Nation, and really to answer the question of Americans: Can our government do well by them? So I raise to the body how we can be more constructive, and I do it on the basis, as we all do, when we go home and interact with our constituents, and so I did as I went home this past week-end a couple of days in the midst of the exciting graduations that we all had a chance to go to and to make remarks, and I want to congratulate those stu-dents that I had the privilege of being and speaking at their graduations, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:24 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.009 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3987 May 16, 2018 
Historically Black College Texas Southern University, the Lone Star Community College, what an amazing group of graduates. There were large numbers of people who are adults and veterans, and students who were what we call early college graduating. And then, of course, to the system, the Houston Community College, I spoke there. It looks like I was going to gradua-tions and celebrating with their fami-lies. That was good. Mr. Speaker, they were diverse, all backgrounds, religions. That is what Houston is all about. At the same time, I visited with and had a press conference with a collec-tive body of humanitarians, Sister Rogers, a Catholic Sister, and many others, about the unfortunate cir-cumstances of where we are with the Dreamers and why we haven’t ad-dressed that question and why would Dreamers, who need to be statused, who are lawyers and doctors, and some are serving in public service—we had a paramedic standing with us—why we can’t get them statused. Why can’t the Nation do what is right? Why can’t the President stand up and work with us and sign the bill? And then I indicated that I am going to introduce the restatusing of TPS statused persons, some who have been here for 20 years with mortgages and people in college, young people in col-lege, and to status them for 2 years to allow the Congress to fix it and that their status be tied to the laws and re-quirements that they be in sync with those who would get citizenship so they would not be, if you will, awry of the law, that they would be in step with the law, as most of these families are from El Salvador, Honduras, and Haiti, and beyond. And then I went to stand with moth-ers at public housing and indicated to them that it is long overdue in all of our communities that we introduce an infrastructure bill of $150 billion to fix our public housing. Because as I was standing with these mothers at Cuney Homes, their air conditioning was out. But we stood there the day before Mother’s Day to salute them and say they deserve to live in quality housing. They are raising their children. Some of their children go off to the United States military. Finally, I think it is important to ac-knowledge, Mr. Speaker, maybe this is a confused statement by the adminis-tration, but I have to speak against, and these are my friends, we want to work internationally—I was here for the permanent trade agreement that was done with China—but it is impor-tant to know that our economy is based on innovation. Why would the administration support the Chinese firm of ZTE that our intelligence com-munity has taken note that they have interfered with our innovation and our technology and suggest that he wants the Chinese workers to have their jobs again? I certainly want the best for any country, but I do know it is important to restore the jobs of the American people, and there are many call center American companies that would make a great infusion of energy and dollars in various communities across the Na-tion. It is important to note that the House Intelligence Committee report of 2012 indicated and concluded that ZTE cannot be trusted to be free of for-eign state influence and thus poses a security threat to the United States and our systems. Well, it is odd that this President, who has put extensive sanctions on Iran and North Korea, is now willing to overlook a House Intelligence report indicating, of course, that ZTE cannot be trusted. So I started, Mr. Speaker, by con-gratulating my graduates, but I indi-cated throughout that I am baffled by these policies of the administration, but I do say that I have a faith in this institution, and I ask my colleagues: Stand with me on the restoration of a 2-year status for TPS so we can get it right. Let us not separate mothers from their children in the immigration structure, and let’s pass a Dreamers bill, and let’s work to introduce fund-ing for our public housing that exists and that mothers are living in across America. Mr. Speaker, your kindness is appre-ciated. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 59 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Dr. Ted Kitchens, Christ Chapel Bible Church, Fort Worth, Texas, offered the following prayer: Father, we praise You for allowing us to be the land of the free and the home of the brave. We embrace the truth that we are all created in Your image. We all have value and purpose in this life and in this country because of Your love for us. Your Word says: The foundation of prosperity is righteousness and that ‘‘when righteousness increases, the people prosper and rejoice.’’ Would You cause personal and national righteous-ness to be our banner and our vision, that we might know your good favor across our great country. Father, this House has business to do for ‘‘we the people’’ today, and I pray that all transactions that take place in these halls today would be made with spiritual wisdom resulting in the best for all. I pray in the name of the giver of all grace and good favor, Jesus. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CICILLINE led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 64TH ANNIVER-SARY OF BROWN V. BOARD OF EDUCATION (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to stand before you to recognize the 64th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s landmark decision in Brown v. Board of Education. Because of the re-lentless courage of Linda Brown, her parents, and civil rights leaders, the abhorrent segregationist policy of ‘‘separate but equal’’ education came to an end. As a result, millions of children were afforded the educational opportunities they deserve and their rightful shot at a successful life. Mr. Speaker, as an educator, as a lifelong learner, as chair of the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force, I believe with all my heart that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.011 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3988 May 16, 2018 
education is the key to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Sixty-four years ago, the end of legal segregation in public schools recog-nized that inherent value as well. I honor the courage of those students who brought about that change. 
f 
FIXING AMERICA’S INFRASTRUCTURE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, Ameri-cans depend on good roads and bridges to get to work every day and to take care of their families. Good infrastruc-ture drives our economy. Americans depend on water systems to provide clean and safe drinkable water. But in this country, we have failed to make the necessary invest-ments in water infrastructure, in roads and bridges, in essential infrastructure that is important to drive our econ-omy. I will work with anyone on any side of the question on both sides of the aisle to make sure that we invest in America’s infrastructure. It is what we need to do to grow our economy, but, unfortunately, what the President has suggested really puts the burden on State and local governments, commu-nities like the ones I represent. My own hometown of Flint, for example, if they had the money to put into their water system to prevent the disaster that occurred, they long ago would have done this. We need—our commu-nities need a strong Federal partner. And the Democrats, we offer A Better Deal. We have a plan to rebuild Amer-ica’s infrastructure. This is what the Congress ought to be doing. We ought not wait for the President to offer his suggestion. We should do the work our-selves. It is long overdue. 
f 
IN HONOR OF NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to welcome all the law en-forcement officers and their families who have come here to Washington in honor of National Police Week. You know, there is a saying in the law en-forcement community: ‘‘In this family, nobody fights alone.’’ When an officer goes down, the whole force feels the loss and carries that burden. It is so moving to see that spir-it of solidarity right here in Wash-ington on display this week. This year, the names of 360 fallen officers have been added to our National Law En-forcement Officers Memorial, including four from the State of Wisconsin. One of them is Detective Jason Weiland of the Everest Metropolitan Police Department. He was shot and killed in the line of duty last March. His daughter Anna, 10 years old, spoke at his memorial service. She said: ‘‘All of the amazing people in the world will always outnumber the criminals.’’ Those words resonated so much that Anna’s teacher helped her start a group called Be Amazing. They honor her dad’s memory by doing community service projects. Now, how inspiring is that? Another Wisconsin story I want to share is that of Officer Brian Murphy of the Ashwaubenon Police Depart-ment. Last July, Officer Murphy was hit by a drunk driver on Interstate 41. He sustained a number of life-threat-ening injuries. Yet, just weeks later, he left the hospital able to stand on his own, surrounded by his family and fel-low officers. It probably comes as no surprise to you to hear that he is back on the job. This week, Officer Murphy said that the decision to return to work was not difficult at all. It is about a ‘‘good sense of purpose,’’ he said. We have seen this resilience and this devotion of duty right here in the United States Capitol. I don’t think I will ever tire of seeing Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner back at their posts. As Speaker, I have had the chance to work very closely with the dedicated professionals at the U.S. Capitol Po-lice. It has been an incredible honor—it truly has. Mr. Speaker, I know this is a very challenging time for law enforcement. If there is one thing that we have come to recognize, it is that we must not take any of this for granted—whether it is the dangers of the men and women who wear the uniform and wear the badge face, or the sacrifices that their families make, all the long nights, all the holidays that they do not get to spend together. We must not take any of it for granted. It is where our safety comes from each and every single day. We should consider it a privilege to serve those who serve and protect us. To all the cops on the beat and to all your loved ones: You do not fight alone. We are with you. We are behind you always, every day. Thank you, and God bless you. 
f 
REFORM THE PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, when it comes to affordable healthcare and pre-scription drugs, President Trump and the Republicans are forcing the Amer-ican people to swallow a raw deal. They have voted to dismantle protec-tions for preexisting conditions. They have voted to raise out-of-pocket ex-penses. They have voted to take away health coverage from 23 million Ameri-cans. And they gave billions of dollars in tax breaks to pharmaceutical com-panies and other healthcare organiza-tions. Last week, President Trump out-lined his plan to further line the pock-ets of big drug companies and their CEOs. Democrats have A Better Deal. Our plan will fundamentally reform the pharmaceutical industry, will put gov-ernment on the side of consumers and middle class families—not giant cor-porations—by cracking down on out-rageous prescription drug price in-creases, allowing Medicare to negotiate lower prices for drugs, and requiring drug manufacturers to publicly release hard data justifying any significant price increase. This is the kind of deal the American people deserve: A Better Deal that will produce higher wages, lower costs, and the tools to succeed in the 21st cen-tury—not the raw deal that the Presi-dent and the Republicans are offering on prescription drugs. f 
AMBASSADOR HALEY SPEAKS AT U.N. SECURITY COUNCIL (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, at an emergency session of the U.N. Security Council, Ambassador Nikki Haley spoke truth-fully about the horrific Hamas ter-rorist attacks in Gaza over many years by tunnel and firebombs using human shields financed by Iran. Ambassador Haley explained, as our President said: ‘‘The location of our Embassy has no bearing on the specific boundaries of Israeli sovereignty in Je-rusalem or the resolution of contested borders. . . . It does not undermine the prospects for peace in any way.’’ ‘‘But let’s remember that the Hamas terrorist organization has been inciting violence for years, long before the United States decided to move our Em-bassy,’’ Ambassador Haley said. ‘‘This is what is endangering the people of Gaza. Make no mistake: Hamas is pleased with the results of yesterday.’’ The real story I saw in The Jeru-salem Post is ‘‘Promises Made, Prom-ises Kept,’’ not the fake news of Hamas sympathizers. In addition, last night, at the Wil-lard, I was grateful to attend the Inter-national Republican Institute dinner led by President Daniel Twining where Ambassador Nikki Haley was honored with Secretary James Mattis to receive the Freedom Award. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
RETURN TO DISCUSSION ON THE FARM BILL (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the farm bill and the Republican major-ity’s scorched earth and irresponsible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.014 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3989 May 16, 2018 
approach to a historically bipartisan bill. Throughout this Congress, the Re-publican majority has cast aside bipar-tisan efforts by keeping Democrats out of negotiations. The farm bill is no dif-ferent. From sabotaging the Affordable Care Act to giving wealthy families and cor-porations a tax break at the cost of hardworking families, to make deep cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition As-sistance Program, SNAP, this bill is on a dangerous path. We need to return to bipartisan discussion that made the farm bill a win-win for both urban and rural communities. If this bipartisan bill becomes law, roughly 265,000 low-income children will lose access to free school meals, and more than 1 million Americans will no longer receive a benefit they rely on to buy food. We can do better because America’s farmers and chil-dren deserve better. We have a farm bill every 5 years. Is it worth kicking children and families off SNAP? No, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National Police Week to honor the heroes who dedicate their lives to keep our communities safe and secure. Montana’s courageous law enforce-ment officers are the epitome of self-less public service. Yesterday marked the 37th annual National Peace Offi-cers’ Memorial Service. It is only fit-ting that I honor one of Montana’s fall-en heroes. One year ago today, Broadwater County sheriff’s deputy, Mason Moore, made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty. A routine traffic stop turned into a pursuit of two violent suspects who callously took Deputy Moore’s life. Deputy Moore was a dedicated hus-band and father of three, including twin teenage boys. His sacrifice to keep his community safe will not be forgot-ten. Today, Mr. Speaker, I honor the law enforcement community in Montana during National Police Week for their dedication, service, and sacrifice. I am grateful for those in uniform who serve and protect our communities and pray for their safety. 
f 
b1215 GLOBAL ENGAGEMENT CENTER (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, every week, we seem to learn more about the sophisticated network of social media bots and online ads used by Russia to spread disinformation during the 2016 election. But, as we approach our next election, the Trump administration re-fuses to see the very real threats or take the very necessary actions. Earlier this year, we learned the of-fice tasked with countering foreign propaganda, the Global Engagement Center, the GEC, at the State Depart-ment had not deployed any of the $120 million it had been allocated to counter Russian information warfare, nor had it recruited a single analyst who speaks Russian. Mr. Speaker, the administration needs to take this threat seriously and act with appropriate urgency. That is why I have introduced legislation with my colleague, TEDLIEU, to clarify re-sponsibilities for the GEC, expand its hiring authorities, and establish stronger congressional oversight. The GEC has a crucial role to play, under-standing, exposing, and countering for-eign propaganda and disinformation ef-forts. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us on this legislation to ensure we are better prepared to counter all ef-forts to interfere in our electoral proc-ess. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today during National Police Week to remember all members of law enforcement who have given their lives to protect and serve others. The National Law Enforcement Offi-cers Memorial here in Washington, D.C., displays the names of law en-forcement officers who have fallen in the line of duty, dating back to 1791. One of the names added this year was Lieutenant Aaron Allan of the Southport Police Department, the first police officer from the Department to be killed in the line of duty. When re-sponding to an overturned vehicle last summer, Lieutenant Allan was shot and killed by the driver of the vehicle he was trying to assist. Sadly, we already know an officer who will also be listed in the memorial next year with Lieutenant Allan’s name: Boone County Sheriff’s Deputy Jacob Pickett. Last night, I joined members of the Indiana Concerns of Police Survivors, COPS, who are the spouses, children, and parents of fallen police officers. These people selflessly work to provide resources to people like them: families who have also experienced the pain of losing their loved ones in the line of duty. These volunteers help people cope with tragedy and loss and are in-credibly strong and inspiring members of our communities. Today, may we honor the valor and commitment of our fallen heroes and support those who are missing their loved ones. CUTS TO SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (Mr. BUTTERFIELD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, 41 million Americans and over 1 million North Carolinians’ ability to put food on the table hangs in the balance this week, as House Republicans push to pass their farm bill with over $23 bil-lion in cuts to the SNAP program. These cuts, Mr. Speaker, quite frankly, could mean food taken off of the table of hungry children—that is no exag-geration—seniors, and veterans. Despite these benefits averaging only $1.40 per person per meal, this program is a lifeline for tens of millions of Americans. It serves as an effective tool for ensuring long-term health and well-being, especially for vulnerable children. The farm bill, as it is currently writ-ten, includes detrimental changes to SNAP that would make it harder for many people to remain in the program. Over 400,000 households nationwide, and at least 133,000 individuals in North Carolina, would lose SNAP benefits if this legislation becomes law. Even more disturbing is that my Re-publican colleagues understand what these cuts would do but remain unfazed in their assault on these families. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 2: too bad, too long for our children. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CENTRO MATER CHILD CARE SERVICES (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Centro Mater on celebrating its 50th anniver-sary this year. This outstanding organization was founded by Mother Margarita Miranda Otero in 1968, with the goal of pro-viding greatly needed childcare serv-ices to newly exiled Cuban families in Miami. Mother Otero succeeded and, over the next five decades, Centro Mater has grown and expanded its mis-sion to provide quality healthcare and services to disadvantaged children of all backgrounds. With centers in Little Havana and Hialeah, Centro Mater offers a positive and nurturing environment for over 1,200 underprivileged children. Centro Mater’s staff also offers enriching and educational social programs for the parents of the students, such as English classes and training work-shops. These life-changing services em-power children and their families with-in our greater Miami community. Mr. Speaker, I would like to con-gratulate everyone involved at Centro Mater for all that they have accom-plished in the past 50 years, and I thank them for improving the lives of so many in my congressional district. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.015 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3990 May 16, 2018 
REPRESENTING ARIZONA’S EIGHTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT (Mrs. LESKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank you and the Members of this dis-tinguished body for welcoming me. Representing the people of Arizona’s Eighth Congressional District is truly an honor, and I am eager to work with you all to ensure that we accomplish what my constituents sent me here to do: secure our borders, strengthen our military, and create a strong economy. Earlier today, I met with Mike and Colleen Sutter from my district. Mike and Colleen have been small-business owners for over 27 years in Arizona. Due to the recent tax cut package, Mike and Colleen were able to give across-the-board pay increases and bo-nuses to their employees, including a $3 an hour increase for hourly employ-ees. The tax cuts have meant real dol-lars getting into the pockets of Ameri-cans and small businesses. 
f 
PUERTO RICO’S POWER MISSION (Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, today I ask that Federal support for Puerto Rico power restoration must continue until full completion. We still have 20,000 homes without service on the island. Last weekend, Representative L
AMALFA and I were visiting one of the towns in Yabucoa. People are still without power on the island, and this Friday, May 18, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and FEMA are going to be leaving the island. That is the reason that the current electrical restoration mission through FEMA and the Army Corps of Engi-neers must continue, and the contracts under it, without that expiration date. That is the reason the alarming situa-tion we are still living, just 16 days away from the next hurricane season, must be stopped. I request FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers to extend the mission so crews can remain on the job full-time until all areas are restored. This is an urgent situation on the island, and I request that FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers deal with it. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of National Police Week. Tens of thou-sands of law enforcement officers from across the country are in Washington in honor of National Police Week. Established by joint resolution of Congress in 1962, National Police Week pays special recognition to those law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty for the safety and the protection of others. National Police Week is a collabo-rative effort of many organizations dedicated to honoring America’s law enforcement community. It is also a time where we pause to remember offi-cers who have made the ultimate sac-rifice and lost their lives in the line of duty protecting and serving others. This week honors the men and women in blue who gave everything to protect their country and their com-munities. Our officers put on their uni-form each day knowing that they can be in harm’s way at any moment. Mr. Speaker, I say thank you to all of our officers who answer the call to serve, and I wish each and every officer a happy National Police Week. f 
NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, in addi-tion to National Police Week, it is also National Infrastructure Week. Currently, much of our Nation’s in-frastructure is in disrepair. Dilapidated roads, crumbling bridges, and battered levees and dams litter the country from coast to coast. In large rural areas like my district in northern California, the infrastruc-ture gap is even more exaggerated, where funding is even more difficult to come by, as it is in all rural areas of the U.S. We have to stretch every dol-lar as far as possible. It is not enough to simply put more money into the sys-tem, but to make those dollars more effective. Currently, local counties must jump through multiple, duplicative regu-latory hoops from both the State and Federal Government. That only wastes time and money, and it makes no sense. We have seen that local agencies have proven to be far more effective than their Federal counterparts. That is why we have to streamline the per-mitting process to allow States more authority to conduct environmental re-views on their own and reduce the reg-ulatory burden. The President’s MOU to have ‘‘one Federal decision’’ policy, one-stop shopping, and, indeed, one lead agency will streamline that vastly and help us get our highways done and our levee projects, multiple things that need to be done to make us safer and more eco-nomically sound—basic bipartisan re-forms that will make sense for the American people in a timely manner. RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ISSA) laid before the House the fol-lowing resignation as a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 16, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN: Due to my election to the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, this letter is to inform you of my resignation from the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. Sincerely, J
IMBANKS , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
RESIGNATIONS AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SE-CURITY AND COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tions as a member of the Committee on Homeland Security and Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 16, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN: Due to my election to the House Committee on Appropriations, I write to inform you that I resign my seats on the House Committee on Homeland Security and Committee on Veterans Affairs. Sincerely, J
OHNH. R UTHERFORD , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignations are accept-ed. There was no objection. 
f 
RESIGNATIONS AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AF-FAIRS AND COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tions as a member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and Committee on Armed Services: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 16, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Due to my appoint-ment to the Committee on Ways and Means, I hereby resign my seats on the House Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs and the House Committee on Armed Services. I want to thank you for the honor and the opportunity to serve on Ways and Means. Let me also take this opportunity express my appreciation for the opportunity to serve on the Veterans Affairs’ Committee and the Armed Services Committee. It has been an honor to serve those committees, to work on behalf of our nation’s veterans and our men 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.018 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3991 May 16, 2018 
and women in uniform, and to serve under two able chairmen, Chairman Roe and Chair-man Thornberry. Please know that although I am departing these committees, I’m not leaving in mind and spirit and will be always want and be willing to contribute to their and the House’s efforts on behalf of our vet-erans and troops. Thank you again for this opportunity to serve our nation in a new capacity, and please let me know what I can do to make sure the transition is a seamless one. Sincerely, B
RADWENSTRUP , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignations are accept-ed. There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the House Republican Con-ference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 897 Resolved, That the following named Mem-bers be, and are hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS : Mr. Ruth- erford. C
OMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORK-
FORCE : Mr. Banks of Indiana. C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY : Mrs. Lesko. C
OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECH-
NOLOGY : Mr. Palmer, to rank immediately after Mr. Abraham; and Mrs. Lesko. C
OMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRA -
STRUCTURE : Mr. Gallagher. C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ A FFAIRS : Mr. Mast. C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS : Mr. Wenstrup. 
Mr. WOODALL (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5698, PROTECT AND SERVE ACT OF 2018; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 2372, VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2, AGRICULTURE AND NU-TRITION ACT OF 2018 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 891 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 891 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 5698) to amend title 18, United States Code, to punish criminal of-fenses targeting law enforcement officers, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary; (2) the further amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, if offered by the Member des-ignated in the report, which shall be in order without intervention of any point of order, shall be considered as read, shall be sepa-rately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion; and (3) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. SEC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (S. 2372) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of H.R. 5674 as reported by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, as modified by the amendment printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, shall be con-sidered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs; and (2) one motion to re-commit with or without instructions. S
EC. 3. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Agriculture. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Agriculture now printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment pursuant to this resolution, the Committee of the Whole shall rise without motion. No further consideration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. b1230 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to section 426 of the Congressional Budget and Empowerment Control Act of 1974, I make a point of order against consideration of the rule, House Reso-lution 891. Section 426 of the Budget Act specifi-cally states that the Rules Committee may not waive the point of order pre-scribed by section 425 of that same act. Section 3 of House Resolution 891 states that: ‘‘All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived.’’ Therefore, I make a point of order pursuant to section 426 of the Congressional Budget Act that this rule may not be considered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts makes a point of order that the resolution vio-lates section 426(a) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974. The gentleman has met the threshold burden under the rule, and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts and a Member opposed each will control 10 minutes of debate on the question of consideration. Following debate, the Chair will put the question of consider-ation as the statutory means of dis-posing of the point of order. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, it was a Republican bill passed in a Re-publican Congress, but this act was supposed to stop Congress from passing bills that forced huge new costs on State and local governments without giving them the money to pay for those costs. Well, apparently it didn’t work, be-cause the farm bill, which is part of this rule, would impose massive new mandates on State and local govern-ments in the Republican majority’s quest to kick families off of SNAP. For anyone unfamiliar, that is the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, which helps to feed millions of struggling American families every day. But one provision in the farm bill would force States to deny SNAP bene-fits to families with an absent parent unless those households cooperate with child support enforcement agencies. According to the CBO, that is the Congressional Budget Office, it is a nonpartisan group of experts that ana-lyze this stuff. This additional burden on single-parent families would save 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.006 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3992 May 16, 2018 
the Federal Government $4 billion, but my Republican colleagues don’t seem to have thought this through, because it would cost child support agencies over $7 billion to recoup those child support payments. So they are spend-ing $7 billion to recoup $4 billion. CBO, that is the group of nonpartisan experts, says that the cost to States, who have no say in this matter, would be over $1 billion. Now, I don’t know who wrote this provision, since it sure didn’t come out of the Agriculture Committee or the hearings that we conducted, but who-ever it was, they really need to work on their basic arithmetic skills. When you spend $7 billion to recoup $4 billion, that is what I call a terrible idea, not legislating. Now, another unfunded mandate would require States to offer employ-ment and training services to SNAP re-cipients as part of the bill’s dev-astating new work requirements. But according to CBO, again, these are the nonpartisan experts, the bill won’t pro-vide States with enough funds to im-plement those training programs. So not only are Republicans heart-lessly kicking 1 million Americans off of SNAP with these additional burdens, but they also are not providing States with enough money for training pro-grams so that these people can find jobs and get their benefits back. I mean, you seriously can’t make this stuff up. CBO, again, the Congressional Budg-et Office, those nonpartisan experts, re-ported yet another intergovernmental mandate that would prevent commu-nities from restricting the use of dan-gerous pesticides, even if they deter-mine the restrictions are necessary to protect children’s health, like stopping harmful insecticides from being sprayed near schools or hospitals. This bill also requires that every State allow the sale of all legal agri-cultural products from other States, preempting States’ food safety and en-vironmental standards. Now, you heard me right. The Repub-licans are preventing local commu-nities from protecting their children from toxic chemicals and forcing States to allow products that break laws meant to protect the health and safety of their own citizens. Now, Mr. Speaker, I thought the Re-publicans were supposed to be all about States’ rights. The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act was a Republican bill, as I mentioned. What about the rules of this institu-tion? It is actually against House rules, believe it or not, to bring a bill to the floor that imposes unfunded mandates on State and local governments. Not a problem, Mr. Speaker. The Re-publican-controlled Rules Committee, or as I like to call it, the ‘‘Break the Rules’’ Committee, waived that rule and gave this disastrous farm bill a get-out-of-jail-free card. But it turns out that waiving the un-funded mandates rule is also against the rules of the House. That is right. Republicans, once the party of States’ rights, are rigging the rules and ignor-ing the law so that they can pass this disastrous bill. So here is a moment, I think, where liberals and conservatives can come to-gether, where all my Republican friends who oppose unfunded mandates can join with many of us on the Demo-cratic side and actually do something. This is your chance to prove it and to stand up and to be counted. Don’t let the Rules Committee run roughshod over your values in the name of passing this lousy bill. Or maybe unfunded mandates on State and local governments are actually fine with my conservative friends just so long as they are imposed on a proc-ess that takes SNAP benefits away from millions of people. As I find myself saying far too often these days, a bad process produces bad policy. And this farm bill is a bad pol-icy, plain and simple. It is not thought out. It is a bunch of unfunded man-dates. It is a disaster. It is bad for the millions of working families, children, older adults, and other vulnerable Americans who will be kicked off of SNAP or see their ben-efits reduced. It is bad for farmers and ranchers, who are already suffering from low prices, low overhead, and market uncertainty, not to mention a new trade war, courtesy of Donald Trump. It is bad for State and local governments, who will have massive unpaid-for costs despite having no input whatsoever on the drafting of this bill. So let’s send it back to the drawing table so we can sit down in a bipartisan way, in the bipartisan tradition of the Agriculture Committee, and come up with smart, compassionate, forward- thinking legislation instead of this. So I ask my colleagues to join with us in a bipartisan way against consid-ering this rule, which ignores the costs this bill imposes on State and local governments, in violation of the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act. If you believe unfunded mandates are wrong, then you shouldn’t support this rule. I mean, where are my conserv-ative friends? Where is the Freedom Caucus, who rail about unfunded man-dates? Where are you? I mean, I hope you are going to stand up and have the courage of your convictions and vote with us on this and send this bill back to committee, where we ought to do a farm bill in a bipartisan and a thought-ful way. This process has been lousy from the beginning, and now we have a bill that has all kinds of protections, because there are all kinds of unfunded man-dates on our States. Wait till your governors begin to read the fine print in this farm bill, wait till your local agencies read the fine print in this farm bill. So if you are for unfunded mandates, then vote against what I am suggesting here today. But if you want to put an end to these unfunded mandates, then you need to take a stand. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition to the point of order and in favor of consideration of the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 10 minutes. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I don’t claim to know as much about the farm bill as my friend from Massachusetts does. He has the privilege of representing his con-stituents both on the Rules Committee and on the Ag Committee. I represent my constituents on the Rules Committee and on the Budget Committee. I work with CBO day in and day out, as my colleague knows. CBO is absolutely charged with being the nonpartisan scorekeeper in all of these budgetary matters. But as the gentleman recalls, having worked for a former member of the Rules Com-mittee himself, when Republicans passed and President Clinton signed the unfunded mandates point of order, it was designed with one goal and one goal only in mind, and that was to make sure that when Congress acts, it considers the impacts of folks back home. It considers whether or not it is shirking a responsibility in Wash-ington and shifting that responsibility to State and local governments back home. I will tell you with certainty, Mr. Speaker, that not a single Member on this side of the aisle has wavered in that commitment from when this bill passed in 1995 until today. What my friend from Massachusetts references are programs that are im-plemented by the States in order to re-ceive a Federal benefit. We see this happen all the time, day in and day out. You get all the transportation money that you want, but you need to alter your speed limit if you want to receive that transportation money. You can get all the transportation money you want, but you need to deal with your drinking age if you want to get that money. What we are talking about today at its core, Mr. Speaker, is whether or not, at a time when we have the lowest unemployment rate in my lifetime, at a time when we have more jobs avail-able to be filled in America than ever before in American history, whether it is a burden to say if you want to re-ceive a Federal benefit, that being food stamps, that you should try to find a job first. If you can’t find that job, we should get you enrolled in a job train-ing program so that you can find the job. At the end of the day, the farm bill aims to do two things with the SNAP program: number one, is continue to provide a safety net for families in need. But number two, to make sure it remains that net and tries to lift folks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.024 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3993 May 16, 2018 
out of poverty instead of trap them in poverty for generations to come. Mr. Speaker, this unfunded mandates point of order, I was in Congress at the time that it passed, has been a speed bump, a needed speed bump in the con-sideration of legislation time and time again. Now, sadly, more often than not, we see it as a dilatory tactic on the House floor. We see it raised as something just to try to slow down the process and gum up the works. That is not what is happening here today. I want to stipulate that that is true. My friend from Massachusetts raises a legitimate concern, but what I would say to my colleagues is this is a task, an obligation that has been placed on the States in consideration of receiving a Federal benefit. Folks are not man-dated to do anything at all, but if we are to participate in the program, if folks are to continue to work through the program, if we are to get people back to work, if we are to provide this safety net, if we are to succeed on be-half of our constituents, as we all want to do, then we are going to have a part-nership between the Federal Govern-ment and the State governments to make that happen. b1245 Again, I respect my friend from Mas-sachusetts, Mr. Speaker. He is an au-thority on the farm bill and an author-ity on the SNAP program. But as far as the unfunded mandates point of order goes, I would encourage my colleagues to reject that request today and to vote in favor of proceeding with consid-eration of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 3 min-utes remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage my colleague and anybody else to do something radical: actually read the CBO study. Basically, what it says here is that the bill would impose intergovern-mental mandates by amending SNAP eligibility requirements, placing new responsibilities on States as adminis-trators of child support enforcement, and requiring new State activities in the SNAP program. For large entitlement programs like SNAP and child support enforcement, UMRA defines an increase in the strin-gency of conditions on States and lo-calities as an intergovernmental man-date if affected governments lack au-thority to offset those costs while con-tinuing to provide required services. The bill’s requirements would increase the workload of State agencies in areas where they have limited flexibility to amend their responsibilities and offset additional costs and, thus, would be intergovernmental mandates. In other words, on a whole range of issues, this bill requires States to do so much more, and the Federal Govern-ment does not provide the funding to meet those obligations. So if States want to provide SNAP benefits to their citizens, which I think every State con-tinues to want to do, they are going to have to embrace all these unfunded mandates, add all these additional costs on to what they are already pay-ing. These are big, fat unfunded man-dates. And I want to tell you, when your Governors read this bill, when you read this bill, you are going to be amazed about all these additional bur-dens that are going to be imposed on States and localities. If this isn’t an unfunded mandate, if this wasn’t what that Republican initiative was all about when it was first implemented, I have no idea what it is. But I will tell you, even on the work training programs, this bill would pro-vide maybe about $30 per person for education and training. We are told that education and training programs, on average, range from $7,000 to $14,000 to be effective. So this is an unfunded mandate, plain and simple. If you care about unfunded mandates, you are going to support us in our initiative here today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, again, I recognize my friend’s passion. I tell you, this is not going to be the end of my friend’s pas-sion. We are going to be here for an-other hour, together, talking about the farm bill, and I suspect we will see even a new degree of passion because my friend from Massachusetts is incredibly committed to his point of view on the SNAP program. What I would tell you, Mr. Speaker— and I will speak on behalf of my Gov-ernor from the great State of Georgia; I will speak on behalf of my legislators and my administrators in the great State of Georgia—folks want to be a part of lifting people out of poverty. Nobody wants to be a part of trapping people in a cycle of poverty, and there is absolutely, Mr. Speaker, a degree of complicity that this Chamber has often been involved in by saying: This is the best we can do. We can’t do any better, and we are just going to resign our-selves to the fact that generational poverty will continue. I say nonsense, and this bill is a step in the right direc-tion. I share my friend’s frustration that what should have been a bipartisan farm bill, what traditionally is a bipar-tisan farm bill, went off the rails some-where in the process and folks walked away from the table. We can assign blame however we choose to do it; but in this case, Mr. Speaker, we are talk-ing about a bill that is going to take a major step forward in lifting folks out of poverty, a major step forward in put-ting people back to work, a major step forward in making sure that folks who receive Federal benefits are those who need Federal benefits, but those who have opportunities to do more and to do better for their families have part-ners in both their Federal and State governments to make that happen. I think that is what all my colleagues here want. I encourage my friends to reject my friend’s point of order and to vote to consider this bill today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. The question is, Will the House now consider the resolution? The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 223, nays 181, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 184] YEAS—223 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.025 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3994 May 16, 2018 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—23 
Beyer Brown (MD) Ca´rdenas Chu, Judy DeGette Engel Gabbard Gutie´rrez Labrador Lipinski Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. McNerney Reed Reichert Richmond Rogers (KY) Roskam Shea-Porter Shuster Thornberry Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) 
b1316 Ms. KAPTUR, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, and Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the question of consideration was decided in the affirmative. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CRAWFORD ). The gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
OODALL ) is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), an Ag Committee member and my fellow Rules Com-mittee member, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolu-tion, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. I thank my colleagues for standing with me to consider this rule and then these three underlying measures today. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, the rule before us today, House Resolution 891, makes in order three pieces of legisla-tion. The one that you heard discussed already today is H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. Two other measures included in this rule are H.R. 5698, the Protect and Serve Act of 2018, and S. 2372, the VA MISSION Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, as you know, this week is Police Week, and police officers serv-ing our communities every day with distinction get this 1 week a year that we all take a moment to pause and say thank you. President Trump made that point yesterday just outside the Cap-itol talking about these heroes who put their life on the line absolutely every day. To quote the President, he said: ‘‘Your moms and dads were among the bravest Americans to ever live’’ when he was talking to the children of fallen officers. Of course, he was absolutely right. For that reason I am particularly pleased that the rule today brings up the Protect and Serve Act of 2018. It brings it to the floor under a struc-tured amendment process. The bill makes it a Federal crime to inten-tionally cause or to attempt to cause serious bodily harm to any law enforce-ment officer. I say that again, Mr. Speaker. It makes it a Federal crime to attempt to cause or intentionally cause serious bodily harm to any law enforcement officer. Mr. Speaker, we are trying to speak in the absolute strongest terms when we speak on behalf of our men and women in law enforcement uniforms. In fact, just last night in the Rules Committee, my friend, Mr. M
CGOVERN  from Massachusetts, said there is vir-tually no disagreement between the parties and the Chambers on this legis-lation. Another bill we can agree on, Mr. Speaker, is the VA MISSION Act. In fact, I was with one of The American Legion chapters in our district just Monday talking about the very provi-sions in this bill and how they can make a substantive difference for our men and women who have served us in the Armed Forces. This is a four corners agreement bill, Mr. Speaker, and by four corners, I mean the chairmen and the ranking members on the House side and on the Senate side have agreed on this legisla-tion. They have worked together on this legislation, and they have put it together in a way that we can all be proudly supportive of that final prod-uct. Let me tell you what this bill will do in specifics, Mr. Speaker. It consolidates seven duplicative community care programs into one program that is easier for our veterans to understand and to access. It ensures that the Veterans Choice Program has enough funding to continue working for our veterans for yet another year as the committees continue to perfect that program. I am sure you hear the same constructive counsel that I do, Mr. Speaker. Good for Congress for let-ting us opt out so that we can get the services we need quickly. But the Vet-erans Choice Program still has work to do to get those agreements approved promptly and get those doctors reim-bursed promptly. The VA MISSION Act, Mr. Speaker, also creates a fair and transparent process for a comprehensive audit of the VA’s physical facilities. Where are those regions of the country that are underserved? Where are those regions of the country where consolidation would better serve? The VA can transform its aging in-frastructure. This bill provides a com-prehensive audit process so that we can modernize the VA for today’s veterans. It expands the caregiver program, Mr. Speaker, to provide the benefits to pre- 9/11 veterans so that they are in parity with those benefits of post-9/11 vet-erans, and it provides VA provider re-cruitment and retention efforts so that our veterans have access to those med-ical personnel that they desperately need. These reforms aren’t just supported by those four corners that I mentioned, the Republicans and Democrats who lead the Veterans’ Affairs Committee in the House and who lead the commit-tees in the Senate, but they are also supported by over 30 veterans’ service organizations from across the country, Mr. Speaker, as Chairman ROEhigh-lighted in the Rules Committee just last night. I don’t pretend that these measures do everything for everyone, Mr. Speak-er. They do not. But it is another in a long step of bills making progress on behalf of the American people. Whether we are talking about our men and women in law enforcement uniforms, Mr. Speaker, or whether we are talking about our men and women who have worn our military uniforms, it is an-other example of how Chairman R
OE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.007 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3995 May 16, 2018 
and Ranking Member W ALZ and our colleagues in the Senate are taking steps forward to repay our debts. Finally, Mr. Speaker, as we have al-ready heard discussed, this rule would make in order H.R. 2, our Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. It doesn’t just make in order the base text, Mr. Speaker, it also makes in order 20 amendments that have been offered by both Republicans and Democrats in this Chamber who would like to try to make that bill even better. Twenty amendments have been made in order already, and when we finish debate here on the floor, my colleague from Massachusetts and I will return to the Rules Committee upstairs, and we will consider yet another round of amend-ments this afternoon so that we can continue to perfect this bill throughout the week. Mr. Speaker, one rule, three bills— three bills that have the ability to make a difference for families across the country north, south, east, and west. I hope my colleagues will support this rule, get involved in that under-lying debate, and support those bills on final passage as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) for the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Georgia just said one rule three bills, which has become kind of a habit around here where we try to bunch a whole bunch of bills together in one rule so we don’t actually focus on any one issue in a way that is mean-ingful. It is, I think, an attempt to try to stifle debate. We have a bill that would protect our police. We have a bill that would deal with veterans. And then we have the farm bill. Mr. Speaker, I want to focus on the farm bill, if I may. I have served on the Agriculture Committee since 2011. Historically, it has been one of the most—if not the most—bipartisan committee in the House of Representatives. That is how farm bills are normally crafted, through compromise and through a co-alition of Members from urban and rural America coming together to get something done. That is why I have always had faith in this process—faith that minority views would be heard. Even when it wasn’t easy and even when the final product wasn’t perfect, the end product was traditionally bipartisan. Until today. The process for this farm bill was a sham. In no way did it reflect the Agri-culture Committee’s long, bipartisan tradition. I am the ranking member of the Nutrition Subcommittee, and even I wasn’t able to see a word of text until this bill was publicly released. I am not even sure when Republicans on the sub-committee first saw the language. Over the last 21⁄2years, the Agri-culture Committee held 23 hearings on SNAP. Apparently, they were just for show, because not a single witness— Democrat or Republican—rec-ommended any of the drastic cuts or draconian policy changes to SNAP in-cluded in this Republican farm bill. When our distinguished ranking member on the committee, Mr. P
ETER -
SON, was finally asked for Democratic feedback on the nutrition title, he gave a long, thoughtful list of objections and suggested changes. His input was ignored with the majority changing barely a handful of words in this whole bill. The Republican farm bill is filled with controversial provisions, and no one will tell us how they even got into the bill. Believe me, Mr. Speaker, I have asked. I can’t get an answer. Maybe President Trump’s ethically challenged White House opened its doors even wider to lobbyists and let them write key parts of this bill. Or perhaps an arch-conservative think tank was given the chance to airdrop its wish list into the bill. But I suspect something more mun-dane and damaging. I think the Speak-er viewed this bill as his last chance to enact sweeping cuts to safety net pro-grams before he retires. Even the num-ber of this bill, H.R. 2, was always re-served by the Speaker for his so-called welfare reform bill. So I warn my colleagues on both sides of the aisle: make no mistake. This legislation is a transformation of our social safety net dressed up as a farm bill. It beats up, belittles, and de-monizes poor people all across this country. It doesn’t even try to put lip-stick on this pig. Mr. Speaker, last week it was re-ported that the Republican Conference brought in communicator Frank Luntz to try to wordsmith how Republicans can justify supporting this bill. They must be terrified. They know that just explaining the reality would appall and enrage most Americans. Now, Mr. Luntz is the same guy who helped craft Speaker Gingrich’s Con-tract with America. He earned PolitiFact’s lie of the year in 2010 for one of his debunked claims on healthcare reform and even tried once in an interview to turn the term Or-wellian into something positive. Mr. Speaker, he has his work cut out for him here because I don’t even think Mr. Luntz can wordsmith something so cruel into something positive. Now, here is how mean this bill real-ly is. SNAP is our Nation’s premier anti-hunger program, our first line of defense against hunger. People, includ-ing the most vulnerable among us— kids, the disabled, and the elderly— turn to it when there is no other op-tion. For them, there is no plan B when they are struggling to figure out where their next meal is coming from. With this bill, Republicans are cutting SNAP by over $20 billion. Millions of people would see their benefits slashed, and many would be cut off from assist-ance entirely. b1330 Why are the Republicans doing this? To pay for hoisting their latest unproven and way underfunded State- based workforce bureaucracy experi-ment on the entire Nation. That is why. I say ‘‘unproven’’ because I don’t see any evidence or studies suggesting that any of this will even work. In fact, I have a study here that points out the flaws in this proposal. It expands work requirements for poor parents while making millionaires and billionaires eligible for subsidies even if they don’t live or work on a farm. You can’t make this stuff up. There is no evidence that this approach is ef-fective. We have no idea whether States have the manpower or infra-structure to take this on. We have no idea how much it will cost States to put a recipient through a job training program. This bill would give States just $30 to train each person, when we know it costs thousands of dollars per person to fund robust job training pro-grams. Mr. Speaker, it would be laughable if this weren’t so serious. Currently, States are testing the ef-fectiveness of job training programs as a way to help SNAP recipients move out of poverty. But we aren’t expecting to get the results of these pilot pro-grams until 2021. Shouldn’t we wait to see the results of State pilot programs? Shouldn’t we wait until we know what might work and what doesn’t? Why should we force our Governors and States to gamble on a sweeping, untested bureaucracy that appears doomed to failure? Clearly, the Republicans aren’t going to let a lack of facts stop them from creating this massive, new government bureaucracy that will affect millions of vulnerable Americans. This is from a party that claims to want a govern-ment so small, they could drown it in a bathtub. Apparently, they want a government just small enough to leave millions of poor and working Ameri-cans with nowhere to turn. This isn’t about helping people; this is about putting up roadblocks that make nutrition assistance difficult, if not impossible, to get. This legislation also severs the link between SNAP and the Low Income Heating Energy Assistance Program, or LIHEAP. This connection is what has allowed disabled and working fami-lies to receive credit for out-of-pocket heating and cooling expenses without unnecessary trips to the SNAP office. But the changes in this bill would force recipients to make those unnecessary trips, and they would lead to more has-sles and avoidable errors and people falling through the cracks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3996 May 16, 2018 
I think the Republican leaders in the House are the only people on this plan-et who believe that creating unneces-sary hassles count as some kind of laudable reform. The Republican farm bill would also eliminate broad-based categorical eli-gibility. This has been a critical option that States have used to help working families with kids and seniors during tough times. More than 40 States today use this option, including 12 States with Republican Governors. Elimi-nating it would cause 400,000 eligible households—close to 1 million people— to lose their food benefits. The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office estimated that 265,000 students will lose access to free school lunches if this bill were to become law. You know, when I was growing up, it was school bullies that went after kids’ lunch money; it wasn’t the United States Congress. This is shameful. But let’s also be clear here that eliminating broad-based categorical eligibility would throw close to 1 mil-lion people off of SNAP who work. Ba-sically, it would deny SNAP benefits to people who earn under $16,000 a year. Mr. Speaker, what the hell is wrong with this place? These people can’t get through the year on that. That is not enough to feed one’s self or one’s family. The Republican Congress, who rushed to raise taxes on 86 million middle class families to pay for a tax cut for large corporations and the richest 1 percent, is now trying to stop kids from getting school lunches and taking assistance away from families strug-gling with hunger. This entire Congress has been one long, slow march toward making life harder for the poor, the hungry, and working Americans. I am tired of a Congress that prioritizes the rich, that looks out only for the wealthy. The legislation we take up here today should reflect our values. But this bill doesn’t reflect my values, Mr. Speaker. This is a farm bill that doesn’t even make significant improve-ments to our agricultural programs to help farmers who are caught in the middle of the President’s trade war. It is an attack on those living in pov-erty. It trades in stereotypes to justify shredding our social safety net, and it is hell-bent on making hunger worse in this country. This Republican farm bill is disgusting, and the process that got us here is disgusting. By the way, just so Members are clear, the average SNAP benefit is $1.40 per person per meal. I say to my col-leagues, you try living on that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to say I agree with my friend. Asking single, working-age, healthy, nondisabled men to go to work is going to make their life harder. Going to work every day is hard. But I would also say to my friend that it is going to make their life better. It is a value that we should share, not a value that we should repudiate. This happens to be an area of dis-agreement, Mr. Speaker. There are so many areas of agreement we could be focusing on. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), the chairman of the Energy and Com-merce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and the good work that was done there and the VA MISSION Act, which improves ac-cess to care for our veterans, funds the Choice Program, and expands the care-givers program for pre-9/11 veterans. I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member for their work on this important legislation. I would par-ticularly like to applaud the inclusion of the VA Medical Scribes Pilot Act. This was legislation that I helped write with Chairman R
OEto set up a pilot program for including scribes in pri-mary care teams at the VA. Research in the private sector has shown that allowing scribes to handle electronic health records allows the healthcare providers, the doctors, to do more of what they do best, which is to treat the patients. So we have doctors treating patients rather than spending their valuable time doing paperwork. Chairman R
OEjoined me in my dis-trict last fall on a tour of the VA clinic in White City, Oregon, where we heard firsthand about the administrative challenges the VA doctors face and how that affects their ability to care for veterans. The underlying bill that we will bring to the floor will help. The entire bill will help. This will help our docs have more time to spend with their patients. We will continue to work with the VA on their implementation of this program, but I am pleased that it was included in the underlying legislation, Mr. Speaker. Once again, I applaud the entire Vet-erans Affairs Committee on their work to give veterans the access to healthcare they have earned and de-serve. I urge support and passage of the underlying VA MISSION Act and ap-proval of the rule. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Under this bill, somebody who is working and earns like $15,800 a year up to like $23,000 a year, who works right now, and who currently receives SNAP would lose it under this. This is how you are rewarding their work. I just find that appalling. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEI -
DER). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the cruel and partisan safety net cuts masquerading as the farm bill. The farm bill has long been a par-tisan cause, offering assistance and se-curity to farmers and needy families alike in a way that both Democrats and Republicans can support. But this extreme bill cuts more than $23 billion from nutrition assistance programs through eligibility restrictions, kick-ing a projected 1 million households off the SNAP program and reducing bene-fits for millions more. Let me be clear: these are vital, life-saving benefits to help Americans put food on the table during moments of need. The average family spends just 10 months on SNAP, receiving assistance just long enough to get back on their feet. At the same time, the program helps set our kids up for success. Hun-gry children perform worse in school, and studies have shown that children on SNAP achieve higher test scores and are more likely to graduate from high school. Children on SNAP achieve higher test scores and succeed, and they have the opportunity to do well later in life. Mr. Speaker, the partisan approach was the wrong way on tax reform, it was the wrong way on healthcare, and it is the wrong way now. I urge my Re-publican colleagues to abandon this party-line legislation and instead ap-proach the farm bill in the fair, bipar-tisan manner we have in the past. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I agree with my friend. I think, as a general rule, partisan approaches are the wrong way. This is certainly not what my chairman desired. It is cer-tainly not where any of us wanted to end up. When folks walk away from the table, it is where we do in fact end up. This is the start of the process. This is not the end of the process. I regret the way that this has sorted out for my ag friends. But we can’t do nothing be-cause folks have gotten up and walked away from the table. We have to con-tinue to do what our constituents have asked us to do, and this is a good step in that direction. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
OLIS), a distinguished mem-ber of the Rules Committee. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I want to draw attention to provisions of this bill which attack bedrock environmental laws and recklessly promote logging over clean water, recreation, and wild-life. In a district like mine, where the holdings of the U.S. Forest Service are extensive, this bill is a critical part of helping to protect our economy, our way of life, and the way we enjoy our public lands. Title 8 of the bill includes blatant at-tempts that undermine the Endangered Species Act, NEPA, and the roadless area conservation rule. This bill allows for congressional exemptions—basi-cally, an earmark—to prevent environ-mental reviews and public comment periods that actually prevent commu-nities from having a say over what happens quite literally in their back-yard. I think that we need to make sure that we involve our local commu-nities. This bill empowers Washington, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.030 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3997 May 16, 2018 
D.C., decisionmakers by taking that control away from our communities. It weakens the Endangered Species Act by eliminating scientific expert opinion about whether projects would harm endangered species and their crit-ical habitats, and it prioritizes logging over recreation, even going so far as shifting incentives to emphasize log-ging over environmental restoration in other areas that support the outdoor recreation economy, one of the biggest sources of jobs in my district and in my State. Before the ink is even dry on the om-nibus, this farm bill threatens to re-nege on the bipartisan wildfire budget deal with more proposals that weaken protections and mitigation on our pub-lic lands. In my State, the 6,000-acre congres-sional exemption or earmark would have a detrimental impact, but it would have an even worse impact on the much smaller Eastern and Mid-western forests, where 6,000 acres would vastly exceed the annual sustainable maximum harvest. When the Forest Service needs to do a 6,000-acre project, it already can. It needs to take input from the public nearby in our neighborhoods and in our communities about how they would be affected. Of course, it should consider how water, soil, and wildlife habitat can be protected. For years, congressional debate over forest management has been framed by the need to address hazardous fuels for wildfires. This bill takes a step away from that and makes it clear that re-form efforts weren’t actually about wildfire; they are about efforts to give away our public lands to timber and other industries and silence the voice of residents. Congress should stop trying to legis-late logging projects and take control. Washington should allow our commu-nities to have a say. The Forest Serv-ice has many tools today that include local input. All Americans deserve is a say in how our public lands are man-aged. Endangered species should cer-tainly not be sacrificed just so more of our forests can be logged. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from over 120 conservation groups opposed to these harmful for-estry provisions in H.R. 2, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
MAY11, 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters we urge you to strongly oppose the extreme and divi-sively partisan federal forest provisions in the Forestry Title of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 (H.R. 2), also known as ‘‘the House Farm Bill.’’ The legislation is replete with provisions that undermine bedrock environmental laws, including the National Environmental Pol-icy Act (NEPA), Endangered Species Act (ESA), and Roadless Area Conservation Rule (Roadless Rule). This bill consistently prioritizes the logging industry over all other forest stakeholders. It would cause ir-reparable harm to our federal forests, the millions of Americans who depend on them for clean drinking water, subsistence, recre-ation, and economic benefit, and the wildlife that call them home. The federal forest provisions in the House Farm Bill also run contrary to the wildfire funding agreement reached only weeks ago in the Fiscal Year 2018 Omnibus. A deal was only reached after significant environmental concessions to pro-logging hardliners, even though a comprehensive wildfire funding so-lution had solid bi-partisan support in both chambers going into the omnibus negotia-tion. Ignoring that compromise, H.R. 2 would allow logging, grazing, and many other ac-tivities on up to 6,000-acres—almost 10 square miles for each single project—without any NEPA review or disclosure of potential harms. The numerous new exemptions are double the size of the legislated NEPA exclu-sion just passed in the omnibus deal and they also eliminate the requirement, pre-served in the omnibus agreement, to con-sider cumulative effects and ‘‘extraordinary circumstances’’ such as wilderness areas and endangered species. This partisan bill also goes further than the omnibus deal on the ESA, allowing fed-eral land management agencies to ‘‘self-con-sult’’ on whether their actions would harm threatened and endangered species even though such self-consultation has already been declared unlawful by the courts. Addi-tionally, it attacks the landmark Roadless Rule, makes resource management and for-est stewardship dependent on logging rev-enue, creating a perverse incentive, and jeop-ardizes fire-vulnerable communities by deprioritizing hazardous fuels reduction ef-forts in the Wildland Urban Interface. The harmful federal forest proposals in this legislation solve no problem; they only add controversy to the House Farm Bill and weaken its chances of becoming law. For all of these reasons we strongly urge you to OPPOSE the federal forest provisions in the House Farm Bill and any amendments that further undermine environmental safe-guards on our federal forests. Thank you, Alaska Wilderness League; Allegheny De-fense Project; Alpine Lakes Protection Soci-ety; Appalachian Voices; Arise for Social Justice; Bark; Beaver Valley Preservation Alliance; California Native Plant Society; Cascade Forest Conservancy; Cascadia Wildlands; Center for Biological Diversity; Center for Sierra Nevada Conservation; Cher-okee Forest Voices; Christians For The Mountains; Climate Change Major Disaster Declaration Campaign; Colorado Native Plant Society; Conservation Colorado; Con-servation Congress; Conservation Northwest; Darby Creek Valley Association. Defenders of Wildlife; Dolores River Boat-ing Advocates; Earth Island Institute’s John Muir Project; Earthjustice; Endangered Spe-cies Coalition; EnviroAce, LLC; Environ-mental Protection Information Center; Friends of Bell Smith Springs; Friends of Grays Harbor; Friends of Lake Monroe; Friends of Plumas Wilderness; Friends of the Bitterroot; Friends of the Inyo; Georgia ForestWatch; Grand Canyon Trust; Great Old Broads for Wilderness; Great Old Broads for Wilderness—Grand Junction Broadband; Great Old Broads for Wilderness—Rio Grande Valley Broadband; Great Old Broads for Wil-derness—Select Roaring Fork Broadband; Greater Hells Canyon Council. Greenvironment, LLC; Heartwood; High Country Conservation Advocates; Hoosier Environmental Council; Idaho Conservation League; Indiana Forest Alliance; Izaak Wal-ton League Bush Lake Chapter; Izaak Wal-ton League Cass Count Chapter; Izaak Wal-ton League W.J. McCabe Chapter; Kentucky Conservation Committee; Kentucky Envi-ronmental Foundation; Kentucky Heartwood; Kentucky Resources Council, Inc.; Kettle Range Conservation Group; Klamath Forest Alliance; KS Wild; La Cueva Guardians; League of Conservation Voters; Los Padres ForestWatch; Mass Forest Res-cue Campaign. Minnesota Division Izaak Walton League of America; Montana Wilderness Associa-tion; MountainTrue; National Parks Con-servation Association; Natural Resources Defense Council; Nature Abounds; Nature for All; New Mexico Sportsmen; New Mexico Wild; New Mexico Wilderness Alliance; New Mexico Wildlife Federation; New River Alli-ance of Climbers; North Cascades Conserva-tion Council; Northcoast Environmental Center; Ohio Environmental Council; Olym-pic Forest Coalition; Olympic Park Associ-ates; Once a Forest; Oregon Wild; Partner-ship for Policy Integrity. Partnership for the National Trails Sys-tem; PennFuture; Pennsylvania Council of Churches; Public Lands Media; RESTORE: The North Woods; Rocky Mountain Recre-ation Initiative; Rocky Mountain Wild; San Juan Citizens Alliance; San Luis Valley Eco-system Council; Sangre de Cristo Audubon Society; Santa Fe Forest Coalition; Save Our Sky Blue Waters; Sequoia ForestKeeper; Shawnee Forest Sentinels; Sheep Mountain Alliance; Sheltowee Trace Association; Si-erra Club; Sierra Forest Legacy; Sky Island Alliance; Southern Environmental Law Cen-ter. Southern Illinoisans Against Fracturing Our Environment; Speak for the Trees; Ten-nessee Wild; The Enviro Show; The Lands Council; The Wilderness Society; Tulare County Audubon Society; Umpqua Water-sheds, Inc.; Virginia Wilderness Committee; Water Stone Outdoors; West Virginia Envi-ronmental Council; West Virginia Highlands Conservancy; West Virginia Rivers Coalition; West Virginia Wilderness Coalition; Western Environmental Law Center; White Mountain Conservation League; WildEarth Guardians; Wilderness Workshop; Winter Wildlands Alli-ance; Zumbro Valley Audubon. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the farm economy is the biggest contributor to Georgia GDP. Georgia families wake up every day back home and go out and often, in some cases, are working land that their father worked before them and their grandfather worked before them. We have had the Georgia Farm Bu-reau in town pleading with us to bring some certainty to ag policy. There are two parts to a farm bill, for all the reasons that folks who got here long before I did can explain: why it is we do a food stamp half of a farm bill and an actual farmer half of the farm bill. It is so often true that the SNAP pro-gram gets all the conversation, Mr. Speaker. But as you heard from my friend from Colorado, while the money is not where the farmers and those farm families are, that is certainly where the policy is. It has been true time and time again that, in a collaborative, bipartisan, bi-cameral way, we have come together as a House and a Senate and moved policy forward to provide market certainty for those farmers. You don’t always appreciate the farmers in your community, Mr. Speaker, when you can go to the gro-cery store and grab anything you want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.031 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3998 May 16, 2018 
at absolutely any time you want. Those things don’t happen by accident. They happen with a whole lot of sweat equity, a whole lot of risk-taking, and, candidly, with a whole lot of prayer going on across farm communities in this land. b1345 This bill responds to some of the marketplace needs that we are finding in the 21st century. You are going to see those collaborative veins through-out this measure, Mr. Speaker. I hope my colleagues will look not just at the SNAP program, but also at the cer-tainty that we will provide to the very hardworking farm families across this country. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia for his comments. I think, again, if the gentleman reads this bill, he and his farmers should be concerned about this bill because it does not increase sup-port for our farm safety net and sup-port prices. So we have a lot of farmers who are deeply concerned about that part of the bill as well. Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge that we defeat the previous question. If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative L
AMB’s legislation, H.R. 5805, which provides the fix needed to implement the VA MISSION Act to ensure that it is not hindered by budget caps. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massa-chusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to dis-cuss that proposal, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. L
AMB). Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, the VA MISSION Act is a good bill. I support it. For too long, our veterans could real-ly question whether this government means it when we say that we value their service. We cannot erase those doubts in one day or in one bill, but we can take a positive step forward, and we are doing that today. Both parties are doing that together. Together, we are finally giving all caregivers the tools they need for the heroic work that they do. We are strengthening VA at its core by at-tracting the best and the brightest to work there, and we are giving veterans a real choice to seek the best treat-ment anywhere, whether in or outside of the VA. This is a good bill, but it is not per-fect. We owe it to our veterans and to the taxpayers to explain how we will pay for this. There is a strict cap on VA’s budget, and the MISSION Act will bust that cap, so all of the good things in the MISSION Act will trigger harsh, auto-matic cuts in the rest of VA’s budget. This will force the VA to rob Peter to pay Paul. This is not hypothetical. One year from now, these cuts will be triggered, and a veteran today would be right to ask if his favorite nurse will be laid off or if the old and slow computer sys-tems at the VA will get even older and even slower. The money has to come from somewhere in the VA’s budget. But there is another way. The money we are spending today does not have to count against the budget cap. That budget cap was set before we ever made these improvements to the VA. It is a separate issue, and the cap number shouldn’t hold us back. My bill, H.R. 5805, would simply count the new money as separate so that it does not bust the rest of the VA’s budget. Mr. Speaker, both sides of this House are working together to improve the VA. That is a great thing. Let’s not make it any harder than it already is. Instead, let’s finish the job. We have to spend what it takes to get the job done. No more, but also no less. Our veterans are looking to us to make the VA stronger, not weaker. The workers of the VA are depending upon us to give them what they need for their mission. Automatic budget cuts will not accomplish that mission. I ask my colleagues on both sides to help us, help our veterans, and help our workers. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion on ordering the previous question so that my bill, H.R. 5805, can be made in order. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is my first time on the floor with our new colleague from Pennsylvania. I appreciate not just his service here, but his service to our country in general. I feel his pain. It is a good bill, but it is not a per-fect bill, and we have got ways to do it. I have been here 7 years. I come down here time and time again to find good bills, Mr. Speaker, and I am always frustrated that we can’t get it there. What I have determined, Mr. Speak-er, that I will share with you and with my friend from Pennsylvania is that the reason is because you folks don’t agree with me. That is what I have de-cided is why I can’t get to those perfect bills, because try as I might, I cannot get 434 other people to agree with me on everything all the time. I will tell my friend from Pennsyl-vania, Mr. Speaker, the most discour-aging day I have had in this institution was after we passed the Budget Control Act and we picked four of our finest Republicans and four of our finest Democrats from the House and also four from the Senate—Republicans, Democrats—and we locked them in a room together for 3 months. We said: Look at some of these mandatory spending programs like you have talked about. Look at the discre-tionary programs. Across-the-board budget cuts are nonsensical. They don’t reflect American priorities at all. So get together, talk to one another, work through it, and figure out a way that we can make the books balance so we don’t mortgage our children’s and our grandchildren’s futures but so that we also keep the commitments that we have made to families today. They met for 3 months, and they walked out of that room having looked at hundreds of trillions of dollars in Federal spending and agreed on not one penny of change together. I cannot tell you, Mr. Speaker—well, you remember how discouraging that day was. Moving these dollars from mandatory spending to discretionary spending is absolutely going to put additional pres-sures on the budget process—I see my friend from Minnesota nodding his head; he is a true champion for our vet-erans—but, by golly, we have got to stand up and say yes to those dollars. I got excoriated back home for voting in favor of raising the nondefense dis-cretionary limits, but I have to go home and tell the story of how I am meeting promises to veterans that were not going to get met otherwise. I have got to go home and tell the story about how I am meeting promises for children that weren’t going to get met otherwise. And I have got to go home and tell the story of how I don’t have 218 votes to do it my way, and the only way to get anything done around here is in partnership. Candidly, Mr. Speaker, we don’t have a better example than the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Mr. WALZ’ leader-ship, Dr. R
OE’s leadership. Time and time again, I see these two men go and not follow their own hearts and pas-sions but try to do what is best for ev-eryone, try to find a way forward when folks had bet against them and said you couldn’t find a way forward. I hear the concerns of my new col-league from Pennsylvania, Mr. Speak-er, and I believe he is absolutely right; we are going to run up against that conversation next year. The question is will we have the courage to stand up together and fund those priorities next year. I am looking forward to the great outpouring of bipartisanship we are going to see in support of the VA MIS-SION Act today, and I will look for-ward to the great outpouring of sup-port when the funding time comes to make sure we are as committed to those promises tomorrow as we are to-gether this afternoon. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ), the ranking member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts and my friend from Georgia. We are going to see some camaraderie down here. I agree with the gentleman on this. And I thank Mr. L
AMB for pointing out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.033 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3999 May 16, 2018 
clearly what needs to be done to this bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to the rule. This is one of those cases, and I think this is important on the rule, because, Mr. Speaker, we may know it in here, but for Americans who are watching this, the rule is how we have this debate. And this is an honest debate. To be absolutely clear, there is no one in this Chamber who disagrees on the care for veterans. How we get there is what is different. On these amend-ments that Mr. L
AMB was proposing to offer or other things that we would like to bring up to fix this, we should de-bate it here. Dr. R
OE, the chairman of the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, did this. He had an open rule. I brought up my amendment, it was debated, and I lost. That is democracy. I understand that. But it is the conversation that brings our Members in that gets us to con-sensus. So, by structuring a closed rule—for the American people watching this, we already know what the score is of this game. We already know what is going to happen ahead of time. It is in this deliberative body that we should be having a detailed debate on this very proposal and then voting it down. I think we say it because of time; we say it because of constraint; we say it because we want to control the flow of what happens here. Well, maybe the American people don’t want that flow a little bit. We should have this debate, and I will accept losing an argument. What I cannot accept is five people up in a room up on the third floor here making something out of order that is clearly in order, and whether it is accepted or not should at least be debated. So I don’t disagree with the gentle-man’s assessment. He is right about us trying to find common ground. There is going to be a lot of support on this piece of legislation when it comes up, but I think not having an open rule and an honest debate is selling us short from getting toward a more perfect bill—not perfect, a more perfect bill. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this closed rule. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I do not have any further speakers remaining, so I am prepared to close when the gen-tleman from Massachusetts is, but I will reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, we aren’t done, so if the gentleman would like to yield me some time, that would be great. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and the under-lying Republican farm bill, which could devastate working families, seniors, and the vulnerable who rely on food as-sistance. Currently, more than 41 million Americans receive benefits through the Federal food assistance program known as SNAP. Close to two-thirds are chil-dren, the elderly, and the disabled. However, this partisan bill would re-duce SNAP benefits by $23.3 billion, de-nying hundreds of thousands of Amer-ican families who rely on this food sup-port. Millions more will see their bene-fits reduced because Republicans are recklessly increasing the burden on re-cipients and changing eligibility re-quirements. In December, Republicans passed a tax bill benefiting the wealthiest Americans and the most powerful cor-porate special interests. This Repub-lican tax scam increases our national debt by $2 trillion over the next 10 years, and now our Republican col-leagues are hypocritically trying to pay for these huge tax cuts for the wealthy by taking away resources for Americans who need them most. Republicans are using this formerly bipartisan process to continue to un-dermine the well-being of children, the elderly, and the disabled to give gifts to the wealthy. This goes against ev-erything we stand for as a country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule and to oppose the bill. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, this farm bill is outrageous. What it is doing is breaking what has been traditionally a bipartisan commitment to including a nutrition title that helps people in all of our districts who need the food. This bill has had no process. It is a continu-ation of an effort to ratchet down any help that Americans need. That healthcare bill was going to help on healthcare by taking it away from 24 million people. This nutrition bill, supposedly, is going to help people by taking $23 billion worth of benefits away from children, veterans, the el-derly, and the disabled who need that food. Why? Well, there is a reason. We passed a tax cut. By the way, it wasn’t paid for. $2.3 trillion added to the deficit for a tax bill where 87 percent of the benefits go to wealthy multinational corpora-tions and individuals earning over $890,000 a year. Well, the bill has come due, and we have a proposal here to come up with $23 billion to pay for it, and that is taking meals off the table of disabled people. And, by the way, the work require-ment, what is it really? Because that sounds good. By the way, who doesn’t want to work? Everybody wants to work. You need a job. We are going to pay for this so-called work requirement by taking money away from nutrition, paying bureau-crats, and giving them the impossible job of putting people who are not able to work into jobs that don’t exist. Talk about cynical; that is what this bill is. I am from Vermont where we have lots of folks who need help, and we have lots of Vermonters who, with very little money, with enormous volunteer effort, are doing things that put meals, good meals, on the tables of those fam-ilies. Don’t pass this farm bill that takes that nutrition away from our Vermonters and our American citizens. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my friend from Min-nesota mentioned folks who might be watching this debate from their offices or from their homes. I think it is a shame that we don’t often get to the core of what some of our disagreements are. As we sit here today, it is a fact that there are more job openings in America than at any other time in American history. That is a fact. It is a fact that, as we sit here get-ting ready to move further into the new millennium, there are more able- bodied single men out of the workforce than ever before—that is a fact—folks who have decided not to work. Now, there is no disagreement in this body about providing food assistance to hungry kids—none. None. The disagree-ment in this body is whether or not, with more job openings than ever be-fore in American history, with more employers saying they cannot find workers, with more employers saying ‘‘we need to find new visa programs to get unskilled labor into America be-cause we don’t have enough unskilled workers to do the work here in Amer-ica’’—should the working families who pay the bills in this country support able-bodied, childless, healthy men? b1400 That is part of the question, and I would think that is something on which we can agree. But we are not going to have that pointed conversa-tion, Mr. Speaker, because there are more sympathetic targets to go after. If you walk in to a USDA facility or your State facility that is adminis-trating and you apply for food stamps, Mr. Speaker, if you qualify for food stamps, you will get them. You heard my friend from Massachusetts ref-erence categorical eligibility. That means if you qualify for a different benefit, not food stamps, we will throw in food stamps, too. Well, now, to be fair, that idea came about in some conservative circles, as well, to say let’s eliminate some of the paperwork requirements. Let’s make it easier for folks to apply for a whole host of benefits. But categorical eligi-bility, as it exists today, Mr. Speaker, says you don’t qualify for the benefit on your own, but you do if you—if you qualify for a second benefit, we will give you this one as well. Mr. Speaker, saying that you are going to eliminate categorical eligi-bility is to say you are going to give food stamps to people who qualify for food stamps. You are going to give 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.035 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4000 May 16, 2018 
SNAP benefits to people who qualify for SNAP benefits. If one wants to ex-pand the pool of people who qualify for SNAP benefits, that is a debate that we can have. But time and time again, Mr. Speak-er, there are things on which we agree in this Chamber. Programs should fol-low the rules that programs have. Peo-ple who qualify should get benefits. People who don’t qualify shouldn’t. We are going to continue to have this conversation in the next couple of days, and it is going to continue to be highlighted as a source of vast dis-agreement among us. But if we were having this same conversation back home around the dinner table, if we were having this same conversation back home at a local park or veterans organization, we would say the very same thing: Hungry kids should have access to food, on this we agree; and healthy, childless working age men should have access to a job, on this we agree. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage my colleague to read the bill. Broad-based categorical eligibility gives States the flexibility to offer people who are struggling—more people, the SNAP benefit. There are many States, includ-ing mine, that basically offer SNAP to people who are at 200 percent of the poverty level. That is about $24,000. This bill changes the criteria. So you could be working and making anywhere from $24,000 to like $15,900, and, right now, you are working and that is what you make and you are eli-gible for SNAP. This bill says you no longer can get that benefit. These are people who work, and this bill takes this nutrition benefit away from them. I don’t know how anybody could think that that is a good thing to do. I don’t know how that reward works. What that does is punish people. That punishes individuals who are doing ev-erything they possibly can to try to make ends meet. And a lot of people, by the way, who qualify for SNAP who aren’t working, qualify maybe for a month or two be-cause they are out of work for only a month or two. This idea that SNAP creates this culture dependency is just a myth. The majority of people on SNAP work—who are able-bodied work. I want to make that point clear. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER ). Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and the underlying bill. I originally had some things written down on paper, but based on the last comments, I just want to echo the sentiments of my colleague and also share that I served as Secretary of Labor in the State of Delaware. I served as head of State personnel. Jobs are important to us. I had the opportunity to work on WIA, WIOA, all of those great pieces of legislation for workforce development. And I want to talk about some myths. There is a myth that the majority of people on SNAP aren’t working or won’t work in a year. That is a myth. Two-thirds of SNAP recipients are chil-dren, seniors, and people with disabil-ities. People don’t realize that. And there are 6 million unfilled jobs. So, for me, the problem with this bill, the big-gest problem is that it was a missed op-portunity. If we are truly serious about employ-ing people who are returning from pris-on, people who maybe have a dis-ability— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Delaware. Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, if we are truly serious, then we will come to the table. But when the table is set in stone, then we don’t get an opportunity to really work on those things that will support the American people. The other piece that was dis-appointing to me is, I came to this as a person who wanted to be on this com-mittee because of its bipartisan nature and that the American people are wait-ing and watching to see us come to-gether for them. This is a loss of con-fidence, and it is also a missed oppor-tunity. I am excited and hopeful that we will come together because the people are watching. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter that I wrote to Secretary Perdue, because there were a lot of questions and assumptions that were never answered even in our markup. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 11, 2018. Hon. S
ONNY PERDUE , Secretary of Agriculture, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EARSECRETARY PERDUE : I am writing to request that the U.S. Department of Agri-culture (USDA) respond to my inquiries re-garding H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutri-tion Act of 2018, which is also known as the Farm Bill. As a member of the House Com-mittee on Agriculture, I am one of 46 Mem-bers sitting on the committee of jurisdiction for this legislation. Given the breadth of the proposed changes in the Farm Bill, I want to take this opportunity to reach out to the agency that will be responsible for imple-menting the provisions in the bill. During the markup of the Farm Bill on April 18, 2018, my colleagues on both sides of the aisle were only able to direct questions to Chairman Conaway. However, I believe it is essential that we hear from the experts in-volved in running these programs to ensure we are advocating for policies that are evi-dence-based. As a result, I respectfully ask that you address the following questions and provide a timely response. 
WORKFORCE PROGRAMS  My understanding is that we would need anywhere between three to five million more slots in workforce training programs across the country if all eligible SNAP participants would like to enroll in SNAP Employment and Training (E&T) programs. The bill would provide a new federal E&T grant of $1 billion per year to finance the newly mandated work program, which comes out to less than $30 per person per month. Upon what evi-dence and or best practices has this number been arrived at? Does the USDA believe this is sufficient? If not, what does the USDA think is sufficient to implement a meaning-ful workforce development program and move people into work? The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) analysis says it would take a decade to set up a program for everyone to get a work slot. If state E&T costs are greater than their annual federal grant, will states bear the additional costs associated with oper-ating the work programs? What breakdown does USDA expect in administration ex-penses between job training, IT, administra-tive costs, and other programs? What are the ramifications for states of not fully imple-menting their work programs? What additional capacity would USDA re-quire to oversee this new work program? Would states experience increased adminis-trative costs under this proposal? When specifically will we hear the results from the 2014 Farm Bill SNAP E&T Pilot Projects? Under current law, what are your expectations for sharing these findings and building them into USDA oversight of state E&T? If H.R. 2 were to be enacted as pro-posed, when will you be able to incorporate the findings from the pilot projects into the SNAP program, based on how this bill is written? I appreciate your timely consideration and the work you do for farmers, families, and communities across the country. Sincerely, LISABLUNT ROCHESTER , Committee Member, House Committee on Agriculture. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I agree very much with what my friend had to say. She may be a freshman, but she has got a lot of ex-perience working in departments of labor putting people to work, and I think that is a goal that we all share. And, again, it is a missed oppor-tunity. Undeniably, that is true, and there is lots of blame to go around about why it is a missed opportunity. Again, my friend from Massachusetts and I, we are going to go back up to the Rules Committee this afternoon. We are going to make some more amend-ments in order. We are going to work harder to try to perfect this bill. But walking away from the table has consequences. Setting lines in stone has consequences. We are not going to get the best work product in this Chamber when anybody walks away from the table. I am just going to stip-ulate that is true. We never ever will. But while my friend identified that the program benefits the elderly, the disabled, and children, and she is right, and it does, and I support that, she didn’t mention those able-bodied, healthy, childless men who also benefit from the program. And we do those men a disservice, not a service, when we make that benefit available in the absence of job searching. Categorical eligibility—we talk about it today like it is a word that we are hearing for the very first time. As my colleagues who were here remem-ber, we have already been to the table 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Aug 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\MAY\H16MY8.REC H16MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4001 May 16, 2018 
on categorical eligibility. As my friend from Massachusetts referenced, States that have nothing to lose by giving away Federal money were gaming the system by giving away a dollar in State benefits so that folks could qual-ify for hundreds of dollars in Federal benefits. Well, we came together in a bipar-tisan way and said: Hey, that is not right. That is not right. Folks should have skin in the game. We should be working at this together. It shouldn’t be a giveaway program. It should be a helping program. We should be making a difference in people’s lives. We did that in a collaborative way. We can come back and tell the story differently today, but we remember coming together and doing that, and we can come together and do that again, Mr. Speaker. This isn’t going to be our last opportunity. We are going to have another opportunity. Nothing goes to the President’s desk unless we get 10 Democrats in the United States Senate to get on board and do it. Collaboration is not the ex-ception. It is the rule to get things to the President’s desk and to pass new laws of the land. I wish we could talk more about what those successes are, how we found those successes in the past, and how we remain committed to finding those successes again in the future. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 4
1⁄2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Georgia has 10 minutes remain-ing. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter from the Consortium for Citizens with Disabil-ities, who are very strongly opposed to this farm bill. 
CONSORTIUM FOR CITIZENS  W
ITHDISABILITIES , Washington, DC, May 7, 2018. Re H.R. 2, Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 (Farm Bill). Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI , The undersigned members of the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities (CCD) urge you to continue the longstanding bipartisan com-mitment to protect and strengthen the Sup-plemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) by rejecting proposals to restrict eli-gibility, reduce benefits, cap or reduce fund-ing, or make harmful structural changes to SNAP in the Farm Bill. CCD is the largest coalition of national or-ganizations working together to advocate for federal public policy that ensures the self-de-termination, independence, empowerment, integration and inclusion of children and adults with disabilities in all aspects of soci-ety. In the United States, all too often food in-security and disability go together. Families that include people with disabilities are two to three times more likely to experience food insecurity than families that have no mem-bers with disabilities. Similarly, people expe-riencing food insecurity have increased like-lihood of chronic illness and disability. SNAP is vitally important for people with disabilities and their families. By increasing access to adequate, nutritious food SNAP plays a key role in reducing hunger and help-ing people with disabilities to maximize their health and participate in their commu-nities. Using an inclusive definition of ‘‘dis-ability,’’ in 2015 an estimated 11 million peo-ple with disabilities of all ages received SNAP, representing roughly one in four SNAP participants. Roughly 4.4 million households with non- elderly adults with disabilities received SNAP in 2016. Non-elderly adults with disabilities who re-ceive SNAP have very low incomes, aver-aging only about $12,000 per year in 2016. SNAP benefits are extremely modest, aver-aging $187 per month for non-elderly people with disabilities in 2016—or just $6 per day. Existing SNAP time limits are harsh, un-fair, and harm many people with disabilities and their families by cutting off essential food assistance. Federal law currently limits SNAP eligibility for adults between the ages of 18 to 49 without dependents to just three months out of every three years—unless they can engage in work or job training activities at least half time, or qualify for an exemp-tion. These provisions cut off food assistance at a time when people need it most and do not result in increased employment and earnings. At least 500,000 low-income individ-uals nationwide lost SNAP in 2016 due to this time limit. Many people with disabilities are already hurt by SNAP time limits, despite existing exemptions for people who receive govern-mental or private benefits on the basis of a disability or are able to document that they are ‘‘physically or mentally unfit for em-ployment.’’ For example, in a study of SNAP participants subject to time limits referred to participate in work activities in Franklin County, Ohio, one-third reported a ‘‘physical or mental limitation’’. Cutting off food assistance from SNAP would only make it harder for people to work and increase their economic self-suffi-ciency. We strongly oppose any action that would cut off or reduce SNAP benefits, nar-row eligibility, or force more people to navi-gate harsh and unnecessary program rules, including people with disabilities and their families. In particular, we are concerned that the Farm Bill advanced by the House Committee on Agriculture on April 18, 2018 includes a number of provisions that would harm people with disabilities and their families. Small in-creases in the proposed bill are insufficient to make up for significant benefit reduc-tions. New work requirements with highly puni-tive rules would cut off SNAP benefits for many people—including in families with children, adults, and seniors with disabil-ities. It may seem simple to assert that ‘‘people with disabilities will be exempt,’’ but converting such a statement into an ef-fective policy process is complicated, expen-sive, and fundamentally flawed. Many people with disabilities receive SNAP, but do not meet SNAP’s statutory definitions of ‘‘dis-ability’’ or have not been so identified. Under SNAP, states have no obligation to help people prove they are exempt, even if they have difficulty obtaining the necessary records or verification from a doctor. In ad-dition, states are under no obligation to en-sure that people with disabilities have access to the full array of services they might need to work—such as accessible transportation, supported employment, and personal care aide services. People with disabilities often want to work, but need additional supports and services to obtain and keep jobs, in addi-tion to facing discrimination and misconcep-tions about their ability to work. Underfunded work programs would be woe-fully inadequate to meet training needs. Pro-posed new investments in SNAP employment and training programs—funded in large part by benefit cuts—amount to only about $30 per person per month. This amount would be grossly insufficient to provide adequate em-ployment services for people subject to pro-posed new work requirements, including job-seekers with disabilities. New reporting requirements would create major hurdles to benefits. Proposed new re-porting requirements related to eligibility, employment and training, and time limits would be extremely difficult for many people with disabilities to navigate and comply with. For example, ending a decades-old sim-plification measure and instead requiring people to share utility bills with the SNAP office—or else, see their benefits reduced—is harsh, unnecessary, and burdensome both for SNAP participants and states. If Congress wishes to explore meaningful opportunities for SNAP participants to in-crease self-sufficiency through employment, we recommend awaiting the results of the Employment & Training pilot projects au-thorized under the 2014 Farm Bill. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) awarded pilot grants in 2015, all 10 state programs are operational, and evaluation activities will operate through 2021. Already, a number of pilot states have cited multiple barriers faced by participants, including ‘‘health issues.’’ It will be important for USDA and the evaluators to carefully explore the expe-riences and outcomes of people with disabil-ities and their families in these pilot pro-grams. Congress should await the final pilot evaluations before considering any changes in these areas. We call on you to reject proposals that would weaken SNAP’s effectiveness as our nation’s foremost anti-hunger program by limiting access, reducing benefits, or cre-ating administrative hurdles. We urge all Members to vote no on the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 as approved by the Ag-riculture Committee on April 18, and instead to work on a bipartisan basis to strengthen and protect SNAP as part of the Farm Bill. Sincerely, CCD members: ACCSES, Allies for Independence, Amer-ican Association of People with Disabilities, American Association on Health and Dis-ability, American Diabetes Association, American Foundation for the Blind, Amer-ican Network of Community Options and Re-sources (ANCOR), American Psychological Association, Association of University Cen-ters on Disabilities (AUCD), Autism Society, Autistic Self Advocacy Network, Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, Brain Injury Association of America, Center for Public Representation, Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation, Community Legal Services of Philadelphia, Council of Administrators of Special Education, Disability Rights Edu-cation & Defense Fund, Division for Early Childhood of the Council for Exceptional Children (DEC), Easterseals. Epilepsy Foundation, Institute for Edu-cational Leadership, The Jewish Federations of North America, Justice in Aging, Lu-theran Services in America Disability Net-work, National Alliance on Mental Illness, National Association of Councils on Develop-mental Disabilities, National Association of State Directors of Special Education (NASDSE), National Association of State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.038 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4002 May 16, 2018 
Head Injury Administrators, National Com-mittee to Preserve Social Security and Medi-care, National Disability Institute, National Disability Rights Network, National Down Syndrome Congress, National Organization of Social Security Claimants’ Representa-tives (NOSSCR), School Social Work Asso-ciation of America, SourceAmerica, TASH, The Arc of the United States, United Spinal Association. Joined by: Lakeshore Foundation. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ). Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against this terrible farm bill. Mr. Speaker, we were working to-gether, Democrats and Republicans, to work on a farm bill. Unfortunately, the Republicans are putting all of our con-stituents in danger by making this bill purely a political agenda. At the last minute, after working to-gether and reaching consensus, the Re-publicans decided to include major dev-astating cuts to SNAP, or food stamps, instead of helping rural and urban Americans. This bill cuts SNAP by $23 billion, which will kick 1 million households off the program. The bill will also kick 265,000 kids out of free school meals and reduce benefits for millions of fam-ilies. In Michigan 1.3 million people rely on SNAP and it keeps 141,000 children out of poverty. This bill includes so many other programs in my district. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman from Michigan. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, my district supports urban farmers and food banks so our farmers and people can thrive. We should not put all of this in danger. Mr. Speaker, I call on Republicans today to stop, to remove this terrible proposal for SNAP with this poisonous bill. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a statement from No Kid Hungry, Share Our Strength, an initiative strongly opposed to this bill. 
[From No Kid Hungry, May 15, 2018] C
ONGRESS MUSTVOTENOO N FARMBILL W
ASHINGTON , DC.—This week the House of Representatives will vote on the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 (H.R. 2), also known as the Farm Bill. The following is a statement from Share Our Strength’s Senior Vice President Lisa Davis about the harmful impact the bill would have on struggling families in America. Share Our Strength of-ficially opposes the bill. ‘‘This week, the House of Representatives will vote on the Farm Bill. On balance, this bill will ultimately increase poverty and hunger in the United States and Share Our Strength cannot support it. Thirteen million children today are grow-ing up in families that worry about hunger. Even more live in families on the brink, just one lost job, one medical emergency, one broken water heater away from hunger. Con-sider: A study by the Federal Reserve shows that nearly half of all Americans couldn’t come up with $400 for an emergency expense. Another study from the National Center for Children in Poverty shows that nearly half of all children in the United States live ‘‘dangerously close’’ to the poverty line. 6 in 10 Americans will spend at least one year of their lives in poverty. And in another survey recently conducted on behalf of No Kid Hungry, two-thirds of low-income parents said they would not be able to afford enough food for their families if they were hit with a single, unplanned ex-pense of $1,500. These are families trying to do their best to survive. These are the families we all know. It’s the single working mom in Cali-fornia, worried about whether to pay the electricity bill or pay for groceries this month. It’s the grandmother trying to raise her grandkids in Appalachia. And it’s the military veteran trying to find enough work hours to support his son in Central Pennsyl-vania. And while this legislation includes some needed improvements to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), such as increasing asset limits and indexing them to inflation, these changes are significantly outweighed by harmful ones, such as elimi-nating Broad Based Categorical Eligibility (BBCE) and increasing administrative bur-dens on states and imposing penalties on adults who are unable to comply with the ex-panded work requirements in a given month. We believe a good job is the best pathway out of poverty, but there is little reason to think the policies in this Farm Bill will in-crease employment. It imposes harsh pen-alties on beneficiaries who drop below the re-quired number of hours in a month, locking them out of SNAP for a full year the first time and 3 years if it happens again. imagine a single mom barely getting 20 hours of work a week whose child gets strep throat or the flu. Or the rural dad whose car breaks down. Or the 55-year-old house cleaner whose back goes out. This is all counterintuitive. Adding hur-dles and punitive restrictions won’t help peo-ple find jobs or get back on their feet. But it will increase hunger and hardship for many families. In addition, the Congressional Budget Of-fice also reports that this legislation will lead to more than 265,000 kids losing free school meals during the school year, a dou-ble whammy for poor, working families. Re-search demonstrates the deep connections between hunger and health, particularly for children. When kids don’t get the fuel they need to nourish their developing minds and bodies, they are more likely to get sick and do poorly in school, and they are much less likely to access a future free from poverty. We urge members of the House of Rep-resentatives to take a stand for children and families and oppose this legislation.’’ ABOUT NO KID HUNGRY  No child should go hungry in America, but 1 in 5 kids will face hunger this year. Using proven, practical solutions, No Kid Hungry is ending childhood hunger today by ensuring that kids start the day with a nutritious breakfast, are able to get the nutrition they need during the summertime, and families learn the skills they need to shop and cook on a budget. When we all work together, we can make sure kids get the healthy food they need. No Kid Hungry is a campaign of na-tional anti-hunger organization Share Our Strength. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter from a co-alition of over 60 child advocacy orga-nizations opposed to the bill. MAY9, 2018. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : As child advocates in the areas of hunger and nutrition, pov-erty, health, welfare, housing, and edu-cation, we are writing to express our opposi-tion to the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 (H.R. 2), which will harm the millions of children who rely on federal nutrition pro-grams, including the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) for access to consistent, healthy food. In the interests of our nation’s babies, children and youth we strongly urge you to vote NO on H.R. 2. SNAP is a proven anti-hunger and anti- poverty program for children, which also lowers the odds of household and child food insecurity, and of children’s anemia, poor health, hospitalization for failure to thrive, and developmental delays. Research has also found that receiving SNAP in early child-hood improved high school graduation rates, adult earnings, and adult health. Today, nearly 20 million children participate in SNAP, representing 44 percent of the pro-gram’s recipients and receiving nearly half of every SNAP dollar. In addition, school breakfast and lunch programs provide many of these same children a nutritious morning and lunchtime meal each day. Because chil-dren experience both poverty and food inse-curity at higher rates than the general popu-lation, federal nutrition programs such as SNAP and school meals are critical supports that help them develop, learn, and succeed. To that end, we are very concerned about the impact H.R. 2 would have on our nation’s children. In fact, several provisions in the Nutrition Title of H.R. 2 directly threaten access to vital nutrition programs for the countless children and youth that we rep-resent: Drastic Program Eligibility Changes: H.R. 2 Makes several harmful changes to state op-tions that simplify SNAP eligibility require-ments to improve access to SNAP for poor and low-income families with children. These changes would: Expose Low-Income Children to a SNAP ‘‘Benefit Cliff’’: H.R. 2 eliminates Broad Based Categorical Eligibility (BBCE), which gives states additional flexibility and effi-ciency in granting SNAP eligibility. This change will reinstate a benefit cliff in a ma-jority of states, jeopardizing food assistance for 400,000 households who are scraping by on earnings just above 130 percent of the Fed-eral poverty line. Undermine the Ability of Poor and Low-In-come Families with Children to Build Sav-ings: Similarly, the virtual elimination by H.R. 2 of Categorical Eligibility will mean many states will have to introduce a coun-terproductive and costly process of asset testing for SNAP eligibility. As a result, H.R. 2 would cause many families to lose eli-gibility solely because of red tape, and force other families choose between meeting their basic need for food and building up the sav-ings and resources that would help them achieve economic mobility. Threaten Poor and Low-Income Children’s Access to School Meals: Under current law, children who receive SNAP are directly cer-tified for free school meal programs. These meals help combat childhood hunger, while playing an important role in improving aca-demic achievement and test scores and re-ducing absenteeism, tardiness, and discipline referrals. By forcing families off of SNAP due to changes in categorical eligibility, H.R. 2 would break this vital link between SNAP receipt and school meals for low-in-come and poor children. As a result, some 265,000 children stand to lose access to free school meals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.016 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4003 May 16, 2018 
Undermine SNAP benefits for Poor and Low-Income Children Whose Families Rely on the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP): LIHEAP is a program that helps low-income households afford their monthly utility bills. Under current law, some states allow households to use LIHEAP benefits greater than $20/month as proof of significant energy expenses, cre-ating a streamlined method for families to access a modest increase in their SNAP ben-efit. However, H.R. 2 removes this option for households that do not have an elderly mem-ber, effectively requiring poor and low-in-come families with children to provide sub-stantial documentation of energy bills on a frequent basis for caseworkers to determine their utility allowance, which could discour-age them from seeking the larger benefit or decrease its size. Harsh Work Requirements: Under current law, existing SNAP work requirements aimed at childless adults already have unin-tended and harmful consequences for chil-dren (for instance, those who rely on pooled resources from extended family and Non- Custodial Parents) and youth (such as those aging out of foster care.) Yet in spite of lim-ited supporting evidence, H.R. 2 intensifies and expands work requirements, reduces state flexibilities for exemptions, and re-quires states to implement costly training and employment programs that will take funds from food benefits to support a bu-reaucracy that will not provide quality serv-ices to people. The consequences of these changes could be devastating for countless children and youth, including: The 13.4 million school-aged children on SNAP: H.R. 2 takes the unprecedented step of expanding work requirements to adults with school-aged children. This provision risks the wellbeing of children whose parents or guardians are: 1) acting as a caretaker for a loved one such as a child with a disability; 2) have physical or mental health disabilities that don’t qualify as a disability under the legal definition; 3) face substantial barriers to work, including substance abuse issues or domestic violence; 4) working but struggling to meet the 20 hour per week threshold or the burdensome documentation require-ments; and 5) have difficulty obtaining childcare or transportation. For these par-ents or guardians, losing SNAP translates to a benefit cut for their whole household, meaning there will be less food on the table for their children. Some parents and guard-ians may also erroneously believe that their inability to meet these new work require-ments makes their children ineligible for SNAP as well, and as a result opt out of ap-plying for or renewing benefits for the entire family. In addition, children in very vulnerable families may be impacted by the new re-quirements, such as: Children in the Care of Grandparents: Today, more than 2.5 million children are being raised by their grandparents or other relatives, in part because families are deal-ing with parental alcohol and substance abuse issues, which are growing rapidly due to the opioid epidemic. And already, these families face barriers to accessing the full array of benefits and services they need. H.R. 2 would further threaten the ability of grandparents and other older relatives to care for children because it expands work re-quirements for adults up to age 60 who are caring for children over six years of age. Children in Families with a History of Family Violence: H.R. 2 requires parents fleeing family violence with their children to meet the new work requirements unless they receive a state exemption. In addition, H.R. 2 requires parents to cooperate with state Child Support Enforcement (CSE) efforts in order receive SNAP benefits—a drastic change from current law, under which 45 states, DC, and the Virgin Islands have de-clined to link the two. Yet H.R. 2 effectively eliminates existing state flexibility around CSE cooperation, meaning parents who would like to apply for SNAP but are afraid of CSE requirements which would link them to their abusers are forced to choose between safety and feeding their children. Children in Military and Veteran Families: Many veteran and military families need help feeding themselves and their children. Today, households that include a veteran with a disability are nearly twice as likely to lack access to adequate food as house-holds that do not include someone with a disability, and sadly, food insecurity rates are nearly double among post–9/11 veterans. Furthermore, currently-serving military families often experience food insecurity be-cause of financial emergencies, low pay, and crisis levels of chronic unemployment or underemployment of military spouses in a society where most families need dual in-comes to live. By subjecting these parents, including those suffering from PTSD, to the new work requirements, H.R. 2 penalizes families in need who have already sacrificed so much for our nation. Youth aging out of foster care and unac-companied, homeless youth: Youth aging out of foster care often face various challenges, including homelessness, difficulty affording education, and finding employment. Unac-companied homeless youth and young adults (who lack safe stable housing and who are not in the care of a parent or guardian) expe-rience similar difficulties, especially when they reach age 18. Existing SNAP work re-quirements already create a substantial bar-rier for these young people from accessing food assistance, because they technically meet the definition of a childless adult. Under the harsh requirements in H.R. 2, these vulnerable young adults will face even larger obstacles to food assistance. The Farm Bill represents an important op-portunity for policy solutions that will strengthen and improve nutrition programs for our nation’s children. Instead, H.R. 2 is slated to reduce spending on SNAP benefits by more than $20 billion over 10 years and will disproportionately hurt children through its harmful provisions. We urge you to protect our nation’s children and vote NO on H.R. 2. Thank you for your time and attention. Signed, 1,000 Days, African American Health Alli-ance, Afterschool Alliance, American Acad-emy of Pediatrics, Arizona Council of Human Service Providers, Association of Farm-worker Opportunity Programs, Campaign for Youth Justice, Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP), Child Care Aware of Amer-ica, Child Labor Coalition, Child Welfare League of America, Children’s Defense Fund, Children’s Leadership Council, Children’s Advocacy Institute, Coalition on Human Needs, Covenant House International, Divi-sion for Early Childhood of the Council for Exceptional Children (DEC), Every Child Matters, Families USA, Family Focused Treatment Association. Family Focused Treatment Association, First Five Years Fund, First Focus Cam-paign for Children, Food Research & Action Center, Forum for Youth Investment, Gen-erations United, Healthy Teen Network, Jumpstart, Lutheran Services in America, Methodist Children’s Home Society, MomsRising, National Alliance of Children’s Trust & Prevention Funds, National Associa-tion for Family Child Care, National Asso-ciation for the Education of Young Children, National Association of Counsel for Children, National Center on Adoption and Perma-nency, National Consumers League, National Council of Jewish Women, National Diaper Bank Network, National Health Law Pro-gram. National Human Services Assembly, Na-tional Indian Child Welfare Association, Na-tional Migrant Seasonal Head Start Associa-tion, National Network for Youth, National PTA, National Urban League, National WIC Association, National Women’s Law Center, Oral Health America, Parents as Teachers, Partnership for America’s Children, PolicyLink, Prosperity Now, Public Advo-cacy for Kids, Racial and Ethnic Health Dis-parities Coalition. RESULTS, Sargent Shriver National Cen-ter on Poverty Law, SchoolHouse Connec-tion, Share Our Strength, Social Advocates for Youth San Diego, SparkAction, StandUp For Kids, The Criminalization of Poverty Project at the Institute for Policy Studies, The National Association for Bilingual Edu-cation, The W. Haywood Burns Institute, UnidosUS, Western Regional Advocacy Project, Youth Villages, YWCA USA. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter from the National Education Association strongly opposed to this bill. 
NATIONAL EDUCATION ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, May 15, 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the three million members of the National Edu-cation Association and the 50 million stu-dents they serve, we strongly urge you to VOTE NO on the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 (H.R. 2) and oppose any amend-ments that further weaken the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. This bill makes unnecessary changes to eligibility re-quirements that could reduce the number of students certified for free school meals. The bill also imposes additional work require-ments for adults that will make it harder for some people to get or keep critical nutrition benefits. Votes associated with this issue may be included in NEA’s Report Card for the 115th Congress. The Farm Bill, as this reauthorization is commonly known, provides funding for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), which is our nation’s largest anti- hunger program. By providing monthly bene-fits to eligible low-income people to pur-chase food, SNAP plays a critical role in re-ducing hunger, malnutrition, and poverty, and improving family security, child and adult health, and employment. SNAP reaches key vulnerable populations—78 per-cent of SNAP households include a child, an elderly person, or a person with disabilities; 84 percent of all SNAP benefits go to such households. SNAP lifted 3.6 million Ameri-cans out of poverty in 2016, according to the Census Bureau’s Supplemental Poverty Measure. By providing much needed eco-nomic support, SNAP allows families to have sufficient nutrition during times of unem-ployment, fluctuating incomes, and low- wage work. Children living in households that receive SNAP benefits are eligible to receive free school meals. The healthy meals that low-in-come children receive at school fight hunger, improve academic performance, and help re-duce absenteeism, tardiness, and discipline referrals. According to the Food Research and Action Center, linking children in SNAP households to school meals is so important that Congress required all school districts participating in the National School Lunch Program to directly certify their students for free school meals. H.R. 2 undermines the important link be-tween SNAP and free school meals in the 28 states that have chosen a broad based cat-egorical eligibility option under current 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.017 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4004 May 16, 2018 
rules that expands SNAP eligibility to assist working families that still struggle to make ends meet. According to the Center on Budg-et and Policy Priorities (CBPP), this could impact as many as 265,000 students nation-wide. While students could apply for school meals via a burdensome paper process, there is no guarantee that they will still be eligi-ble for the program or recertified in a timely manner. This would cost their families even more when they have just lost SNAP bene-fits. Further, this puts an enormous adminis-trative burden on schools to revert to a cost-ly paper-based system, Direct Certification for SNAP also pro-vides the foundation for the Community Eli-gibility Provision, a hugely successful option that allows over 20,000 high-poverty schools to offer free breakfast and lunch to their stu-dents. The provision eliminates the need for schools to collect and process school meal applications, which allows schools to focus on providing healthy and appealing meals in-stead of processing paperwork. Schools are eligible to implement community eligibility if at least 40 percent of their students are certified to receive free school meals without submitting an application. Reducing the number of students who are directly certified by changing the rules for broad-based categorical eligibility means that fewer schools will be eligible to imple-ment community eligibility, and many schools that are eligible will find that it is no longer financially viable, because fewer of their meals would be reimbursed at the free rate. This would increase unnecessary paper-work for schools and inhibit student success. The proposed changes in H.R. 2 to broad- based categorical eligibility will result in working families losing much needed food benefits. It also means that their children could lose free school meals, amplifying the negative impact of the cut. It will mean more children go hungry at home as well as at school. The bill further imposes aggressive new work requirements, which are unnecessary, unworkable and likely to do more harm than good. It would require SNAP participants ages 18 through 59 who are not disabled or raising a child under 6 to prove—every month—that they’re working at least 20 hours a week, participating at least 20 hours a week in a work program, or a combination of the two. These new requirements would force states to develop large new bureauc-racies that would need to track millions of SNAP recipients, but likely would do little to boost employment, particularly given that the new funding provided in the bill for job training and work slots would amount to just $30 per month for those recipients who need a work slot to retain SNAP benefits, ac-cording to the CBPP. Further, the require-ments would leave low-income people with barriers to employment—such as limited job skills or family members with illness—with neither earnings nor food assistance. We also have particular concern about amendments filed for Rules Committee con-sideration that would undermine the nutri-tion guidelines for school meals programs. These guidelines are currently being imple-mented in schools, and have already led to increased fruit and vegetable consumption by students. Good nutrition is particularly important for students from low-income families, who may eat as many as half of their calories every day at school. Addition-ally, USDA has only recently published an interim rule for school meals that provides additional flexibility on the guidelines for schools. These amendments would only add uncertainty to this process and threaten the nutritional quality of the meals offered to students. We urge you to oppose any amendments that could threaten mandatory safety net programs beyond SNAP, such as Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security, and Temporary Assistance for Needy Families. The bill further includes $65 million in loans and grants administered by the De-partment of Agriculture to support Associa-tion Health Plans (AHP) offered through or-ganizations that will eliminate coverage of essential health benefits (categories of care). These plans may appear to be a less expen-sive option than current small group market plans that include comprehensive coverage and consumer protections. However, in light of recently proposed rules, AHPs will soon not be required to cover services such as pre-scription drugs, mental health and mater-nity care leading to insufficient and inad-equate care for children and adults. We strongly urge you to Vote No on the Farm Bill, any amendments aimed at weak-ening the healthy guidelines for school meals, and any amendments that make it even more difficult for SNAP participants to receive critical nutrition benefits. Sincerely, M
ARCEGAN, Director of Government Relations, National Education Association. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, and I rise in opposition to the rule. SNAP is a lifeline for 40 mil-lion low-income Americans and mil-lions of working families. It is the most effective antihunger program in the country. It is a proven pathway out of poverty for America’s most vulnerable families, and yet, instead of protecting success-ful programs like SNAP, this cruel bill would take over $23 billion in benefits away from children, seniors, veterans, individuals with disabilities, and work-ing families struggling to make ends meet. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle argue that the requirements in this farm bill would help people find work. But if they are really interested in promoting jobs that allow people to care for themselves and their families, I would invite them to consider legisla-tion to raise the minimum wage, en-sure fair work scheduling, provide paid family and medical leave and paid sick days, and address basic living stand-ards. Instead, we are considering a callous farm bill that cuts benefits for those who need it most in order to pay for massive handouts to corporations in the top 1 percent. I urge my colleagues to vote against this rule. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 2 min-utes remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to serve on the Agriculture Committee. I am the ranking member in the Nutrition Subcommittee, and I sat through 23 hearings. I heard Republican witnesses and Democratic witnesses, and all of them said the same thing: the SNAP program is important; don’t mess around with it. I didn’t hear anybody—anybody hint at embracing what is in this farm bill under the nutrition title, a title, by the way, which I, as the ranking member of the Nutrition Subcommittee, didn’t even see until it was made public. My friend from Georgia talks about bipartisanship. I mean, give me a break. I mean, you can say it all you want, but the bottom line is that it doesn’t exist in the Agriculture Com-mittee. The process was offensive, and even more offensive is what the end product is going to do to vulnerable people in this country. You know, this is not a debate about able-bodied adults who aren’t working. You know, that is a very complicated population. I actually asked for a hear-ing on that population, and I was de-nied that right. You ought to know who this population is. It is a com-plicated population. Many of these able-bodied adults without dependents who are not work-ing or who are not in the job training programs are our veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan having dif-ficulty reintegrating in the commu-nity; they are young people graduating out of foster care; they are people with undiagnosed mental illnesses. If we did a hearing, you would know who this population is. This is more than a press release. I am sick and tired of people being stereotyped all the time. And by the way, you punish people who are work-ing. You know, by eliminating broad- based categorical eligibility, there are people right now who are working, who make, you know, between $50,800 a year and maybe $24,000 a year, they work, and they get this benefit to put food on the table. b1415 And yet you are making changes that will deny them that benefit. They are working. You say you want to reward work. Well, what are you thinking when you take this nutrition benefit away from these people, who are doing everything right. When you take this SNAP benefit away from adults, you are taking it away from their children as well. And you heard over and over and over again that when people lose their SNAP benefit, their kids lose ac-cess to a free breakfast and lunch at school. This is awful. Send this bill back to committee. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I told you when we started this de-bate, Mr. Speaker, you were going to hear some passion from my friend from Massachusetts because he is, in fact, passionate. He is a public servant, and he serves his constituency well. But I want to read to you from Polit-ico, one of our Washington, D.C., news-papers, that follows what goes on here 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.012 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4005 May 16, 2018 
in politics. I don’t sit on the Agri-culture Committee, as my friend from Massachusetts does, but Politico re-ported this, as talks around the farm bill broke down in March: 
Bipartisan negotiations over the farm bill stopped— 
There were bipartisan negotiations. Those negotiations stopped, Mr. Speak-er. 
Thursday afternoon, after House Agri-culture Committee ranking member Collin Peterson— 
The ranking Democrat. 
—faced pressure from fellow Democrats, who complained that discussions about changes to the food stamp program were being kept secret. 
My friend from Massachusetts men-tioned that. I have that same frustra-tion on committees that I serve, Mr. Speaker. Very often, the chairman of the committee, who is a Republican, and the ranking member, who is a Democrat, and their subcommittee chairmen very often they get together and have negotiations before rank-and- file Members get involved. It happens, and I am frustrated about it, and my friend from Massachusetts is frustrated about it. 
The development— 
Politico goes on to say. 
—is a considerable blow to the sweeping bill, which was seen by many as one of the only real chances for bipartisanship in this Con-gress. Congress is supposed to reauthorize the farm bill every 5 years, but political wrangling has threatened its fate. Current law expires September 30. Peterson’s decision— 
COLLIN PETERSON is the ranking Democrat. 
—to pause talks comes after House Demo-crats demanded that he stop negotiations until the text of the bill is made to everyone. 
The Democratic Members have made clear that they unanimously oppose the farm bill’s SNAP language as it has been described to them or reported in the press. Well, Mr. Speaker, if when you hear things you don’t like, or see things you don’t like, you leave the negotiating table, I promise you we are going to get a worse result every single time. I go up to this Rules Committee, right up here on the third floor, and we debate and talk and debate and talk and debate and talk hour upon hour upon hour, late into the evening, often into the next morning. I hear things I don’t like. I hear people say things I know are not true. But I don’t pick up my toys and go home. I stay at the table, I debate the issues, and I work through the issues. If it was easy, someone would have done it before this Congress got here. All that is left is hard. My friend from Massachusetts is ab-solutely right, Mr. Speaker. He is abso-lutely right. He is absolutely right. If we are to reform the social safety net, we are going to have to expand bene-fits, not restrict them. He is absolutely right. But if we can’t stay at the table to have that conversation, we are never going to bring people together to get that done. You can’t blame people who follow their self-interest. If the rule says you don’t have to work, you don’t have to work. If the rule says if you work too much, you will lose your benefits, then you don’t work too much. That is crazy to encourage people to stay home. You ought to be encouraging people to seek that next promotion, take on those extra hours, work that overtime. That has always been who we are and what we have done, and we have not taken on that challenge in welfare re-form. I believe we can. I believe we can. I need my colleagues to support this rule today. I need them to support the rule so we can bring up not just the farm bill, so that we can bring up the VA MISSION Act, a bipartisan, bi-cameral bill that will go to the Presi-dent’s desk and change the lives of vet-erans. I need my colleagues to support this rule, not just so we can bring up the farm bill, not just so we can bring up the VA MISSION Act, but so that we can make the harming or threatening the harm of a law enforcement officer a Federal crime, to give the men and women who wear blue across this coun-try the protections they deserve. This is a bipartisan bill, Mr. Speaker, that is going to make a difference for our constituents back home. These are going to be issues that get folks exer-cise, Mr. Speaker. The most difficult issues we take on always do. But if we pass this rule and take up this legislation, we will be one step closer, not just to succeeding for our veterans, not just to succeeding for our law enforcement officers, not just to succeeding on behalf of our farmers, but one step closer to taking on what is a collaborative challenge of how to return the incentives to work to the American people, while keeping the so-cial safety net strong for all of the families that depend on it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, par-liamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Georgia just mischaracterized the very partisan process that occurred in the Agri-culture Committee in which Democrats were totally shut out. I want to know: What are the rem-edies that we have at this point in the debate to be able to correct the record so we can correct the misrepresenta-tions? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has not stated a parliamentary inquiry. That is a matter for debate. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim the time that I have yielded back. I would be happy to yield a portion of it to my friend. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, could I inquire how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia has 5 minutes re-maining. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), my friend. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would say to the gentleman that no-body walked away from the table; only after we were totally shut out of the process. As I mentioned in my opening state-ment—if the gentleman were paying attention—the ranking member, Mr. P
ETERSON , actually tried to offer sug-gestions and was totally shut out. I am the ranking member of the Nu-trition Subcommittee. You mentioned the ranking members usually get in-formed as to what is going on. I didn’t see it until it was made public. This was the most offensive process I have ever witnessed. And, by the way, the product in this ag bill—which I don’t think the gen-tleman has read, based on some of the things he has said—but this final prod-uct does not represent any of the hear-ings we had. So this process in the Agriculture Committee, which has been, histori-cally, probably the most bipartisan committee in the Congress, was basi-cally thrown into chaos as a result of the behavior of the majority. I just say to the gentleman: You can try to spin this all you want, but the bottom line is that this has never hap-pened before. And C
OLLIN PETERSON —I just want to say—is probably the most bipartisan Member of this House. If you can’t strike a bipartisan deal with C
OLLIN PETERSON , you can’t strike a bi-partisan deal with anybody. But that is not what this was about. This was about advancing an agenda, quite frankly, that is going to hurt millions of vulnerable people in this country, and I find it offensive. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for granting my unani-mous consent request to reclaim my time. I do believe that we advantage all of our causes, rather than disadvantage them, by promoting debate. But I want to take issue, Mr. Speak-er. I didn’t mischaracterize anything. I read the media reporting. I will be the first—when you want to have the fake news conversation—there is too much fake news in this country—I will be happy to join you and have that debate with you. But I didn’t mischaracterize a thing. I agree with what my friend had to say about C
OLLIN PETERSON from Min-nesota. He is a fabulous Member, who works as hard as he can on behalf of his constituents to get work done. Nothing in the article I read said C
OLLIN PETER -
SONwalked away from the table. Ev-erything in the article I read said he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.043 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4006 May 16, 2018 
was pressured by his Democratic col-leagues to walk away from the table. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WOODALL. I will not yield again to my friend. I am going to close. I take umbrage at the fact that we would have an opportunity to use each other’s time, and you would use it to continue to say I mischaracterized, that we would have an opportunity to have a discussion, and you would con-tinue to use it to say that folks just aren’t as well informed as you are about those issues. We have opportunities in this Cham-ber to make things better, and we have opportunities to make things worse. And I will say to my friend, Mr. Speak-er, if we take advantage of our oppor-tunities to make things better, I be-lieve that we will. If we take advantage of our opportunities to make things worse, I am absolutely certain that we will. I choose the latter. I choose the lat-ter. A vote in support of this rule is a vote for the latter. I am sorry, I am choosing the former. I am choosing the former. My col-leagues out there are saying: Hey, I know W
OODALL ; that is not right. He is not choosing to make things worse. I choose the former, Mr. Speaker. I choose the former. A vote for this rule is a vote for the former. Mr. Speaker, I apologize to the Chair for my confusion. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 891 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5805) to designate cer-tain amounts authorized to be appropriated for the provision by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs of hospital care and medical services in non-Department of Veterans Af-fairs facilities pursuant to contracts as changes in concepts and definitions for cer-tain budgetary purposes, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and ranking minority members of the Commit-tees on Veterans’ Affairs and the Budget. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 5805. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Adoption of the resolution, if or-dered; and The motion to suspend the rules on S. 35. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 230, nays 184, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 185] YEAS—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4007 May 16, 2018 
Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Beyer Brown (MD) Cicilline DeGette Gabbard Gonzalez (TX) Johnson (GA) Labrador McNerney Richmond Rogers (KY) Rush Webster (FL) 
b1449 Mr. SUOZZI changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 185. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 185, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 186] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rush Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Beyer Brown (MD) Butterfield Cooper DeGette Gabbard Issa Labrador McNerney Poe (TX) Richmond Rogers (KY) Webster (FL) 
b1457 Mr. CUMMINGS changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN RECOGNI-TION OF NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. REICHERT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, this week is National Police Week. Yester-day was National Peace Officers Memo-rial Day, a day that we stop and pause 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.014 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4008 May 16, 2018 
and honor the fallen officers across this Nation who have given their lives to protect our families and communities across this great Nation. Some of you, last year, experienced this bravery and courage firsthand. All of us were affected by the friends who were present when they were in danger and our Capitol Police came to their rescue. As some of you know, I had a 33-year law enforcement career before coming to Congress. I lost two of my best friends. One was shot and one was stabbed. These are brave, courageous people, but they are not only that. They have been blessed with the heart of a serv-ant. They have been blessed with that gift to put other’s lives before theirs, and that is what you saw last year, those of you on the baseball field. There was no hesitation. They were there for you, as were my friends for the citizens that lived in their patrol district. Mr. Speaker, I have embraced the families, the friends, the partners, the children, and the spouses, and there are no words in that moment when the world is spinning out of control. There are no words when the world comes crashing down. There are no words. There is only silence and tears. Mr. Speaker, this is my last year in Congress. This is my last time that I will ask you all to join with me in a moment of silence and tears with the families who have lost their loved ones in the line of duty. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will Members and all visitors in the gallery please stand and join us for a moment of silence. 
f 
BLACK HILLS NATIONAL CEME-TERY BOUNDARY EXPANSION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 35) to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Sec-retary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 407, nays 0, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 187] YEAS—407 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—20 
Beyer Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Butterfield DeGette Faso Gabbard Himes Huffman Issa Johnson (OH) Labrador McCarthy McNerney Perry Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Richmond Rogers (KY) Webster (FL) 
b1509 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to travel back to Washington due to illness. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 184, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 185, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 186, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 187. 
f 
REQUESTING THE SENATE TO RE-TURN TO THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES THE BILL H.R. 4743 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged resolution, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 899 Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives request the Senate to return to the House the bill (H.R. 4743) entitled ‘‘To amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes.’’. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Aug 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\MAY\H16MY8.REC H16MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4009 May 16, 2018 
PROTECT AND SERVE ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 891, I call up the bill (H.R. 5698) to amend title 18, United States Code, to punish criminal offenses targeting law enforcement of-ficers, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). Pursuant to House Resolution 891, the bill is consid-ered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5698 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protect and Serve Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. CRIMES TARGETING LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 120. Crimes targeting law enforcement offi-cers ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Whoever, in any cir-cumstance described in subsection (b), know-ingly causes serious bodily injury to a law enforcement officer, or attempts to do so— ‘‘(1) shall be imprisoned not more than 10 years, fined in accordance with this title, or both; and ‘‘(2) shall be imprisoned for any term of years or for life, fined in accordance with this title, or both, if— ‘‘(A) death results from the offense; or ‘‘(B) the offense includes kidnapping or an attempt to kidnap, or an attempt to kill. ‘‘(b) C
IRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED .—For pur- poses of subsection (a), the circumstances described in this subparagraph are that— ‘‘(1) the conduct described in subsection (a) occurs during the course of, or as the result of, the travel of the defendant or the vic-tim— ‘‘(A) across a State line or national border; or ‘‘(B) using a channel, facility, or instru-mentality of interstate or foreign commerce; ‘‘(2) the defendant uses a channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); ‘‘(3) in connection with the conduct de-scribed in subsection (a), the defendant em-ploys a firearm, dangerous weapon, explosive or incendiary device, or other weapon that has traveled in interstate or foreign com-merce; ‘‘(4) the conduct described in subsection (a)— ‘‘(A) interferes with commercial or other economic activity in which the victim is en-gaged at the time of the conduct; or ‘‘(B) otherwise affects interstate or foreign commerce; or ‘‘(5) the victim is a Federal law enforce-ment officer. ‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No prosecution of any of-fense described in this section may be under-taken by the United States, except under the certification in writing of the Attorney Gen-eral, or a designee, that— ‘‘(A) the State does not have jurisdiction; ‘‘(B) the State has requested that the Fed-eral Government assume jurisdiction; ‘‘(C) the verdict or sentence obtained pur-suant to State charges left demonstratively unvindicated the Federal interest in pro-tecting the public safety; or ‘‘(D) a prosecution by the United States is in the public interest and necessary to se-cure substantial justice. ‘‘(2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority of Federal officers, or a Fed-eral grand jury, to investigate possible viola-tions of this section. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) L
AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The term ‘law enforcement officer’ means an employee of a governmental or public agency who is authorized by law— ‘‘(A) to engage in or supervise the preven-tion, detention, investigation, or the incar-ceration of any person for any criminal vio-lation of law; and ‘‘(B) to apprehend or arrest a person for any criminal violation of law. ‘‘(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, or any commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘120. Crimes targeting law enforcement offi-cers.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. After 1 hour debate on the bill, it shall be in order to consider the further amend-ment printed in part A of House Report 115–677, if offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) or his designee, which shall be considered read, and shall be separately debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON  
ADOPTING AMENDMENT TO H .R. 5698 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting the amendment to H.R. 5698 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material to H.R. 5698. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. b1515 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. On October 15, 1991, the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial was dedicated to honor Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice for the safety and protection of our Nation and its people. The memorial features two curving, 304-foot-long, blue-gray marble walls. Carved on these walls are the names of more than 21,000 officers who have been killed in the line of duty throughout U.S. history, dating back to the first known death in 1791. Each spring, law enforcement officers from around the country gather in Washington, D.C., for Peace Officers Memorial Day. For a week, these men and women attend events to celebrate and honor those law enforcement offi-cers who have made the ultimate sac-rifice. Each year, there is a memorial service in which the names of fallen of-ficers are added to the long, curving marble walls of the memorial. Unfortu-nately, the list of names keeps growing and shows no signs of slowing down. That is why today I am pleased we are considering the Protect and Serve Act. This bill is designed to ensure those who seek to harm police officers face swift and certain justice. In recent years, the brave and dedi-cated men and women in blue who serve our communities are facing in-creased levels of hostility and violence. The increasing levels of hostility to-wards the law enforcement community have given rise to an increase in am-bush-style attacks on police officers. In 2016 alone, 64 police officers were shot and killed in the line of duty, 21 of whom were killed in ambush-style at-tacks. According to CNN, in the first 17 weeks of this year, 21 law enforcement officers across the U.S. have been shot and killed in the line of duty. That averages out to more than one death every week. Only a few weeks ago, on April 19, 2018, two sheriff’s deputies were gunned down and killed in a suspected ambush while they were eating at a restaurant in Gainesville, Florida. To address this threat to the brave police, who put their lives on the line each day across our country, the Pro-tect and Serve Act allows for Federal prosecution of criminals who know-ingly assault law enforcement officers and cause serious bodily harm or at-tempt to do so. This bill applies to both Federal law enforcement officers and State and local officers where there is a nexus to interstate commerce. Importantly, Mr. Speaker, this legis-lation recognizes that most often these crimes are wholly within the jurisdic-tion of a State to prosecute. Therefore, in addition to other requirements in the bill to ensure a Federal connection, H.R. 5698 states specifically that pros-ecution under this new statute may only be pursued if the Attorney Gen-eral certifies that, one, the State does not have jurisdiction; two, the State has requested that the Federal Govern-ment assume jurisdiction; three, the verdict or sentence obtained pursuant to State charges left demonstrably unvindicated the Federal interest in protecting the public safety; or, four, a prosecution by the United States is in the public interest and necessary to se-cure substantial justice. This is a critical part of the bill. It will ensure that the Federal power is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.053 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4010 May 16, 2018 
reserved for particularly egregious cases. At the dedication of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, President George H. W. Bush aptly stated: ‘‘Carved on these walls is the story of America, of a continuing quest to preserve both democracy and de-cency, and to protect a national treas-ure that we call the American Dream.’’ Today, we continue to recognize this special role police officers play in our society. The Protect and Serve Act sends a uniform message that our country will not tolerate attacks on police which purposefully attempt to undermine the State, sow chaos in our communities, and wreck the lives of many of our finest citizens and their families. I urge my colleagues to send a uni-form message today by addressing the grave crisis threatening both our com-munities and the brave men and women in blue who put their lives on the line each day. I would like to thank my Judiciary Committee colleagues, especially ca-reer law enforcement officers Sheriff R
UTHERFORD and Chief D EMINGS , for sponsoring this bill. In addition, I want to thank Congressman B
UCK for his years of tireless work to ensure that those who target law enforcement offi-cers are punished. Finally, I want to recognize the po-lice organizations who have worked with us so diligently on this and many other bills, including the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Associa-tion of Police Organizations, the Major County Sheriffs of America, the Na-tional Sheriffs’ Association, the Fed-eral Law Enforcement Officers Associa-tion, and the Sergeants Benevolent As-sociation, among many others. I thank them. We all salute them for their steadfast commitment and dedicated service. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Protect and Serve Act, while rooted in laudable goals, will not strengthen protections for law enforcement officers, and it fails to make meaningful reforms that would improve police-community relations. Although I will not oppose the bill, I believe that its consideration today re-flects a wasted opportunity. This legislation would create a new offense under title 18 of the U.S. Code for the crime of targeting law enforce-ment officers. Current law, however, at both the Federal and State level al-ready makes it a crime. It is not clear why this bill changes the law in any meaningful way. No Member of Congress questions the difficulty, danger, and stress associated with being a police officer. A white paper commissioned by the Ruderman Family Foundation reported that, last year, 129 peace officers died in the line of duty—46 from shootings—with an ad-ditional 140 reported officer suicides. Since the start of this year, 2018, at least 36 law enforcement officers across the United States have died while on duty, with 24 of the deaths caused by gunfire. Our hearts go out to the families of those officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty. As a result of the risk inherent to po-licing, there is no profession more widely protected under Federal and State law than working in law enforce-ment. All 50 States have laws that en-hance penalties for crimes against peace officers and, in some instances, crimes against the broadly defined cat-egory of first responders. In fact, section 2 of the bill clearly acknowledges that States have pri-mary jurisdictions for attacks on State and local police officers and lays out very narrow circumstances where a Federal nexus would exist. This pre-sents an open question as to whether there would be any instances at all in which the Department of Justice would exercise jurisdiction under this legisla-tion. I would note that my own State of New York has four separate criminal statutes addressing attacks on law en-forcement officers. Moreover, Federal laws already impose a life sentence and, in some circumstances, even the death penalty on persons convicted of killing State and local law enforce-ment officers or other employees as-sisting with Federal investigations. Simply put, the legislation under consideration today does not improve upon this existing legal framework and does not provide any more stringent punishment for anyone under existing law. I want to be clear about the respect that we have for the difficult work un-dertaken by our law enforcement pro-fessionals. While attacks on law en-forcement officials are completely un-acceptable, the existing framework for prosecuting these crimes is more than adequate at both the Federal and State level. If it were not, I would be an ar-dent supporter of this legislation. Rather than advancing a bill that amounts to an empty gesture during Police Week, the Congress should in-stead be focusing on real reform meas-ures that would actually protect law enforcement officers and first respond-ers. We should act on the related problem of well-documented unconstitutional policing practices in communities of color across the United States that have eroded trust between those com-munities and the law enforcement offi-cials sworn to protect them. The Civil Rights Division of the Jus-tice Department currently has 19 con-sent agreements with troubled police departments nationwide. Dating back to the mid-1990s, every region of the country has suffered some kind of high- profile incident. Adding to community concerns are the increasingly well-documented inci-dents of unjustified deadly force against unarmed victims in police-ci-vilian encounters. More than 50 percent of the unarmed victims in these fatal encounters with police were people of color. The goal of protecting police officer safety would be well served by working to foster law enforcement reforms aimed at helping local jurisdictions meet their constitutional obligation of fair and unbiased policing and the re-sulting better trust between the com-munities and the police in their midst. As we have debated the Protect and Serve Act, I have been encouraged by the expressed commitment by Chair-man GOODLATTE and the bill’s sponsor, Representative R
UTHERFORD , to work with me on bringing the Judiciary Committee’s balanced work on law en-forcement accountability out into the open with hearings and the introduc-tion of legislation. We should care equally about harms by and against po-lice officers and their impact on local communities. We should care about the harms on local communities because of that harm and also because of the fact that it undoubtedly leads to distrust, which in turn leads to greater violence against police officers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ), who is the chief sponsor of the legislation and a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE and Rep-resentative N
ADLER for their support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5698, the Protect and Serve Act of 2018. This important bill will enhance penalties for anyone who intentionally causes harm to our law enforcement officers. I can tell you after dedicating 40 years of my life to law enforcement, I know what officers go through every day when they put that uniform on, say goodbye to their families, and walk out the door to protect their commu-nities. Sadly, we have seen a recent rash in increase in violence against officers, especially in ambush-style attacks. In fact, just last month in Florida, Ser-geant Noel Ramirez and Deputy Taylor Lindsey were eating lunch and were specifically targeted and assassinated in that restaurant simply because they were police officers and wore that blue uniform. They are not alone. So far this year, 87 law enforcement officers have been shot in the line of duty, 28 of whom ultimately lost their lives. Mr. Speaker, this is a 75-percent in-crease over last year. For this reason, I introduced bipartisan legislation with my good friend and former Orlando po-lice chief, Representative V
AL D
EMINGS , that will ensure that there are the strongest possible penalties for anyone who decides to target and harm 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.055 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4011 May 16, 2018 
not only Federal law enforcement offi-cers but also local and State law en-forcement officers. We worked on this bill closely with the Fraternal Order of Police, and I am proud to have earned the support of the National Association of Police Organi-zations, the Sergeants Benevolent As-sociation, and the Major County Sher-iffs of America, which represents thou-sands of officers across the country. This week, we remember the officers who have given their lives protecting our communities, and we, as Members of Congress, must show the law en-forcement community across the coun-try that we support them and the im-portant work that they do day in and day out. We must also show those who wish to target police officers with violence that those attacks will not be toler-ated. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I should mention—I think I would be remiss if I didn’t— that just yesterday morning, in Jack-sonville, Florida, as mentioned earlier by my good friend from Washington, Dave Reichert—Sheriff Reichert—held a moment of silence for those officers who have given their lives in service to this community. Yesterday morning, about 4 o’clock in the morning during a horrible storm in Jacksonville, Offi-cer Lance Whitaker gave his life on Law Enforcement Memorial Day in service to our community. I have to say, Police Week and Law Enforcement Memorial Day always re-mind me of the words of Ralph Waldo Emerson, who said that the purpose in life is not to be happy; it is to be use-ful. It is to be honorable. It is to be compassionate, and it is to know that you made a difference because you lived and you lived well. Mr. Speaker, I offer this bill in mem-ory of Officer Lance Whitaker, who died yesterday morning living well. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), who is the distinguished ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee. b1530 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was honored just a few minutes ago to be on the floor of the House with the chairman of the committee, Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE ; the ranking member, Mr. N AD-
LER; the proponent of this bill, Mr. R
UTHERFORD ; and our Democratic pro-ponent, Mrs. D
EMINGS , to honor those fallen officers with a moment of silence in the most powerful lawmaking body in the world, to acknowledge to the Na-tion and to the world that we stand united in honoring those who have fall-en in the call of duty. I would like to express my deepest gratitude during National Police Week to all the brave men and women who continue to give of themselves self-lessly. I also acknowledge my own hometown leadership: Sheriff Gonzalez, and, of course, our distinguished chief of police; all of the assistant chiefs, deputy sheriffs, and leadership; con-stables and their deputy constables; Texas rangers; and, of course, our Fed-eral officers, over which this com-mittee has jurisdiction. We thank not only them for their service, but also the families whose loved ones have fall-en in battle. This is not a discussion of the respect and admiration we have for officers, and there is no argument regarding the difficulty, danger, and stress associated with being a police officer. We all have seen the reports that show, in 2017, 129 police officers died in the line of duty; 46 of those brave men and women were shot, while 140, tragically, committed suicide. That says a lot about the toll this type of profession takes on a per-son physically, psychologically, men-tally, and on their families. The risks inherent in policing re-sulted in numerous statutes that deal with protecting our law enforcement officers via Federal and State law. Our law enforcement officers are most pro-tected under our laws, and, in some in-stances, the statutes give life and the death penalty for such crimes. Even crimes against the broadly defined cat-egory of first responders are well ad-dressed under Federal and State law. My State of Texas has several crimi-nal statutes addressing attacks on law enforcement officers; therefore, this legislation may be deemed to be a du-plicate legal framework. But I want to propose to my colleagues, as I did when we sat together at the Rules Com-mittee, that we can work together in moving forward. I do want to say on this legislation that it does frame itself on the focus of the targeting of law enforcement. As well, it recognizes that the first pros-ecution level will be State and local laws to protect or bring to justice those who have shot police officers. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to be clear that I respect the bill that is moving forward but recognize that we really need to do more. One of the points that I want to make is this new law does not have mandatory minimums. It does allow the discretion of the judge, but I be-lieve that there are issues that our civil rights groups have raised that are legitimate. This bill is being contemplated dur-ing a time when our country is in need of a new look at the Nation’s 18,000 law enforcement agencies. I hope my col-league, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , as we have honored those together who have fall-en, will join us in the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act that will pro-vide for the opportunity for credentialing, professional develop-ment training and counseling, deesca-lation training that is necessary for our officers, and join in the enhance-ments of police-community relations. This will be a true tribute to our offi-cers and, as well, provide a framework of protecting their lives as we engage the community in more coming to-gether between police and community. I hope, again, that we move together as a committee and that the police working group will produce this kind of legislation. I support the Protect and Serve Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my deepest gratitude during this National Police Week, to all the brave men and women that continue to give of themselves selflessly. There is no argument regarding the dif-ficulty, danger and stress associated with being a police officer. We have all seen the reports that show in 2017, 129 police officers died in the line of duty. 46 of those brave men and women were shot, while 140 committed suicides. That says a lot about the toll this type of profession takes on a person both physical, psycho-logically and mentally. The risk inherent in policing resulted in nu-merous statutes with vast protection via fed-eral and state law. Our law enforcement offi-cers are most protected under our laws and in some instances life and the death penalty are imposed for such crimes. Even crimes against the broadly defined category of first responders are well ad-dressed under federal and state law. For example, my state of Texas has several criminal statutes addressing attacks on law enforcement officers. Therefore, this legislation is duplicative in nature and does not improve current legal framework for crimes against law enforcement officers. I want to be clear about the respect that we have for the difficult work undertaken by our law enforcement professionals. However, as Mr. Chairman said at Rules yesterday in agreement with my concerns, we cannot ig-nore the danger in taking such a one-sided approach to the issue of police practices. Many of the civil rights groups have raised legitimate concerns. For example, this bill is being contemplated during a time when our country is in the throes of a national policing crisis, with a never-ending stream of police shootings of unarmed African americans cap-tured on video. While I support protection for our officers, I am also troubled by the message this may send to all those impacted daily by the vio-lence perpetrated by the bad apples within law enforcement. We should focus on real reform measures like the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act that will protect law enforcement, first re-sponders, and their communities. Over the years, well-documented, unconsti-tutional policing practices in communities of color across the United States have eroded trust between these communities and the law enforcement officials sworn to protect them. Almost 1,000 people were killed by police in 2017 according to the Washington Post. An-other outlet estimates over 1,100 police-re-lated fatalities last year, with people of color representing more than 50 percent of those unarmed during fatal encounters with police. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.056 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4012 May 16, 2018 
In the two years since the creation of the Judiciary bipartisan Policing Strategies Work-ing Group, the Committee has advanced no police reform legislation. The country’s interests would be better served by working to foster law enforcement reforms aimed at helping local jurisdictions meet their constitutional obligation of fair and unbiased policing. Repeatedly pursuing legis-lation, such as H.R. 5698, will sow seeds of division by ignoring the realities of police ac-countability issues, thus ultimately under-mining public safety. We should care equally about harms by and against police officers and their impact on local communities. Out of respect for all who have lost their lives over the last year—both law enforcement and civilian—we must dedicate ourselves to engaging the difficult issues in reforming po-lice practices to make lasting change in our communities. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), a gentleman who can speak well of the role that law en-forcement officers play in saving lives. He is the chief majority whip of the House of Representatives. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for yield-ing. I thank my colleague from Florida for bringing forward this important bill, the Protect and Serve Act, and es-pecially, Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate law enforcement week nationally, a time to really thank those men and women who serve and put their uni-form on every day to protect us, pro-tect our communities, and keep our country and communities safe. I know all too well just that value and importance of having law enforce-ment and why they serve such an im-portant role. Nearly a year ago, when we had the shooting in Virginia where a gunman targeted Members of Con-gress, it was those very law enforce-ment officers—in this case, our United States Capitol Police—who were the heroes who went toward the danger and confronted and took down the shooter, along with Virginia police who joined in as well. While they were risking their lives for us, they took on gunfire. They were shot themselves. In this case, it was United States Capitol Police David Bailey and Crystal Griner, who were just recently awarded incredible honors from the President and national law enforcement organizations for their he-roic bravery. They went towards the fire, but they were shot and continued to take down and confront the shooter. Why this bill is so important is be-cause it hardens penalties against any criminal who would target law enforce-ment officers. They deserve this pro-tection. We have seen too often, in the last 2 years, where police officers were targeted by people because they wore the badge and because they are part of the thin blue line. We need to stand with them. We need to make it crystal clear that we are going to be standing with them and we are going to have their back. More often than not, they are the ones who have our back. That is why this bill is so important, Mr. Speaker. I rise in strong support and urge all of my colleagues to support this impor-tant legislation. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the RECORD letters from the National Fraternal Order of Police dated May 9, 2018; the National Asso-ciation of Police Organizations, Inc., dated May 16, 2018; the Sergeants Be-nevolent Association, dated May 8, 2018; and the National Sheriffs’ Asso-ciation, dated May 7, 2018, all endorsing this legislation. 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL ORDER OF POLICE , Washington, DC, 9 May 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN O. M CCARTHY , Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY P. P ELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. S
TENY H. H OYER , Minority Whip, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER AND REPRESENTATIVES  M
CCARTHY , PELOSI AND HOYER : I am writing on behalf of the members of the Fraternal Order of Police to advise you of our strong support for H.R. 5698, the ‘‘Protect and Serve Act,’’ which was favorably reported by the House Committee on the Judiciary earlier today and to urge that it be considered next week during National Police Week. The legislation, introduced by Representa-tive John H. Rutherford (R–FL), a former sheriff, and Val V. Demings (D–FL), a former police chief, would impose Federal penalties on individuals who deliberately target local, State or Federal law enforcement officers with violence. This year 87 officers have been shot in the line of duty and 28 of them were killed. Far too many of these murdered offi-cers were slain in ambush as was the case with Sergeant Noel Ramirez and Deputy Sheriff Taylor Lindsey of the Gilchrist Coun-ty Sheriff’s Department in Florida. These two officers were having lunch together when they were assassinated by a man who fired through the restaurant’s window to kill them before turning the weapon on himself. Similarly, the violent transnational crimi-nal organization MS–13 called for the assas-sinations of police officers in New York so the gang could ‘‘take back the streets’’—a move clearly intended to intimidate the men and women in uniform. Ambush attacks like this are increasing at an alarming rate. A report issued by the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation on the motiva-tions of cop-killers revealed that many of these attacks are motivated by a hatred or animus toward law enforcement officers. This same report stated that these killers felt that the communities and elected offi-cials no longer supported their officers and they would not face serious penalties for their actions. We must change this perspec-tive and we believe the ‘‘Protect and Serve Act’’ will do just that. We appreciate, as always, your leadership and your support for law enforcement offi-cers and the families of those who fell in the line of duty. As our nation comes together to honor these heroes during National Police Week, I hope the House will consider taking this legislation up on the floor and passing it. On behalf of the more than 335,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police, thank you for considering our view on this important legislation. If I can provide any additional support for this bill or on any other matter, please do not hesitate to contact me or my Senior Advisor, Jim Pasco, in my Wash-ington, D.C. office. Sincerely, CHUCK CANTERBURY , National President. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  P
OLICE ORGANIZATIONS , INC., Alexandria, Virginia, May 16, 2018. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMEMBERS OF CONGRESS : On behalf of the National Association of Police Organiza-tions (NAPO), I am writing to you to advise you of our strong support for H.R. 5698, the Protect and Serve Act. NAPO is a coalition of police units and as-sociations from across the United States that serves to advance the interests of Amer-ica’s law enforcement through legislative and legal advocacy, political action, and edu-cation. Founded in 1978, NAPO now rep-resents more than 1,000 police units and asso-ciations, 241,000 sworn law enforcement offi-cers, and more than 100,000 citizens who share a common dedication to fair and effec-tive crime control and law enforcement. The Protect and Serve Act of 2018 provides for new criminal provisions for deliberate, targeted attacks on officers. This bill is crit-ical, as there is a serious and growing trend of armed attacks on law enforcement offi-cers. According to a December 2017 report from the Office of Community Oriented Po-licing Services (COPS) and the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, 2016 saw a significant increase in ambush attacks on unsuspecting officers, with 21 shot and killed. 61% of those officers were not answer-ing a call for service or engaged in enforce-ment action or performing official duties— they were targeted and killed just for the uniform they wore. 12 officers were murdered sitting in their patrol cars. NAPO has long been fighting to establish stricter penalties for those who harm or tar-get for harm law enforcement officers. Any persons contemplating harming an officer must know that they will face serious pun-ishments. NAPO strongly believes that in-creased penalties make important dif-ferences in the attitudes of criminals toward public safety officers, and ensure protection for the community. On May 13th, 360 American law enforce-ment heroes, who gave their lives in the line of duty, were honored at the 30th Annual Candlelight Vigil. In memory of those offi-cers and in the hope of ensuring there are fewer names added to the memorial walls next year, we ask that you join us in sup-porting H.R. 5698, the Protect and Serve Act. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM J. JOHNSON , Esq., CAE, Executive Director. 
SERGEANTS BENEVOLENT ASSOCIA -
TION, POLICE DEPARTMENT , CITY 
OFNEWYORK, New York, NY, May 8, 2018. Hon. R
OBERT GOODLATTE , Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. J
ERROLD NADLER , Ranking Member, House Committee on the Judi-ciary, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN AND REPRESENTATIVE  N
ADLER : I am writing on behalf of the more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.023 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4013 May 16, 2018 
than 13,000 members of the Sergeants Benev-olent Association of the New York City Po-lice Department (SBA) to thank you for scheduling the markup of the ‘‘Protect and Serve Act.’’ The SBA strongly supports this important officer safety legislation and we respectfully request that the Committee ad-vance it to the full House of Representatives as expeditiously as possible. Unfortunately for law enforcement officers today, it is a simple fact that they must maintain constant vigilance to the threats posed by those who seek to do them harm for nothing more than the badge and uniform they wear. It is a vigilance borne out of what we have seen in recent years, as far too many officers have made the ultimate sac-rifice at the hands of cowardly criminals who have intentionally targeted law enforcement officers for violence. Last month’s ambush attack in Gilchrist, Florida that claimed the lives of Sgt. Noel Ramirez and Deputy Tay-lor Lindsey is just the latest example of the rise in violence carried out on federal, state, and local law enforcement. We have seen similar attacks in Baton Rouge and Dallas in 2016, as well as the assassination of our own NYPD Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu in December 2014. According to a recent joint study conducted by the COPS Program and the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, between 2010–2016 there were 81 officers killed in ambush-style attacks— targeted specifically because they were uni-formed police or deputies. Of this number, 25 of the officers attacked were responding to a call for service at the time of the ambush. Because these types of attacks threaten to unravel the basic social fabric of our Na-tion—the rule of law—they must be met with the harshest of penalties. It is for these reasons and many others that our organization is proud to support the ‘‘Protect and Serve Act,’’ which will help to address the rise in attacks on, and increase the protection of, state and local law en-forcement. Specifically, the bill aims to combat targeted violence against law en-forcement officers by creating a new federal crime for perpetrating, or attempting to per-petrate, deliberate acts of violence against federal, state, and local law enforcement of-ficers. It would also permit the U.S. Depart-ment of Justice (DOJ) to assume jurisdiction and prosecute these heinous attacks on law enforcement in those instances where the state has requested that DOJ assume juris-diction, or where federal prosecution is in the public interest in order to secure justice. Penalties under the act would range from up to 10 years in federal prison to a life sentence if death results from the offense, or the of-fense involved kidnapping, attempted kid-napping, or an attempt to kill. On behalf of the membership of the Ser-geants Benevolent Association, thank you again for your consideration of this impor-tant legislation. Please do not hesitate to contact me, or our Washington Representa-tives, if we can be of any further assistance. Sincerely, E
DMULLINS , President. 
NATIONAL SHERIFFS ’ ASSOCIATION , Alexandria, VA, May 7, 2018. Congressman J
OHNRUTHERFORD , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE RUTHERFORD : On be- half of the National Sheriffs’ Association (NSA) and the more than 3,000 elected sher-iffs nationwide, we write to endorse The Pro-tect and Serve Act of 2018. We believe that your proposal of this bill is necessary and vi-tally important to the safety and protection of our country’s federal, state, and local law enforcement. Each day deputies and officers put their lives on the line to protect and serve their communities. They are the mainstays of our communities, and should be treated with re-spect. Egregious acts such as targeting, in-juring, or killing a law enforcement officer should be punishable to the highest degree according to the severity of the crime. The National Sheriffs’ Association strong-ly supports The Protect and Serve Act of 2018 as it works to punish individuals who com-mit crimes targeting law enforcement offi-cers. We believe this bill is an essential to further defend the safety of our nation’s law enforcement officers. Sincerely, JONATHAN F. T HOMPSON , Executive Director and CEO. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I stated at the outset of debate today, I will not oppose this bill, although it merely duplicates ex-isting law. It does not add any protec-tion for the police and does not in-crease any penalty for someone who as-saults a police officer. I am not inter-ested in falling into the trap of oppos-ing what amounts to a messaging bill brought forth during Police Week. But I want to be clear that I believe H.R. 5698 represents a wasted oppor-tunity and appears tone-deaf to some of the real struggles happening in com-munities across our Nation. This bill is being contemplated at a time when our country is in the throes of a national policing crisis, with a never-ending stream of police shootings of unarmed African Americans captured on video. Creating a new, yet superfluous crime for offenses committed against law enforcement is not a great idea be-cause it doesn’t do anything. It is par-ticularly not a great idea when we are ignoring the other problem that adds to the danger for police officers, which is the disconnectedness and estrange-ment of many police forces from the communities they serve. I hope this Congress will now get back to the difficult work of legis-lating meaningful solutions. I am en-couraged that my Republican col-leagues have made a commitment to pursue balanced law enforcement ac-countability reform with hearings and, hopefully, the introduction of legisla-tion. There is much work to be done. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from various civil rights and civil liberties groups relative to this bill. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 15, 2018. Re Coalition Opposition to H.R. 5698, the Protect and Serve Act of 2018. D
EARMEMBERS OF CONGRESS : On behalf of the 28 undersigned civil rights, civil lib-erties, faith-based, and government account-ability organizations, we write to urge you to oppose H.R. 5698, the Protect and Serve Act of 2018, which creates a new crime for of-fenses that target law enforcement officers. First, police already have substantial pro-tections under federal and state law, ren-dering this bill superfluous. Second, this bill signals that there is a ‘‘war on police,’’ which is not only untrue, but an unhelpful and dangerous narrative to uplift. And fi-nally, bills similar to Protect and Serve that have been introduced in states around the country—so called ‘‘Blue Lives Matter’’ bills—appear to be a political response to the growing national movement for police ac-countability in the face of continued killings and assaults of unarmed African Americans; therefore, this bill is divisive and will have a negative impact on the relationship between law enforcement and the communities they serve. i. Federal and state criminal laws already offer ample protection to police officers. Federal law already has extremely strong penalties for people who commit crimes against law enforcement officers and other public officials. For example, federal laws impose a life sentence or death penalty on persons convicted of first-degree murder of federal employees or officers, killing state and local law enforcement officers or other employees assisting with federal investiga-tions and killing officers of the U.S. courts. All fifty states have laws that enhance pen-alties for people who commit offenses against law enforcement officers, including for homicide and assault. Moreover, there is no record that crimes against law enforcement go unprosecuted or are otherwise treated frivolously There is no record to suggest that prosecutors are un-willing or unable to charge individuals with crimes against law enforcement. In fact, crimes against police officers are treated as among the most heinous criminal acts, given the high degree of culpability and punish-ment attached to such crimes. II. The Protect and Serve Act does not ad-vance any stated policy goals, because law enforcement is not subject to increasing or widespread attacks. There is no doubt that police work is a dangerous undertaking, but the reality is that there has been a continuing decline in the number of officers killed or assaulted in the line of duty over the last several decades. In the past ten years, the number of officers feloniously killed has fluctuated, yet not sig-nificantly increased or decreased, as have ambush-style killings of officers. Given these facts, this bill perpetuates a false narrative that police are under increasing attack by their communities. Such a message is unhelpful and unsupported. Furthermore, the Protect and Serve Act does nothing to meaningfully improve officer safety and wellness if that is an intended policy goal. For example, it does not call for support services, better training, improved safety measures, increased supervision, or any of the other multiple measures available to law enforcement that are widely accepted as promoting officer safety and wellbeing. III. Protect and Serve Act is polarizing and harms community-police relations. This bill is being contemplated at a time when our country is in the throes of a na-tional policing crisis, with a never-ending stream of police shootings of unarmed Afri-can Americans captured on video. Creating a new, yet superfluous, crime for offenses com-mitted against law enforcement is a particu-larly disconnected and non-responsive policy choice. Unfortunately, the Protect and Serve Act is similar to other ‘‘Blue Lives Matter’’ type bills that create new criminal offenses and penalty enhancements for crimes against police. Collectively, these policy efforts, which have sprung up amid the national call for po-lice accountability, appear to be a political response to the powerful activism of grass-roots movements that demand fair and con-stitutional policing. Rather than focusing on policies that address issues of police exces-sive force, biased policing, and other police 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.025 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4014 May 16, 2018 
practices that have failed these commu-nities, the Protect and Serve Act’s aim is to further criminalize. This bill will be received as yet another attack on these communities and threatens to exacerbate what is already a discriminatory system of mass incarcer-ation in this country. Continuing to under-mine police-community relations in this manner sows seeds of division, which ulti-mately threatens public safety and under-mines the work of law enforcement. For the reasons summarized above, we urge you to vote against the Protect and Serve Act as it comes before the U.S. House of Representatives. There is no justification for creating a new crime for offenses com-mitted against law enforcement. At a time when we need to foster healing between law enforcement and our communities, we should not be considering legislation which not only does nothing to advance the goal of officer safety, but will further erode the relation-ship between police and communities. Thank you for your consideration of this matter. If you have any questions, please contact Kanya Bennett of the ACLU; Sakira Cook of The Leadership Conference or Sonia Gill Hernandez of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc. Sincerely, American Civil Liberties Union; Anti-Defa-mation League; Campaign for Youth Justice; Church of Scientology National Affairs Of-fice; CLASP; The Daniel Initiative; Defend-ing Rights & Dissent; Friends Committee on National Legislation; Human Rights Watch; Government Information Watch; Law En-forcement Action Partnership; The Leader-ship Conference on Civil and Human Rights; Muslim Advocates; NAACP. NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc.; National Action Network; Na-tional Association of Criminal Defense Law-yers; National Association of Social Work-ers; National Bar Association; National Cen-ter for Transgender Equality; Nation Council of Jewish Women; The National Council for Incarcerated and Formerly Incarcerated Women and Girls; National Council of Churches; People for the American Way; PolicyLink; South Asian Americans Leading Together; Southern Poverty Law Center; StoptheDrugWar.org. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I just want to make it very clear how important this legislation is for pro-tecting law enforcement officers be-cause it sends a message that we are going to handle these cases in a new way. Some have criticized this bill, claim-ing that it is a hate crime. While I share those individuals’ concerns about Federal hate crime statutes, I am pleased to tell the Members of this Congress that this bill before us did not create a new Federal hate crime. That is because the legislation does not use the language from the hate crime stat-ute that requires the government prove the defendant acted ‘‘because of the ac-tual or perceived’’ status of the victim. What this bill does is penalize know-ingly attacking a law enforcement offi-cer. Given the increase in ambush-style attacks on law enforcement, which was detailed earlier, this bill represents a solution to a growing problem: the kill-ing of police officers. It is narrowly tai-lored to accomplish that goal. Therefore, I want to assure those Members who may be concerned about its intent that it is definitely not changing our Federal hate crime stat-utes. This legislation this week, National Police Week, sends an important signal not just to our Nation’s law enforce-ment officers, 900,000 strong, but far be-yond that, to all Americans, that we are placing a very, very high priority on saving the lives of men and women who put their lives on the line to pro-tect us, to protect our freedoms, to protect our opportunities, to protect our families, to protect our commu-nities, and making sure that people who ambush police officers and take police officers’ lives are held fully ac-countable, which is what this bill does. It is a good bill. It is an important bill. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. AMENDMENT NO . 1 PRINTED IN PART A OF HOUSE  
REPORT 115 –677 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, beginning on line 13, strike ‘‘know-ingly causes serious bodily injury to a law enforcement officer’’ and insert ‘‘knowingly assaults a law enforcement officer causing serious bodily injury’’. Beginning on page 5, strike line 24 and all that follows through page 6, line 8, and insert the following: ‘‘(1) L
AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The term ‘law enforcement officer’ means an employee of a governmental or public agency who is authorized by law— ‘‘(A) to engage in or supervise the preven-tion, detection, or the investigation of any criminal violation of law; or ‘‘(B) to engage in or supervise the deten-tion or the incarceration of any person for any criminal violation of law.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 891, the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This amendment makes two small, but important changes to the under-lying legislation. It first clarifies the language of the bill to assure those who are prosecuted are acting with some level of intent in injuring a police officer. It does this by changing the language from ‘‘know-ingly causing serious bodily injury to a law enforcement officer’’ to ‘‘know-ingly assaults a law enforcement offi-cer causing serious bodily harm.’’ This change will avoid covering situations where someone unintentionally harms a police officer. The amendment also amends the def-inition of law enforcement officer to ensure it covers all law enforcement of-ficers who are putting themselves in harm’s way each day, including correc-tions officers. Mr. Speaker, this amendment is im-portant because it ensures that, in practice, this statute can be used more efficiently to protect law enforcement officers. It also ensures that nobody who wears a badge will be unintention-ally excluded from the bill’s protec-tions. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, that is good news, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill and on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). The amendment was agreed to. b1545 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 891, I call up the bill (S. 2372) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 891, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of H.R. 5674, as re-ported by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, as modified by the amendment printed in part B of House Report 115– 677, is adopted, and the bill, as amend-ed, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.027 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4015 May 16, 2018 
S. 2372 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Maintaining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘VA MISSION Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—CARING FOR OUR VETERANS Sec. 100. Short title; references to title 38, United States Code. Subtitle A—Developing an Integrated High- Performing Network C
HAPTER 1—E STABLISHING COMMUNITY CARE P
ROGRAMS  Sec. 101. Establishment of Veterans Community Care Program. Sec. 102. Authorization of agreements between Department of Veterans Affairs and non-Department providers. Sec. 103. Conforming amendments for State vet-erans homes. Sec. 104. Access standards and standards for quality. Sec. 105. Access to walk-in care. Sec. 106. Strategy regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs High-Performing Integrated Health Care Network. Sec. 107. Applicability of Directive of Office of Federal Contract Compliance Pro-grams. Sec. 108. Prevention of certain health care pro-viders from providing non-Depart-ment health care services to vet-erans. Sec. 109. Remediation of medical service lines. C
HAPTER 2—P AYING PROVIDERS AND IMPROVING  C
OLLECTIONS  Sec. 111. Prompt payment to providers. Sec. 112. Authority to pay for authorized care not subject to an agreement. Sec. 113. Improvement of authority to recover the cost of services furnished for non-service-connected disabilities. Sec. 114. Processing of claims for reimbursement through electronic interface. C
HAPTER 3—E DUCATION AND TRAINING  P
ROGRAMS  Sec. 121. Education program on health care op-tions. Sec. 122. Training program for administration of non-Department of Veterans Affairs health care. Sec. 123. Continuing medical education for non- Department medical professionals. C
HAPTER 4—O THER MATTERS RELATING TO NON- D
EPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PROVIDERS  Sec. 131. Establishment of processes to ensure safe opioid prescribing practices by non-Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers. Sec. 132. Improving information sharing with community providers. Sec. 133. Competency standards for non-De-partment of Veterans Affairs health care providers. Sec. 134. Department of Veterans Affairs par-ticipation in national network of State-based prescription drug monitoring programs. C
HAPTER 5—O THER NON-DEPARTMENT HEALTH  C
AREMATTERS  Sec. 141. Plans for Use of Supplemental Appro-priations Required. Sec. 142. Veterans Choice Fund flexibility. Sec. 143. Sunset of Veterans Choice Program. Sec. 144. Conforming amendments. Subtitle B—Improving Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Delivery Sec. 151. Licensure of health care professionals of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs providing treatment via tele-medicine. Sec. 152. Authority for Department of Veterans Affairs Center for Innovation for Care and Payment. Sec. 153. Authorization to provide for oper-ations on live donors for purposes of conducting transplant proce-dures for veterans. Subtitle C—Family Caregivers Sec. 161. Expansion of family caregiver program of Department of Veterans Af-fairs. Sec. 162. Implementation of information tech-nology system of Department of Veterans Affairs to assess and im-prove the family caregiver pro-gram. Sec. 163. Modifications to annual evaluation re-port on caregiver program of De-partment of Veterans Affairs. TITLE II—VA ASSET AND INFRASTRUCTURE REVIEW Subtitle A—Asset and Infrastructure Review Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. The Commission. Sec. 203. Procedure for making recommenda-tions. Sec. 204. Actions regarding infrastructure and facilities of the Veterans Health Administration. Sec. 205. Implementation. Sec. 206. Department of Veterans Affairs Asset and Infrastructure Review Ac-count. Sec. 207. Congressional consideration of Com-mission report. Sec. 208. Other matters. Sec. 209. Definitions. Subtitle B—Other Infrastructure Matters Sec. 211. Improvement to training of construc-tion personnel. Sec. 212. Review of enhanced use leases. Sec. 213. Assessment of health care furnished by the Department to veterans who live in the Pacific territories. TITLE III—IMPROVEMENTS TO RECRUIT-MENT OF HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS Sec. 301. Designated scholarships for physicians and dentists under Department of Veterans Affairs Health Profes-sional Scholarship Program. Sec. 302. Increase in maximum amount of debt that may be reduced under Edu-cation Debt Reduction Program of Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 303. Establishing the Department of Vet-erans Affairs Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program. Sec. 304. Veterans healing veterans medical ac-cess and scholarship program. Sec. 305. Bonuses for recruitment, relocation, and retention. Sec. 306. Inclusion of Vet Center employees in Education Debt Reduction Pro-gram of Department of Veterans Affairs. TITLE IV—HEALTH CARE IN UNDERSERVED AREAS Sec. 401. Development of criteria for designa-tion of certain medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs as underserved facilities and plan to address problem of under-served facilities. Sec. 402. Pilot program to furnish mobile de-ployment teams to underserved fa-cilities. Sec. 403. Pilot program on graduate medical education and residency. TITLE V—OTHER MATTERS Sec. 501. Annual report on performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the de-partment. Sec. 502. Role of podiatrists in Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 503. Definition of major medical facility project. Sec. 504. Authorization of certain major medical facility projects of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 505. Department of Veterans Affairs per-sonnel transparency. Sec. 506. Program on establishment of peer spe-cialists in patient aligned care team settings within medical cen-ters of Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 507. Department of Veterans Affairs med-ical scribe pilot program. Sec. 508. Loans guaranteed under home loan program of Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Sec. 509. Extension of reduction in amount of pension furnished by Department of Veterans Affairs for certain veterans covered by Medicaid plans for services furnished by nursing facilities. Sec. 510. Appropriation of amounts. Sec. 511. Technical correction. TITLE I—CARING FOR OUR VETERANS SEC. 100. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES TO TITLE 38, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018’’. (b) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 38, U NITED STATES  C
ODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or re-peal of, a section or other provision, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to a sec-tion or other provision of title 38, United States Code. Subtitle A—Developing an Integrated High- Performing Network CHAPTER 1—ESTABLISHING COMMUNITY CARE PROGRAMS 
SEC. 101. ESTABLISHMENT OF VETERANS COMMU-NITY CARE PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1703 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1703. Veterans Community Care Program ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) There is established a program to furnish hospital care, medical serv-ices, and extended care services to covered vet-erans through health care providers specified in subsection (c). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall coordinate the fur-nishing of hospital care, medical services, and extended care services under this section to cov-ered veterans, including coordination of, at a minimum, the following: ‘‘(A) Ensuring the scheduling of medical ap-pointments in a timely manner and the estab-lishment of a mechanism to receive medical records from non-Department providers. ‘‘(B) Ensuring continuity of care and services. ‘‘(C) Ensuring coordination among regional networks if the covered veteran accesses care and services in a different network than the re-gional network in which the covered veteran re-sides. ‘‘(D) Ensuring that covered veterans do not experience a lapse in care resulting from errors or delays by the Department or its contractors or an unusual or excessive burden in accessing hospital care, medical services, or extended care services. ‘‘(3) A covered veteran may only receive care or services under this section upon the author-ization of such care or services by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED VETERANS .—For purposes of this section, a covered veteran is any veteran who— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4016 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(1) is enrolled in the system of annual pa-tient enrollment established and operated under section 1705 of this title; or ‘‘(2) is not enrolled in such system but is oth-erwise entitled to hospital care, medical services, or extended care services under subsection (c)(2) of such section. ‘‘(c) H
EALTH CARE PROVIDERS SPECIFIED .— Health care providers specified in this sub-section are the following: ‘‘(1) Any health care provider that is partici-pating in the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.), including any physician furnishing services under such a program. ‘‘(2) The Department of Defense. ‘‘(3) The Indian Health Service. ‘‘(4) Any Federally-qualified health center (as defined in section 1905(l)(2)(B) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(l)(2)(B))). ‘‘(5) Any health care provider not otherwise covered under any of paragraphs (1) through (4) that meets criteria established by the Secretary for purposes of this section. ‘‘(d) C
ONDITIONS UNDER WHICH CAREISRE-
QUIRED TOBEFURNISHED THROUGH NON-DE-
PARTMENT PROVIDERS .—(1) The Secretary shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, furnish hospital care, medical services, and ex-tended care services to a covered veteran through health care providers specified in sub-section (c) if— ‘‘(A) the Department does not offer the care or services the veteran requires; ‘‘(B) the Department does not operate a full- service medical facility in the State in which the covered veteran resides; ‘‘(C)(i) the covered veteran was an eligible veteran under section 101(b)(2)(B) of the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) as of the day before the date of the enactment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018; ‘‘(ii) continues to reside in a location that would qualify the veteran for eligibility under such section; and ‘‘(iii) either— ‘‘(I) resides in one of the five States with the lowest population density as determined by data from the 2010 decennial census; or ‘‘(II) resides in a State not described in sub-clause (I) and— ‘‘(aa) received care or services under this title in the year preceding the enactment of the Car-ing for Our Veterans Act of 2018; and ‘‘(bb) is seeking care or services within two years of the date of the enactment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018; ‘‘(D) the covered veteran has contacted the Department to request care or services and the Department is not able to furnish such care or services in a manner that complies with des-ignated access standards developed by the Sec-retary under section 1703B of this title; or ‘‘(E) the covered veteran and the covered vet-eran’s referring clinician agree that furnishing care and services through a non-Department en-tity or provider would be in the best medical in-terest of the covered veteran based upon criteria developed by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall ensure that the cri-teria developed under paragraph (1)(E) include consideration of the following: ‘‘(A) The distance between the covered vet-eran and the facility that provides the hospital care, medical services, or extended care services the veteran needs. ‘‘(B) The nature of the hospital care, medical services, or extended care services required. ‘‘(C) The frequency that the hospital care, medical services, or extended care services needs to be furnished. ‘‘(D) The timeliness of available appointments for the hospital care, medical services, or ex-tended care services the veteran needs. ‘‘(E) Whether the covered veteran faces an unusual or excessive burden to access hospital care, medical services, or extended care services from the Department medical facility where a covered veteran seeks hospital care, medical services, or extended care services, which shall include consideration of the following: ‘‘(i) Whether the covered veteran faces an ex-cessive driving distance, geographical challenge, or environmental factor that impedes the access of the covered veteran. ‘‘(ii) Whether the hospital care, medical serv-ices, or extended care services sought by the vet-eran is provided by a medical facility of the De-partment that is reasonably accessible to a cov-ered veteran. ‘‘(iii) Whether a medical condition of the cov-ered veteran affects the ability of the covered veteran to travel. ‘‘(iv) Whether there is compelling reason, as determined by the Secretary, that the veteran needs to receive hospital care, medical services, or extended care services from a medical facility other than a medical facility of the Department. ‘‘(v) Such other considerations as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. ‘‘(3) If the Secretary has determined that the Department does not offer the care or services the covered veteran requires under subpara-graph (A) of paragraph (1), that the Department does not operate a full-service medical facility in the State in which the covered veteran resides under subparagraph (B) of such paragraph, that the covered veteran is described under sub-paragraph (C) of such paragraph, or that the Department is not able to furnish care or serv-ices in a manner that complies with designated access standards developed by the Secretary under section 1703B of this title under subpara-graph (D) of such paragraph, the decision to re-ceive hospital care, medical services, or extended care services under such subparagraphs from a health care provider specified in subsection (c) shall be at the election of the veteran. ‘‘(e) C
ONDITIONS UNDER WHICH CAREISAU-
THORIZED TOBEFURNISHED THROUGH NON-DE-
PARTMENT PROVIDERS .—(1)(A) The Secretary may furnish hospital care, medical services, or extended care services through a health care provider specified in subsection (c) to a covered veteran served by a medical service line of the Department that the Secretary has determined is not providing care that complies with the stand-ards for quality the Secretary shall establish under section 1703C. ‘‘(B) In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) measure timeliness of the medical service line at a facility of the Department when com-pared with the same medical service line at dif-ferent Department facilities; and ‘‘(ii) measure quality at a medical service line of a facility of the Department by comparing it with two or more distinct and appropriate qual-ity measures at non-Department medical service lines. ‘‘(C)(i) The Secretary may not concurrently furnish hospital care, medical services, or ex-tended care services under subparagraph (A) with respect to more than three medical service lines described in such subparagraph at any one health care facility of the Department. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary may not concurrently fur-nish hospital care, medical services, or extended care services under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to more than 36 medical service lines na-tionally described in such subparagraph. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may limit the types of hos-pital care, medical services, or extended care services covered veterans may receive under paragraph (1) in terms of the length of time such care and services will be available, the lo-cation at which such care and services will be available, and the clinical care and services that will be available. ‘‘(3)(A) Except as provided for in subpara-graph (B), the hospital care, medical services, and extended care services authorized under paragraph (1) with respect to a medical service line shall cease when the remediation described in section 1706A with respect to such medical service line is complete. ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall ensure continuity and coordination of care for any veteran who elects to receive care or services under para-graph (1) from a health care provider specified in subsection (c) through the completion of an episode of care. ‘‘(4) The Secretary shall publish in the Fed-eral Register, and shall take all reasonable steps to provide direct notice to covered veterans af-fected under this subsection, at least once each year stating the time period during which such care and services will be available, the location or locations where such care and services will be available, and the clinical services available at each location under this subsection in accord-ance with regulations the Secretary shall pre-scribe. ‘‘(5) When the Secretary exercises the author-ity under paragraph (1), the decision to receive care or services under such paragraph from a health care provider specified in subsection (c) shall be at the election of the covered veteran. ‘‘(f) REVIEW OF DECISIONS .—The review of any decision under subsection (d) or (e) shall be subject to the Department’s clinical appeals process, and such decisions may not be appealed to the Board of Veterans’ Appeals. ‘‘(g) T
IERED NETWORK .—(1) To promote the provision of high-quality and high-value hos-pital care, medical services, and extended care services under this section, the Secretary may develop a tiered provider network of eligible pro-viders based on criteria established by the Sec-retary for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) In developing a tiered provider network of eligible providers under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall not prioritize providers in a tier over providers in any other tier in a manner that limits the choice of a covered veteran in se-lecting a health care provider specified in sub-section (c) for receipt of hospital care, medical services, or extended care services under this section. ‘‘(h) C
ONTRACTS TOESTABLISH NETWORKS OF  H
EALTH CARE PROVIDERS .—(1) The Secretary shall enter into consolidated, competitively bid contracts to establish networks of health care providers specified in paragraphs (1) and (5) of subsection (c) for purposes of providing suffi-cient access to hospital care, medical services, or extended care services under this section. ‘‘(2)(A) The Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, ensure that covered veterans are able to make their own appointments using ad-vanced technology. ‘‘(B) To the extent practicable, the Secretary shall be responsible for the scheduling of ap-pointments for hospital care, medical services, and extended care services under this section. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary may terminate a con-tract with an entity entered into under para-graph (1) at such time and upon such notice to the entity as the Secretary may specify for pur-poses of this section, if the Secretary notifies the appropriate committees of Congress that, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) the entity— ‘‘(I) failed to comply substantially with the provisions of the contract or with the provisions of this section and the regulations prescribed under this section; ‘‘(II) failed to comply with the access stand-ards or the standards for quality established by the Secretary; ‘‘(III) is excluded from participation in a Fed-eral health care program (as defined in section 1128B(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(f))) under section 1128 or 1128A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7 and 1320a–7a); ‘‘(IV) is identified as an excluded source on the list maintained in the System for Award Management, or any successor system; or ‘‘(V) has been convicted of a felony or other serious offense under Federal or State law and the continued participation of the entity would be detrimental to the best interests of veterans or the Department; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4017 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(ii) it is reasonable to terminate the contract based on the health care needs of veterans; or ‘‘(iii) it is reasonable to terminate the contract based on coverage provided by contracts or sharing agreements entered into under authori-ties other than this section. ‘‘(B) Nothing in subparagraph (A) may be construed to restrict the authority of the Sec-retary to terminate a contract entered into under paragraph (1) under any other provision of law. ‘‘(4) Whenever the Secretary provides notice to an entity that the entity is failing to meet con-tractual obligations entered into under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on such fail-ure. Such report shall include the following: ‘‘(A) An explanation of the reasons for pro-viding such notice. ‘‘(B) A description of the effect of such fail-ure, including with respect to cost, schedule, and requirements. ‘‘(C) A description of the actions taken by the Secretary to mitigate such failure. ‘‘(D) A description of the actions taken by the contractor to address such failure. ‘‘(E) A description of any effect on the com-munity provider market for veterans in the af-fected area. ‘‘(5)(A) The Secretary shall instruct each enti-ty awarded a contract under paragraph (1) to recognize and accept, on an interim basis, the credentials and qualifications of health care providers who are authorized to furnish hospital care and medical services to veterans under a community care program of the Department in effect as of the day before the date of the enact-ment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018, including under the Patient-Centered Commu-nity Care Program and the Veterans Choice Program under section 101 of the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note), as qualified providers under the program estab-lished under this section. ‘‘(B) The interim acceptance period under subparagraph (A) shall be determined by the Secretary based on the following criteria: ‘‘(i) With respect to a health care provider, when the current certification agreement for the health care provider expires. ‘‘(ii) Whether the Department has enacted certification and eligibility criteria and regu-latory procedures by which non-Department providers will be authorized under this section. ‘‘(6) The Secretary shall establish a system or systems for monitoring the quality of care pro-vided to covered veterans through a network under this subsection and for assessing the quality of hospital care, medical services, and extended care services furnished through such network before the renewal of the contract for such network. ‘‘(i) P
AYMENT RATES FOR CARE AND SERV-
ICES.—(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), and to the extent practicable, the rate paid for hospital care, medical services, or extended care services under any provision in this title may not exceed the rate paid by the United States to a provider of services (as defined in section 1861(u) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(u))) or a supplier (as defined in section 1861(d) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(d))) under the Medicare program under title XI or title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.), including section 1834 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m), for the same care or services. ‘‘(2)(A) A higher rate than the rate paid by the United States as described in paragraph (1) may be negotiated with respect to the furnishing of care or services to a covered veteran who re-sides in a highly rural area. ‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘highly rural area’ means an area located in a county that has fewer than seven individuals residing in that county per square mile. ‘‘(3) With respect to furnishing care or serv-ices under this section in Alaska, the Alaska Fee Schedule of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall be followed, except for when another pay-ment agreement, including a contract or pro-vider agreement, is in effect. ‘‘(4) With respect to furnishing hospital care, medical services, or extended care services under this section in a State with an All-Payer Model Agreement under section 1814(b)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395f(b)(3)) that became effective on or after January 1, 2014, the Medi-care payment rates under paragraph (2)(A) shall be calculated based on the payment rates under such agreement. ‘‘(5) Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the Sec-retary may incorporate, to the extent prac-ticable, the use of value-based reimbursement models to promote the provision of high-quality care. ‘‘(6) With respect to hospital care, medical services, or extended care services for which there is not a rate paid under the Medicare pro-gram as described in paragraph (1), the rate paid for such care or services shall be deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(j) TREATMENT OF OTHER HEALTH PLANCON-
TRACTS .—In any case in which a covered vet-eran is furnished hospital care, medical services, or extended care services under this section for a non-service-connected disability described in subsection (a)(2) of section 1729 of this title, the Secretary shall recover or collect reasonable charges for such care or services from a health plan contract described in section 1729 in ac-cordance with such section. ‘‘(k) P
AYMENT BY VETERAN .—A covered vet-eran shall not pay a greater amount for receiv-ing care or services under this section than the amount the veteran would pay for receiving the same or comparable care or services at a medical facility of the Department or from a health care provider of the Department. ‘‘(l) T
RANSPLANT AUTHORITY FOR IMPROVED  A
CCESS .—(1) In the case of a covered veteran de-scribed in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall de-termine whether to authorize an organ or bone marrow transplant for that covered veteran at a non-Department facility. ‘‘(2) A covered veteran described in this para-graph— ‘‘(A) requires an organ or bone marrow trans-plant; and ‘‘(B) has, in the opinion of the primary care provider of the veteran, a medically compelling reason to travel outside the region of the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network, es-tablished under section 372 of the National Organ Transplantation Act (Public Law 98–507; 42 U.S.C. 274), in which the veteran resides, to receive such transplant. ‘‘(m) M
ONITORING OF CAREPROVIDED .—(1)(A) Not later than 540 days after the date of the en-actment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to appro-priate committees of Congress a review of the types and frequency of care sought under sub-section (d). ‘‘(B) The review submitted under subpara-graph (A) shall include an assessment of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) The top 25 percent of types of care and services most frequently provided under sub-section (d) due to the Department not offering such care and services. ‘‘(ii) The frequency such care and services were sought by covered veterans under this sec-tion. ‘‘(iii) An analysis of the reasons the Depart-ment was unable to provide such care and serv-ices. ‘‘(iv) Any steps the Department took to pro-vide such care and services at a medical facility of the Department. ‘‘(v) The cost of such care and services. ‘‘(2) In monitoring the hospital care, medical services, and extended care services furnished under this section, the Secretary shall do the following: ‘‘(A) With respect to hospital care, medical services, and extended care services furnished through provider networks established under subsection (i)— ‘‘(i) compile data on the types of hospital care, medical services, and extended care serv-ices furnished through such networks and how many patients used each type of care and serv-ice; ‘‘(ii) identify gaps in hospital care, medical services, or extended care services furnished through such networks; ‘‘(iii) identify how such gaps may be fixed through new contracts within such networks or changes in the manner in which hospital care, medical services, or extended care services are furnished through such networks; ‘‘(iv) assess the total amounts spent by the Department on hospital care, medical services, and extended care services furnished through such networks; ‘‘(v) assess the timeliness of the Department in referring hospital care, medical services, and ex-tended care services to such networks; and ‘‘(vi) assess the timeliness of such networks in— ‘‘(I) accepting referrals; and ‘‘(II) scheduling and completing appoint-ments. ‘‘(B) Report the number of medical service lines the Secretary has determined under sub-section (e)(1) not to be providing hospital care, medical services, or extended care services that comply with the standards for quality estab-lished by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) Assess the use of academic affiliates and centers of excellence of the Department to fur-nish hospital care, medical services, and ex-tended care services to covered veterans under this section. ‘‘(D) Assess the hospital care, medical serv-ices, and extended care services furnished to covered veterans under this section by medical facilities operated by Federal agencies other than the Department. ‘‘(3) Not later than 540 days after the date of the enactment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018 and not less frequently than once each year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the information gathered under paragraph (2). ‘‘(n) PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN LIMITATIONS .— (1) The Secretary shall not limit the types of hospital care, medical services, or extended care services covered veterans may receive under this section if it is in the best medical interest of the veteran to receive such hospital care, medical services, or extended care services, as deter-mined by the veteran and the veteran’s health care provider. ‘‘(2) No provision in this section may be con-strued to alter or modify any other provision of law establishing specific eligibility criteria for certain hospital care, medical services, or ex-tended care services. ‘‘(o) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate committees of Con-gress’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) The term ‘medical service line’ means a clinic within a Department medical center.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 17 is amended by striking the item relating to section 1703 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘1703. Veterans Community Care Program.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 1703 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall take effect on the later of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4018 May 16, 2018 
(1) the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits the report required under section 101(q)(2) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note); or (2) the date on which the Secretary promul-gates regulations pursuant to subsection (c). (c) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall promulgate reg-ulations to carry out section 1703 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. (2) U
PDATES .— (A) P
ERIODIC .—Before promulgating the regu-lations required under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall provide to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress periodic updates to confirm the progress of the Secretary toward developing such regulations. (B) F
IRST UPDATE .—The first update under subparagraph (A) shall occur no later than 120 days from the date of the enactment of this Act. (C) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (i) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (d) C
ONTINUITY OF EXISTING AGREEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 1703 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall continue all contracts, memorandums of understanding, memorandums of agreements, and other arrangements that were in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act between the Department of Veterans Affairs and the American Indian and Alaska Native health care systems as established under the terms of the Department of Veterans Affairs and Indian Health Service Memorandum of Under-standing, signed October 1, 2010, the National Reimbursement Agreement, signed December 5, 2012, arrangements under section 405 of the In-dian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1645), and agreements entered into under sec-tions 102 and 103 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146). (2) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not be construed to prohibit the Secretary and the parties to the contracts, memorandums of under-standing, memorandums of agreements, and other arrangements described in such paragraph from making such changes to such contracts, memorandums of understanding, memorandums of agreements, and other arrangements as may be otherwise authorized pursuant to other provi-sions of law or the terms of the contracts, memo-randums of understanding, memorandums of agreements, and other arrangements. 
SEC. 102. AUTHORIZATION OF AGREEMENTS BE-TWEEN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AND NON-DEPARTMENT PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 17 is amended by inserting after section 1703 the following new section: ‘‘§ 1703A. Agreements with eligible entities or providers; certification processes ‘‘(a) A
GREEMENTS AUTHORIZED .—(1)(A) When hospital care, a medical service, or an extended care service required by a veteran who is enti-tled to such care or service under this chapter is not feasibly available to the veteran from a fa-cility of the Department or through a contract or sharing agreement entered into pursuant to another provision of law, the Secretary may fur-nish such care or service to such veteran through an agreement under this section with an eligible entity or provider to provide such hospital care, medical service, or extended care service. ‘‘(B) An agreement entered into under this section to provide hospital care, a medical serv-ice, or an extended care service shall be known as a ‘Veterans Care Agreement’. ‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (A), hos-pital care, a medical service, or an extended care service may be considered not feasibly available to a veteran from a facility of the Department or through a contract or sharing agreement de-scribed in such subparagraph when the Sec-retary determines the veteran’s medical condi-tion, the travel involved, the nature of the care or services required, or a combination of these factors make the use of a facility of the Depart-ment or a contract or sharing agreement de-scribed in such subparagraph impracticable or inadvisable. ‘‘(D) A Veterans Care Agreement may be en-tered into by the Secretary or any Department official authorized by the Secretary. ‘‘(2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), the Sec-retary shall review each Veterans Care Agree-ment of material size, as determined by the Sec-retary or set forth in paragraph (3), for hospital care, a medical service, or an extended care service to determine whether it is feasible and advisable to provide such care or service within a facility of the Department or by contract or sharing agreement entered into pursuant to an-other provision of law and, if so, take action to do so. ‘‘(B)(i) The Secretary shall review each Vet-erans Care Agreement of material size that has been in effect for at least six months within the first two years of its taking effect, and not less frequently than once every four years there-after. ‘‘(ii) If a Veterans Care Agreement has not been in effect for at least six months by the date of the review required by subparagraph (A), the agreement shall be reviewed during the next cycle required by subparagraph (A), and such review shall serve as its review within the first two years of its taking effect for purposes of clause (i). ‘‘(3)(A) In fiscal year 2019 and in each fiscal year thereafter, in addition to such other Vet-erans Care Agreements as the Secretary may de-termine are of material size, a Veterans Care Agreement for the purchase of extended care services that exceeds $5,000,000 annually shall be considered of material size. ‘‘(B) From time to time, the Secretary may publish a notice in the Federal Register to ad-just the dollar amount specified in subpara-graph (A) to account for changes in the cost of health care based upon recognized health care market surveys and other available data. ‘‘(b) ELIGIBLE ENTITIES AND PROVIDERS .—For purposes of this section, an eligible entity or provider is— ‘‘(1) any provider of services that has enrolled and entered into a provider agreement under section 1866(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc(a)) and any physician or other supplier who has enrolled and entered into a participation agreement under section 1842(h) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395u(h)); ‘‘(2) any provider participating under a State plan under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); ‘‘(3) an Aging and Disability Resource Center, an area agency on aging, or a State agency (as defined in section 102 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3002)); ‘‘(4) a center for independent living (as de-fined in section 702 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 796a)); or ‘‘(5) any entity or provider not described in paragraph (1) or (2) of this subsection that the Secretary determines to be eligible pursuant to the certification process described in subsection (c). ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY OR PROVIDER CERTIFI -
CATION PROCESS .—The Secretary shall establish by regulation a process for the certification of eligible entities or providers or recertification of eligible entities or providers under this section. Such a process shall, at a minimum— ‘‘(1) establish deadlines for actions on appli-cations for certification; ‘‘(2) set forth standards for an approval or de-nial of certification, duration of certification, revocation of an eligible entity or provider’s cer-tification, and recertification of eligible entities or providers; ‘‘(3) require the denial of certification if the Secretary determines the eligible entity or pro-vider is excluded from participation in a Federal health care program under section 1128 or sec-tion 1128A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7 or 1320a–7a) or is currently identified as an excluded source on the System for Award Management Exclusions list described in part 9 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 180 of title 2 of such Code, or successor reg-ulations; ‘‘(4) establish procedures for screening eligible entities or providers according to the risk of fraud, waste, and abuse that are similar to the standards under section 1866(j)(2)(B) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc(j)(2)(B)) and section 9.104 of title 48, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or successor regulations; and ‘‘(5) incorporate and apply the restrictions and penalties set forth in chapter 21 of title 41 and treat this section as a procurement program only for purposes of applying such provisions. ‘‘(d) RATES.—To the extent practicable, the rates paid by the Secretary for hospital care, medical services, and extended care services pro-vided under a Veterans Care Agreement shall be in accordance with the rates paid by the United States under section 1703(i) of this title. ‘‘(e) T
ERMS OF VETERANS CARE AGREE-
MENTS .—(1) Pursuant to regulations promul-gated under subsection (k), the Secretary may define the requirements for providers and enti-ties entering into agreements under this section based upon such factors as the number of pa-tients receiving care or services, the number of employees employed by the entity or provider furnishing such care or services, the amount paid by the Secretary to the provider or entity, or other factors as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) To furnish hospital care, medical serv-ices, or extended care services under this sec-tion, an eligible entity or provider shall agree— ‘‘(A) to accept payment at the rates estab-lished in regulations prescribed under this sec-tion; ‘‘(B) that payment by the Secretary under this section on behalf of a veteran to a provider of services or care shall, unless rejected and re-funded by the provider within 30 days of re-ceipt, constitute payment in full and extinguish any liability on the part of the veteran for the treatment or care provided, and no provision of a contract, agreement, or assignment to the con-trary shall operate to modify, limit, or negate this requirement; ‘‘(C) to provide only the care and services au-thorized by the Department under this section and to obtain the prior written consent of the Department to furnish care or services outside the scope of such authorization; ‘‘(D) to bill the Department in accordance with the methodology outlined in regulations prescribed under this section; ‘‘(E) to not seek to recover or collect from a health plan contract or third party, as those terms are defined in section 1729 of this title, for any care or service that is furnished or paid for by the Department; ‘‘(F) to provide medical records to the Depart-ment in the time frame and format specified by the Department; and ‘‘(G) to meet such other terms and conditions, including quality of care assurance standards, as the Secretary may specify in regulation. ‘‘(f) D
ISCONTINUATION OR NONRENEWAL OF A  V
ETERANS CAREAGREEMENT .—(1) An eligible en-tity or provider may discontinue a Veterans Care Agreement at such time and upon such no-tice to the Secretary as may be provided in regu-lations prescribed under this section. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may discontinue a Vet-erans Care Agreement with an eligible entity or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4019 May 16, 2018 
provider at such time and upon such reasonable notice to the eligible entity or provider as may be specified in regulations prescribed under this section, if an official designated by the Sec-retary— ‘‘(A) has determined that the eligible entity or provider failed to comply substantially with the provisions of the Veterans Care Agreement, or with the provisions of this section or regulations prescribed under this section; ‘‘(B) has determined the eligible entity or pro-vider is excluded from participation in a Federal health care program under section 1128 or sec-tion 1128A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7 or 1320a–7a) or is identified on the Sys-tem for Award Management Exclusions list as provided in part 9 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 180 of title 2 of such Code, or successor regulations; ‘‘(C) has ascertained that the eligible entity or provider has been convicted of a felony or other serious offense under Federal or State law and determines the eligible entity or provider’s con-tinued participation would be detrimental to the best interests of veterans or the Department; or ‘‘(D) has determined that it is reasonable to terminate the agreement based on the health care needs of a veteran. ‘‘(g) Q
UALITY OF CARE.—The Secretary shall establish a system or systems for monitoring the quality of care provided to veterans through Veterans Care Agreements and for assessing the quality of hospital care, medical services, and extended care services furnished by eligible enti-ties and providers before the renewal of Vet-erans Care Agreements. ‘‘(h) D
ISPUTES .—(1) The Secretary shall pro-mulgate administrative procedures for eligible entities and providers to present all disputes arising under or related to Veterans Care Agree-ments. ‘‘(2) Such procedures constitute the eligible entities’ and providers’ exhaustive and exclusive administrative remedies. ‘‘(3) Eligible entities or providers must first ex-haust such administrative procedures before seeking any judicial review under section 1346 of title 28 (known as the ‘Tucker Act’). ‘‘(4) Disputes under this section must pertain to either the scope of authorization under the Veterans Care Agreement or claims for payment subject to the Veterans Care Agreement and are not claims for the purposes of such laws that would otherwise require application of sections 7101 through 7109 of title 41, United States Code. ‘‘(i) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER PROVISIONS OF  L
AW.—(1) A Veterans Care Agreement may be authorized by the Secretary or any Department official authorized by the Secretary, and such action shall not be treated as— ‘‘(A) an award for the purposes of such laws that would otherwise require the use of competi-tive procedures for the furnishing of care and services; or ‘‘(B) a Federal contract for the acquisition of goods or services for purposes of any provision of Federal law governing Federal contracts for the acquisition of goods or services except sec-tion 4706(d) of title 41. ‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided in the agreement itself, in subparagraph (B), and unless other-wise provided in this section or regulations pre-scribed pursuant to this section, an eligible enti-ty or provider that enters into an agreement under this section is not subject to, in the car-rying out of the agreement, any law to which providers of services and suppliers under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) are not subject. ‘‘(B) An eligible entity or provider that enters into an agreement under this section is subject to— ‘‘(i) all laws regarding integrity, ethics, or fraud, or that subject a person to civil or crimi-nal penalties; and ‘‘(ii) all laws that protect against employment discrimination or that otherwise ensure equal employment opportunities. ‘‘(3) Notwithstanding paragraph (2)(B)(i), an eligible entity or provider that enters into an agreement under this section shall not be treat-ed as a Federal contractor or subcontractor for purposes of chapter 67 of title 41 (commonly known as the ‘McNamara-O’Hara Service Con-tract Act of 1965’). ‘‘(j) PARITY OF TREATMENT .—Eligibility for hospital care, medical services, and extended care services furnished to any veteran pursuant to a Veterans Care Agreement shall be subject to the same terms as though provided in a facility of the Department, and provisions of this chap-ter applicable to veterans receiving such care and services in a facility of the Department shall apply to veterans treated under this sec-tion. ‘‘(k) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate regulations to carry out this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 1703 the following new item: ‘‘1703A. Agreements with eligible entities or pro-viders; certification processes.’’. 
SEC. 103. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS FOR STATE VETERANS HOMES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1745(a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(or agree-ment under section 1720(c)(1) of this title)’’ and inserting ‘‘(or an agreement)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4)(A) An agreement under this section may be authorized by the Secretary or any Depart-ment official authorized by the Secretary, and any such action is not an award for purposes of such laws that would otherwise require the use of competitive procedures for the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and extended care services. ‘‘(B)(i) Except as provided in the agreement itself, in clause (ii), and unless otherwise pro-vided in this section or regulations prescribed pursuant to this section, a State home that en-ters into an agreement under this section is not subject to, in the carrying out of the agreement, any provision of law to which providers of serv-ices and suppliers under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) are not subject. ‘‘(ii) A State home that enters into an agree-ment under this section is subject to— ‘‘(I) all provisions of law regarding integrity, ethics, or fraud, or that subject a person to civil or criminal penalties; ‘‘(II) all provisions of law that protect against employment discrimination or that otherwise en-sure equal employment opportunities; and ‘‘(III) all provisions in subchapter V of chap-ter 17 of this title. ‘‘(iii) Notwithstanding subparagraph (B)(ii)(I), a State home that enters into an agreement under this section may not be treated as a Federal contractor or subcontractor for purposes of chapter 67 of title 41 (known as the ‘McNamara-O’Hara Service Contract Act of 1965’).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to care provided on or after the effective date of regulations issued by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out this section. 
SEC. 104. ACCESS STANDARDS AND STANDARDS FOR QUALITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 17, as amended by section 102, is further amended by inserting after section 1703A the following new sections: ‘‘§ 1703B. Access standards ‘‘(a)(1) The Secretary shall establish access standards for furnishing hospital care, medical services, or extended care services to covered veterans for the purposes of section 1703(d). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall ensure that the ac-cess standards established under paragraph (1) define such categories of care to cover all care and services within the medical benefits package of the Department of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(b) The Secretary shall ensure that the ac-cess standards provide covered veterans, em-ployees of the Department, and health care pro-viders in the network established under section 1703(h) with relevant comparative information that is clear, useful, and timely, so that covered veterans can make informed decisions regarding their health care. ‘‘(c) The Secretary shall consult with all perti-nent Federal entities (including the Department of Defense, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services), entities in the private sec-tor, and other nongovernmental entities in es-tablishing access standards. ‘‘(d)(1) Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report detail-ing the access standards. ‘‘(2)(A) Before submitting the report required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide periodic updates to the appropriate committees of Congress to confirm the Department’s progress towards developing the access stand-ards required by this section. ‘‘(B) The first update under subparagraph (A) shall occur no later than 120 days from the date of the enactment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018. ‘‘(3) Not later than 540 days after the date on which the Secretary implements the access standards established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report detailing the imple-mentation of and compliance with such access standards by Department and non-Department entities or providers. ‘‘(e) Not later than three years after the date on which the Secretary establishes access stand-ards under subsection (a) and not less fre-quently than once every three years thereafter, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a review of such standards; and ‘‘(2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the findings and any modi-fication to the access standards with respect to the review conducted under paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) The Secretary shall ensure health care providers specified under section 1703(c) are able to comply with the applicable access standards established by the Secretary. ‘‘(g) The Secretary shall publish in the Fed-eral Register and on an internet website of the Department the designated access standards es-tablished under this section for purposes of sec-tion 1703(d)(1)(D). ‘‘(h)(1) Consistent with paragraphs (1)(D) and (3) of section 1703(d), covered veterans may con-tact the Department at any time to request a de-termination regarding whether they are eligible to receive care and services from a non-Depart-ment entity or provider based on the Depart-ment being unable to furnish such care and services in a manner that complies with the des-ignated access standards established under this section. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish a process to review such requests from covered veterans to determine whether— ‘‘(A) the requested care is clinically necessary; and ‘‘(B) the Department is able to provide such care in a manner that complies with designated access standards established under this section. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall promptly respond to any such request by a covered veteran. ‘‘(i)(1) The term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) The term ‘covered veterans’ refers to vet-erans described in section 1703(b) of this title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4020 May 16, 2018 
‘‘§ 1703C. Standards for quality ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary shall es-tablish standards for quality regarding hospital care, medical services, and extended care serv-ices furnished by the Department pursuant to this title, including through non-Department health care providers pursuant to section 1703 of this title. ‘‘(2) In establishing standards for quality under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall con-sider existing health quality measures that are applied to public and privately sponsored health care systems with the purpose of providing cov-ered veterans relevant comparative information to make informed decisions regarding their health care. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall collect and consider data for purposes of establishing the standards under paragraph (1). Such data collection shall include— ‘‘(A) after consultation with veterans service organizations and other key stakeholders on survey development or modification of an exist-ing survey, a survey of veterans who have used hospital care, medical services, or extended care services furnished by the Veterans Health Ad-ministration during the most recent two-year pe-riod to assess the satisfaction of the veterans with service and quality of care; and ‘‘(B) datasets that include, at a minimum, ele-ments relating to the following: ‘‘(i) Timely care. ‘‘(ii) Effective care. ‘‘(iii) Safety, including, at a minimum, com-plications, readmissions, and deaths. ‘‘(iv) Efficiency. ‘‘(4) The Secretary shall consult with all perti-nent Federal entities (including the Department of Defense, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services), entities in the private sec-tor, and other nongovernmental entities in es-tablishing standards for quality. ‘‘(5)(A) Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report detail-ing the standards for quality. ‘‘(B)(i) Before submitting the report required under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall provide periodic updates to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress to confirm the Department’s progress towards developing the standards for quality required by this section. ‘‘(ii) The first update under clause (i) shall occur no later than 120 days from the date of the enactment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018. ‘‘(b) P
UBLICATION AND CONSIDERATION OF  P
UBLIC COMMENTS .—(1) Not later than one year after the date on which the Secretary estab-lishes standards for quality under subsection (a), the Secretary shall publish the quality rat-ing of medical facilities of the Department in the publicly available Hospital Compare website through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for the purpose of providing veterans with information that allows them to compare performance measure information among De-partment and non-Department health care pro-viders. ‘‘(2) Not later than two years after the date on which the Secretary establishes standards for quality under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider and solicit public comment on potential changes to the measures used in such standards to ensure that they include the most up-to-date and applicable industry measures for veterans. ‘‘(c)(1) The term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) The term ‘covered veterans’ refers to vet-erans described in section 1703(b) of this title.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 17, as amended by section 102, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1703A the fol-lowing new items: ‘‘1703B. Access standards. ‘‘1703C. Standards for quality.’’. 
SEC. 105. ACCESS TO WALK-IN CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 is amended by inserting after section 1725 the following new section: ‘‘§ 1725A. Access to walk-in care ‘‘(a) P
ROCEDURES TOENSURE ACCESS TO  W
ALK-INCARE.—The Secretary shall develop procedures to ensure that eligible veterans are able to access walk-in care from qualifying non- Department entities or providers. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE VETERANS .—For purposes of this section, an eligible veteran is any indi-vidual who— ‘‘(1) is enrolled in the health care system es-tablished under section 1705(a) of this title; and ‘‘(2) has received care under this chapter within the 24-month period preceding the fur-nishing of walk-in care under this section. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFYING NON-DEPARTMENT ENTITIES  
ORPROVIDERS .—For purposes of this section, a qualifying non-Department entity or provider is a non-Department entity or provider that has entered into a contract or other agreement with the Secretary to furnish services under this sec-tion. ‘‘(d) F
EDERALLY -QUALIFIED HEALTH CEN-
TERS.—Whenever practicable, the Secretary may use a Federally-qualified health center (as de-fined in section 1905(l)(2)(B) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(l)(2)(B))) to carry out this section. ‘‘(e) C
ONTINUITY OF CARE.—The Secretary shall ensure continuity of care for those eligible veterans who receive walk-in care services under this section, including through the establish-ment of a mechanism to receive medical records from walk-in care providers and provide perti-nent patient medical records to providers of walk-in care. ‘‘(f) C
OPAYMENTS .—(1)(A) The Secretary may require an eligible veteran to pay the United States a copayment for each episode of hospital care or medical services provided under this sec-tion if the eligible veteran would be required to pay a copayment under this title. ‘‘(B) An eligible veteran not required to pay a copayment under this title may access walk-in care without a copayment for the first two visits in a calendar year. For any additional visits, a copayment at an amount determined by the Sec-retary may be required. ‘‘(C) An eligible veteran required to pay a co-payment under this title may be required to pay a regular copayment for the first two walk-in care visits in a calendar year. For any addi-tional visits, a higher copayment at an amount determined by the Secretary may be required. ‘‘(2) After the first two episodes of care fur-nished to an eligible veteran under this section, the Secretary may adjust the copayment re-quired of the veteran under this subsection based upon the priority group of enrollment of the eligible veteran, the number of episodes of care furnished to the eligible veteran during a year, and other factors the Secretary considers appropriate under this section. ‘‘(3) The amount or amounts of the copay-ments required under this subsection shall be prescribed by the Secretary by rule. ‘‘(4) Section 8153(c) of this title shall not apply to this subsection. ‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations to carry out this section. ‘‘(h) W
ALK-INCAREDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘walk-in care’ means non-emergent care provided by a qualifying non-Department entity or provider that furnishes episodic care and not longitudinal management of conditions and is otherwise defined through regulations the Secretary shall promulgate.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Section 1725A of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date upon which final regulations implementing such section take effect. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 1725 the following new item: ‘‘§1725A. Access to walk-in care.’’. 
SEC. 106. STRATEGY REGARDING THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS HIGH- PERFORMING INTEGRATED HEALTH CARE NETWORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 is amended by inserting after section 7330B the following new section: ‘‘§ 7330C. Quadrennial Veterans Health Ad-ministration review ‘‘(a) M
ARKET AREAASSESSMENTS .—(1) Not less frequently than every four years, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall perform market area assessments regarding the health care services furnished under the laws administered by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) Each market area assessment established under paragraph (1) shall include the following: ‘‘(A) An assessment of the demand for health care from the Department, disaggregated by geo-graphic market areas as determined by the Sec-retary, including the number of requests for health care services under the laws administered by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) An inventory of the health care capacity of the Department of Veterans Affairs across the Department’s system of facilities. ‘‘(C) An assessment of the health care capac-ity to be provided through contracted commu-nity care providers and providers who entered into a provider agreement with the Department under section 1703A of title 38, as added by sec-tion 102, including the number of providers, the geographic location of the providers, and cat-egories or types of health care services provided by the providers. ‘‘(D) An assessment obtained from other Fed-eral direct delivery systems of their capacity to provide health care to veterans. ‘‘(E) An assessment of the health care capac-ity of non-contracted providers where there is insufficient network supply. ‘‘(F) An assessment of the health care capac-ity of academic affiliates and other collabora-tions of the Department as it relates to pro-viding health care to veterans. ‘‘(G) An assessment of the effects on health care capacity of the access standards and stand-ards for quality established under sections 1703B and 1703C of this title. ‘‘(H) The number of appointments for health care services under the laws administered by the Secretary, disaggregated by— ‘‘(i) appointments at facilities of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and ‘‘(ii) appointments with non-Department health care providers. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress the market area assessments established in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) The Secretary also shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the market area assessments completed by or being per-formed on the day before the date of the enact-ment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018. ‘‘(4)(A) The Secretary shall use the market area assessments established under paragraph (1) to— ‘‘(i) determine the capacity of the health care provider networks established under section 1703(h) of this title; ‘‘(ii) inform the Department budget, in accord-ance with subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(iii) inform and assess the appropriateness of the access standards established under section 1703B of this title and standards for quality 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4021 May 16, 2018 
under section 1703C and to make recommenda-tions for any changes to such standards. ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall ensure that the De-partment budget for any fiscal year (as sub-mitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31) reflects the findings of the Secretary with respect to the most recent market area assessments under paragraph (1) and health care utilization data from the De-partment and non-Department entities or pro-viders furnishing care and services to covered veterans as described in section 1703(b). ‘‘(b) S
TRATEGIC PLANTOMEETHEALTH CARE D
EMAND .—(1) Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the Caring for Our Vet-erans Act of 2018 and not less frequently than once every four years thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a strategic plan that specifies a four- year forecast of— ‘‘(A) the demand for health care from the De-partment, disaggregated by geographic area as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(B) the health care capacity to be provided at each medical center of the Department; and ‘‘(C) the health care capacity to be provided through community care providers. ‘‘(2) In preparing the strategic plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) assess the access standards and stand-ards for quality established under sections 1703B and 1703C of this title; ‘‘(B) assess the market area assessments estab-lished under subsection (a); ‘‘(C) assess the needs of the Department based on identified services that provide management of conditions or disorders related to military service for which there is limited experience or access in the national market, the overall health of veterans throughout their lifespan, or other services as the Secretary determines appropriate; ‘‘(D) consult with key stakeholders within the Department, the heads of other Federal agen-cies, and other relevant governmental and non-governmental entities, including State, local, and tribal government officials, members of Con-gress, veterans service organizations, private sector representatives, academics, and other pol-icy experts; ‘‘(E) identify emerging issues, trends, prob-lems, and opportunities that could affect health care services furnished under the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary; ‘‘(F) develop recommendations regarding both short- and long-term priorities for health care services furnished under the laws administered by the Secretary; ‘‘(G) after consultation with veterans service organizations and other key stakeholders on survey development or modification of an exist-ing survey, consider a survey of veterans who have used hospital care, medical services, or ex-tended care services furnished by the Veterans Health Administration during the most recent two-year period to assess the satisfaction of the veterans with service and quality of care; ‘‘(H) conduct a comprehensive examination of programs and policies of the Department regard-ing the delivery of health care services and the demand of health care services for veterans in future years; ‘‘(I) assess the remediation of medical service lines of the Department as described in section 1706A in conjunction with the utilization of non-Department entities or providers to offset remediation; and ‘‘(J) consider such other matters as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Secretary shall be responsible for— ‘‘(1) overseeing the transformation and orga-nizational change across the Department to achieve such high performing integrated health care network; ‘‘(2) developing the capital infrastructure planning and procurement processes, whether minor or major construction projects or leases; and ‘‘(3) developing a multi-year budget process that is capable of forecasting future year budget requirements and projecting the cost of deliv-ering health care services under a high-per-forming integrated health care network. ‘‘(d) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 7330B the following new item: ‘‘7330C. Quadrennial Veterans Health Adminis-tration review.’’. 
SEC. 107. APPLICABILITY OF DIRECTIVE OF OF-FICE OF FEDERAL CONTRACT COM-PLIANCE PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the treat-ment of certain laws under subsection (i) of sec-tion 1703A of title 38, United States Code, as added by section 102 of this title, Directive 2014– 01 of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs of the Department of Labor (effective as of May 7, 2014) shall apply to any entity en-tering into an agreement under such section 1703A or section 1745 of such title, as amended by section 103, in the same manner as such di-rective applies to subcontractors under the TRICARE program for the duration of the mor-atorium provided under such directive. (b) A
PPLICABILITY PERIOD .—The directive de-scribed in subsection (a), and the moratorium provided under such directive, shall not be al-tered or rescinded before May 7, 2019. (c) TRICARE P
ROGRAM DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 108. PREVENTION OF CERTAIN HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS FROM PROVIDING NON-DEPARTMENT HEALTH CARE SERVICES TO VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On and after the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall deny or revoke the eligibility of a health care provider to provide non-Department health care services to veterans if the Secretary determines that the health care provider— (1) was removed from employment with the Department of Veterans Affairs due to conduct that violated a policy of the Department relat-ing to the delivery of safe and appropriate health care; or (2) violated the requirements of a medical li-cense of the health care provider that resulted in the loss of such medical license. (b) P
ERMISSIVE ACTION .—On and after the date that is one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary may deny, re-voke, or suspend the eligibility of a health care provider to provide non-Department health care services if the Secretary determines such action is necessary to immediately protect the health, safety, or welfare of veterans and the health care provider is under investigation by the med-ical licensing board of a State in which the health care provider is licensed or practices. (c) S
USPENSION .—The Secretary shall suspend the eligibility of a health care provider to pro-vide non-Department health care services to vet-erans if the health care provider is suspended from serving as a health care provider of the De-partment. (d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation by the Secretary of this section, including the following: (1) The aggregate number of health care pro-viders denied or suspended under this section from participation in providing non-Department health care services. (2) An evaluation of any impact on access to health care for patients or staffing shortages in programs of the Department providing non-De-partment health care services. (3) An explanation of the coordination of the Department with the medical licensing boards of States in implementing this section, the amount of involvement of such boards in such implemen-tation, and efforts by the Department to address any concerns raised by such boards with respect to such implementation. (4) Such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate regarding harmo-nizing eligibility criteria between health care providers of the Department and health care providers eligible to provide non-Department health care services. (e) NON-DEPARTMENT HEALTH CARESERVICES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘non-De-partment health care services’’ means services— (1) provided under subchapter I of chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non-Depart-ment facilities (as defined in section 1701 of such title); (2) provided under section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note); (3) purchased through the Medical Commu-nity Care account of the Department; or (4) purchased with amounts deposited in the Veterans Choice Fund under section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014. 
SEC. 109. REMEDIATION OF MEDICAL SERVICE LINES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 17 is amended by inserting after section 1706 the following new section: ‘‘§ 1706A. Remediation of medical service lines ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after determining under section 1703(e)(1) that a medical service line of the Department is pro-viding hospital care, medical services, or ex-tended care services that does not comply with the standards for quality established by the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall submit to Congress an assessment of the factors that led the Sec-retary to make such determination and a plan with specific actions, and the time to complete them, to be taken to comply with such standards for quality, including the following: ‘‘(1) Increasing personnel or temporary per-sonnel assistance, including mobile deployment teams. ‘‘(2) Special hiring incentives, including the Education Debt Reduction Program under sub-chapter VII of chapter 76 of this title and re-cruitment, relocation, and retention incentives. ‘‘(3) Utilizing direct hiring authority. ‘‘(4) Providing improved training opportuni-ties for staff. ‘‘(5) Acquiring improved equipment. ‘‘(6) Making structural modifications to the facility used by the medical service line. ‘‘(7) Such other actions as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBLE PARTIES .—In each assess-ment submitted under subsection (a) with re-spect to a medical service line, the Secretary shall identify the individuals at the Central Of-fice of the Veterans Health Administration, the facility used by the medical service line, and the central office of the relevant Veterans Inte-grated Service Network who are responsible for overseeing the progress of that medical service line in complying with the standards for quality established by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) I
NTERIM REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after submitting an assessment under sub-section (a) with respect to a medical service line, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the progress of that medical service line in complying with the standards for quality estab-lished by the Secretary and any other measures the Secretary will take to assist the medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4022 May 16, 2018 
service line in complying with such standards for quality. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) submit to Congress an analysis of the re-mediation actions and costs of such actions taken with respect to each medical service line with respect to which the Secretary submitted an assessment and plan under paragraph (1) in the preceding year, including an update on the progress of each such medical service line in complying with the standards for quality and timeliness established by the Secretary and any other actions the Secretary is undertaking to as-sist the medical service line in complying with standards for quality as established by the Sec-retary; and ‘‘(2) publish such analysis on the internet website of the Department.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 1706 the following new item: ‘‘1706A. Remediation of medical service lines.’’. CHAPTER 2—PAYING PROVIDERS AND IMPROVING COLLECTIONS 
SEC. 111. PROMPT PAYMENT TO PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 17 is amended by inserting after section 1703C, as added by section 104 of this title, the following new section: ‘‘§ 1703D. Prompt payment standard ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this title or of any other pro-vision of law, the Secretary shall pay for hos-pital care, medical services, or extended care services furnished by health care entities or pro-viders under this chapter within 45 calendar days upon receipt of a clean paper claim or 30 calendar days upon receipt of a clean electronic claim. ‘‘(2) If a claim is denied, the Secretary shall, within 45 calendar days of denial for a paper claim and 30 calendar days of denial for an elec-tronic claim, notify the health care entity or provider of the reason for denying the claim and what, if any, additional information is required to process the claim. ‘‘(3) Upon the receipt of the additional infor-mation, the Secretary shall ensure that the claim is paid, denied, or otherwise adjudicated within 30 calendar days from the receipt of the requested information. ‘‘(4) This section shall only apply to payments made on an invoice basis and shall not apply to capitation or other forms of periodic payment to entities or providers. ‘‘(b) S
UBMITTAL OF CLAIMS BY HEALTH CARE E
NTITIES AND PROVIDERS .—A health care entity or provider that furnishes hospital care, a med-ical service, or an extended care service under this chapter shall submit to the Secretary a claim for payment for furnishing the hospital care, medical service, or extended care service not later than 180 days after the date on which the entity or provider furnished the hospital care, medical service, or extended care service. ‘‘(c) F
RAUDULENT CLAIMS .—(1) Sections 3729 through 3733 of title 31 shall apply to fraudulent claims for payment submitted to the Secretary by a health care entity or provider under this chapter. ‘‘(2) Pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary, the Secretary shall bar a health care entity or provider from furnishing hospital care, medical services, and extended care services under this chapter when the Secretary deter-mines the entity or provider has submitted to the Secretary fraudulent health care claims for pay-ment by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) O
VERDUE CLAIMS .—(1) Any claim that has not been denied with notice, made pending with notice, or paid to the health care entity or provider by the Secretary shall be overdue if the notice or payment is not received by the entity provider within the time periods specified in subsection (a). ‘‘(2)(A) If a claim is overdue under this sub-section, the Secretary may, under the require-ments established by subsection (a) and con-sistent with the provisions of chapter 39 of title 31 (commonly referred to as the ‘Prompt Pay-ment Act’), require that interest be paid on clean claims. ‘‘(B) Interest paid under subparagraph (A) shall be computed at the rate of interest estab-lished by the Secretary of the Treasury under section 3902 of title 31 and published in the Fed-eral Register. ‘‘(3) Not less frequently than annually, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on payment of overdue claims under this sub-section, disaggregated by paper and electronic claims, that includes the following: ‘‘(A) The amount paid in overdue claims de-scribed in this subsection, disaggregated by the amount of the overdue claim and the amount of interest paid on such overdue claim. ‘‘(B) The number of such overdue claims and the average number of days late each claim was paid, disaggregated by facility of the Depart-ment and Veterans Integrated Service Network region. ‘‘(e) OVERPAYMENT .—(1) The Secretary shall deduct the amount of any overpayment from payments due a health care entity or provider under this chapter. ‘‘(2) Deductions may not be made under this subsection unless the Secretary has made rea-sonable efforts to notify a health care entity or provider of the right to dispute the existence or amount of such indebtedness and the right to request a compromise of such indebtedness. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall make a determination with respect to any such dispute or request prior to deducting any overpayment unless the time required to make such a determination before making any deductions would jeopardize the Secretary’s ability to recover the full amount of such indebtedness. ‘‘(f) I
NFORMATION AND DOCUMENTATION RE-
QUIRED .—(1) The Secretary shall provide to all health care entities and providers participating in a program to furnish hospital care, medical services, or extended care services under this chapter a list of information and documentation that is required to establish a clean claim under this section. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall consult with entities in the health care industry, in the public and private sector, to determine the information and documentation to include in the list under para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) If the Secretary modifies the information and documentation included in the list under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall notify all health care entities and providers described in paragraph (1) not later than 30 days before such modifications take effect. ‘‘(g) P
ROCESSING OF CLAIMS .—(1) In proc-essing a claim for compensation for hospital care, medical services, or extended care services furnished by a non-Department health care en-tity or provider under this chapter, the Sec-retary may act through— ‘‘(A) a non-Department entity that is under contract or agreement for the program estab-lished under section 1703(a) of this title; or ‘‘(B) a non-Department entity that specializes in such processing for other Federal agency health care systems. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall seek to contract with a third party to conduct a review of claims de-scribed in paragraph (3) that includes— ‘‘(A) a feasibility assessment to determine the capacity of the Department to process such claims in a timely manner; and ‘‘(B) a cost benefit analysis comparing the ca-pacity of the Department to a third party entity capable of processing such claims. ‘‘(3) The review required under paragraph (2) shall apply to claims for hospital care, medical services, or extended care services furnished under section 1703 of this Act, as amended by the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018, that are processed by the Department. ‘‘(h) REPORT ON ENCOUNTER DATASYSTEM .— (1) Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the feasibility and advisability of adopting a fund-ing mechanism similar to what is utilized by other Federal agencies to allow a contracted en-tity to act as a fiscal intermediary for the Fed-eral Government to distribute, or pass through, Federal Government funds for certain non-un-derwritten hospital care, medical services, or ex-tended care services. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may coordinate with the Department of Defense, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Depart-ment of the Treasury in developing the report required by paragraph (1). ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate committees of Con-gress’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) The term ‘clean electronic claim’ means the transmission of data for purposes of pay-ment of covered health care expenses that is submitted to the Secretary which contains sub-stantially all of the required data elements nec-essary for accurate adjudication, without ob-taining additional information from the entity or provider that furnished the care or service, submitted in such format as prescribed by the Secretary in regulations for the purpose of pay-ing claims for care or services. ‘‘(3) The term ‘clean paper claim’ means a paper claim for payment of covered health care expenses that is submitted to the Secretary which contains substantially all of the required data elements necessary for accurate adjudica-tion, without obtaining additional information from the entity or provider that furnished the care or service, submitted in such format as pre-scribed by the Secretary in regulations for the purpose of paying claims for care or services. ‘‘(4) The term ‘fraudulent claims’ means the knowing misrepresentation of a material fact or facts by a health care entity or provider made to induce the Secretary to pay a claim that was not legally payable to that provider. ‘‘(5) The term ‘health care entity or provider’ includes any non-Department health care entity or provider, but does not include any Federal health care entity or provider.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 1703C, as added by section 104 of this title, the following new item: ‘‘1703D. Prompt payment standard.’’. 
SEC. 112. AUTHORITY TO PAY FOR AUTHORIZED CARE NOT SUBJECT TO AN AGREE-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter IV of chapter 81 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 8159. Authority to pay for services author-ized but not subject to an agreement ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—If, in the course of fur-nishing hospital care, a medical service, or an extended care service authorized by the Sec-retary and pursuant to a contract, agreement, or other arrangement with the Secretary, a pro-vider who is not a party to the contract, agree-ment, or other arrangement furnishes hospital care, a medical service, or an extended care service that the Secretary considers necessary, the Secretary may compensate the provider for the cost of such care or service. ‘‘(b) N
EWCONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS .—The Secretary shall take reasonable efforts to enter into a contract, agreement, or other arrange-ment with a provider described in subsection (a) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4023 May 16, 2018 
to ensure that future care and services author-ized by the Secretary and furnished by the pro-vider are subject to such a contract, agreement, or other arrangement.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 8158 the following new item: ‘‘8159. Authority to pay for services authorized but not subject to an agreement.’’. 
SEC. 113. IMPROVEMENT OF AUTHORITY TO RE-COVER THE COST OF SERVICES FUR-NISHED FOR NON-SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES. 
(a) B ROADENING SCOPE OF APPLICABILITY .— Section 1729 is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘the veteran’s’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual’s’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘the in-dividual’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the vet-eran’s’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual’s’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘the veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the veteran’s’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual’s’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘the veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the veteran’s’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual’s’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual’’; and (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘the veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘the veteran’s’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the individual’s’’; (3) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘A veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘An individual’’; and (4) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘an indi-vidual’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the vet-eran’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the vet-eran’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘A veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘An individual’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘a veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘an individual’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘the veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (a)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘(1) Subject’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in any case in which the United States is required by law to furnish or pay for care or services under this chapter for a non-service-connected disability described in paragraph (2) of this subsection, the United States has the right to recover or col-lect from a third party the reasonable charges of care or services so furnished or paid for to the extent that the recipient or provider of the care or services would be eligible to receive payment for such care or services from such third party if the care or services had not been furnished or paid for by a department or agency of the United States.’’. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .— Subparagraph (D) of subsection (a)(2) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) that is incurred by an individual who is entitled to care (or payment of the expenses of care) under a health-plan contract.’’. SEC. 114. PROCESSING OF CLAIMS FOR REIM-BURSEMENT THROUGH ELECTRONIC INTERFACE. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into an agreement with a third-party entity to process, through the use of an electronic inter-face, claims for reimbursement for health care provided under the laws administered by the Secretary. CHAPTER 3—EDUCATION AND TRAINING PROGRAMS 
SEC. 121. EDUCATION PROGRAM ON HEALTH CARE OPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall develop and administer an edu-cation program that teaches veterans about their health care options through the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The program under subsection (a) shall— (1) teach veterans about— (A) eligibility criteria for care from the De-partment set forth under sections 1703, as amended by section 101 of this title, and 1710 of title 38, United States Code; (B) priority groups for enrollment in the sys-tem of annual patient enrollment under section 1705(a) of such title; (C) the copayments and other financial obli-gations, if any, required of certain individuals for certain services; and (D) how to utilize the access standards and standards for quality established under sections 1703B and 1703C of such title; (2) teach veterans about the interaction be-tween health insurance (including private in-surance, Medicare, Medicaid, the TRICARE program, the Indian Health Service, tribal health programs, and other forms of insurance) and health care from the Department; and (3) provide veterans with information on what to do when they have a complaint about health care received from the Department (whether about the provider, the Department, or any other type of complaint). (c) A
CCESSIBILITY .—In developing the edu-cation program under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that materials under such program are accessible— (1) to veterans who may not have access to the internet; and (2) to veterans in a manner that complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.). (d) A
NNUAL EVALUATION AND REPORT .— (1) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall develop a method to evaluate the effectiveness of the education program under this section and evaluate the program using the method not less frequently than once each year. (2) R
EPORT .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report on the findings of the Secretary with respect to the most recent evaluation con-ducted by the Secretary under paragraph (1). (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
EDICAID .—The term ‘‘Medicaid’’ means the Medicaid program under title XIX of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). (2) M
EDICARE .—The term ‘‘Medicare’’ means the Medicare program under title XVIII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). (3) T
RICARE PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 122. TRAINING PROGRAM FOR ADMINISTRA-TION OF NON-DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS HEALTH CARE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Sec- retary of Veterans Affairs shall develop and im-plement a training program to train employees and contractors of the Department of Veterans Affairs on how to administer non-Department health care programs, including the following: (1) Reimbursement for non-Department emer-gency room care. (2) The Veterans Community Care Program under section 1703 of such title, as amended by section 101. (3) Management of prescriptions pursuant to improvements under section 131. (b) ANNUAL EVALUATION AND REPORT .—The Secretary shall— (1) develop a method to evaluate the effective-ness of the training program developed and im-plemented under subsection (a); (2) evaluate such program not less frequently than once each year; and (3) not less frequently than once each year, submit to Congress the findings of the Secretary with respect to the most recent evaluation car-ried out under paragraph (2). 
SEC. 123. CONTINUING MEDICAL EDUCATION FOR NON-DEPARTMENT MEDICAL PRO-FESSIONALS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a program to provide con-tinuing medical education material to non-De-partment medical professionals. (2) E
DUCATION PROVIDED .—The program es-tablished under paragraph (1) shall include education on the following: (A) Identifying and treating common mental and physical conditions of veterans and family members of veterans. (B) The health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (C) Such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (b) M
ATERIAL PROVIDED .—The continuing medical education material provided to non-De-partment medical professionals under the pro-gram established under subsection (a) shall be the same material provided to medical profes-sionals of the Department to ensure that all medical professionals treating veterans have ac-cess to the same materials, which supports core competencies throughout the community. (c) A
DMINISTRATION OF PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall admin-ister the program established under subsection (a) to participating non-Department medical professionals through an internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (2) C
URRICULUM AND CREDIT PROVIDED .—The Secretary shall determine the curriculum of the program and the number of hours of credit to provide to participating non-Department med-ical professionals for continuing medical edu-cation. (3) A
CCREDITATION .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the program is accredited in as many States as practicable. (4) C
ONSISTENCY WITH EXISTING RULES .—The Secretary shall ensure that the program is con-sistent with the rules and regulations of the fol-lowing: (A) The medical licensing agency of each State in which the program is accredited. (B) Such medical credentialing organizations as the Secretary considers appropriate. (5) U
SER COST .—The Secretary shall carry out the program at no cost to participating non-De-partment medical professionals. (6) M
ONITORING , EVALUATION , AND REPORT .— The Secretary shall monitor the utilization of the program established under subsection (a), evaluate its effectiveness, and report to Congress on utilization and effectiveness not less fre-quently than once each year. (d) N
ON-DEPARTMENT MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘non-De-partment medical professional’’ means any indi-vidual who is licensed by an appropriate med-ical authority in the United States and is in good standing, is not an employee of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and provides care to veterans or family members of veterans under the laws administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4024 May 16, 2018 
CHAPTER 4—OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO NON-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS PROVIDERS 
SEC. 131. ESTABLISHMENT OF PROCESSES TO EN-SURE SAFE OPIOID PRESCRIBING PRACTICES BY NON-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS. 
(a) R ECEIPT AND REVIEW OF GUIDELINES .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that all covered health care providers are provided a copy of and certify that they have reviewed the evidence-based guidelines for prescribing opioids set forth by the Opioid Safety Initiative of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (b) I
NCLUSION OF MEDICAL HISTORY AND CUR-
RENT MEDICATIONS .—The Secretary shall imple-ment a process to ensure that, if care of a vet-eran by a covered health care provider is au-thorized under the laws administered by the Secretary, the document authorizing such care includes the available and relevant medical his-tory of the veteran and a list of all medications prescribed to the veteran as known by the De-partment. (c) S
UBMITTAL OF MEDICAL RECORDS AND  P
RESCRIPTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, con-sistent with section 1703(a)(2)(A), as amended by section 101 of this title, and section 1703A(e)(2)(F), as added by section 102 of this title, require each covered health care provider to submit medical records of any care or services furnished, including records of any prescrip-tions for opioids, to the Department in the time-frame and format specified by the Secretary. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF DEPARTMENT FOR RE -
CORDING AND MONITORING .—In carrying out paragraph (1) and upon the receipt by the De-partment of the medical records described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) ensure the Department is responsible for the recording of the prescription in the elec-tronic health record of the veteran; and (B) enable other monitoring of the prescrip-tion as outlined in the Opioid Safety Initiative of the Department. (3) R
EPORT .—Not less frequently than annu-ally, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives a report evaluating the compliance of covered health care providers with the re-quirements under this section. (d) U
SE OF OPIOID SAFETY INITIATIVE GUIDE-
LINES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary determines that the opioid prescribing practices of a covered health care provider, when treating covered vet-erans, satisfy a condition described in para-graph (3), the Secretary shall take such action as the Secretary considers appropriate to ensure the safety of all veterans receiving care from that health care provider, including removing or directing the removal of any such health care provider from provider networks or otherwise re-fusing to authorize care of veterans by such health care provider in any program authorized under the laws administered by the Secretary. (2) I
NCLUSION IN CONTRACTS .—The Secretary shall ensure that any contracts, agreements, or other arrangements entered into by the Sec-retary with third parties involved in admin-istering programs that provide care in the com-munity to veterans under the laws administered by the Secretary specifically grant the authority set forth in paragraph (1) to such third parties and to the Secretary, as the case may be. (3) C
ONDITIONS FOR EXCLUSION OR LIMITA -
TION.—The Secretary shall take such action as is considered appropriate under paragraph (1) when the opioid prescribing practices of a cov-ered health care provider when treating covered veterans— (A) conflict with or are otherwise inconsistent with the standards of appropriate and safe care; (B) violate the requirements of a medical li-cense of the health care provider; or (C) may place at risk the veterans receiving health care from the provider. (e) COVERED HEALTH CARE PROVIDER DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered health care provider’’ means a non-Department of Veterans Affairs health care provider who provides health care to veterans under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, but does not include a health care pro-vider employed by another agency of the Fed-eral Government. 
SEC. 132. IMPROVING INFORMATION SHARING WITH COMMUNITY PROVIDERS. 
Section 7332(b)(2) is amended by striking sub-paragraph (H) and inserting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(H)(i) To a non-Department entity (includ-ing private entities and other Federal agencies) for purposes of providing health care, including hospital care, medical services, and extended care services, to patients or performing other health care-related activities or functions. ‘‘(ii) An entity to which a record is disclosed under this subparagraph may not disclose or use such record for a purpose other than that for which the disclosure was made or as permitted by law. ‘‘(I) To a third party in order to recover or collect reasonable charges for care furnished to, or paid on behalf of, a patient in connection with a non-service connected disability as per-mitted by section 1729 of this title or for a condi-tion for which recovery is authorized or with re-spect to which the United States is deemed to be a third party beneficiary under the Act entitled ‘An Act to provide for the recovery from tortiously liable third persons of the cost of hos-pital and medical care and treatment furnished by the United States’ (Public Law 87–693; 42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.; commonly known as the ‘Federal Medical Care Recovery Act’).’’. 
SEC. 133. COMPETENCY STANDARDS FOR NON-DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF STANDARDS AND RE-
QUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish standards and requirements for the provision of care by non-Department of Vet-erans Affairs health care providers in clinical areas for which the Department of Veterans Af-fairs has special expertise, including post-trau-matic stress disorder, military sexual trauma-re-lated conditions, and traumatic brain injuries. (b) C
ONDITION FOR ELIGIBILITY TOFURNISH  C
ARE.—(1) Each non-Department of Veterans Affairs health care provider shall, to the extent practicable as determined by the Secretary or otherwise provided for in paragraph (2), meet the standards and requirements established pur-suant to subsection (a) before furnishing care pursuant to a contract, agreement, or other ar-rangement with the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. Non-Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers furnishing care pursuant to a contract, agreement, or other arrangement shall, to the extent practicable as determined by the Secretary, fulfill training requirements es-tablished by the Secretary on how to deliver evi-dence-based treatments in the clinical areas for which the Department of Veterans Affairs has special expertise. (2) Each non-Department of Veterans Affairs health care provider who enters into a contract, agreement, or other arrangement after the effec-tive date identified in subsection (c) shall, to the extent practicable, meet the standards and re-quirements established pursuant to subsection (a) within 6 months of the contract, agreement, or other arrangement taking effect. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on the day that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 134. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PARTICIPATION IN NATIONAL NET-WORK OF STATE-BASED PRESCRIP-TION DRUG MONITORING PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 is amended by inserting after section 1730A the following new section: ‘‘§ 1730B. Access to State prescription drug monitoring programs ‘‘(a) A
CCESS TO PROGRAMS .—(1) Any licensed health care provider or delegate of such a pro-vider shall be considered an authorized recipient or user for the purpose of querying and receiv-ing data from the national network of State- based prescription drug monitoring programs to support the safe and effective prescribing of controlled substances to covered patients. ‘‘(2) Under the authority granted by para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) licensed health care providers or dele-gates of such providers shall query such net-work in accordance with applicable regulations and policies of the Veterans Health Administra-tion; and ‘‘(B) notwithstanding any general or specific provision of law, rule, or regulation of a State, no State may restrict the access of licensed health care providers or delegates of such pro-viders from accessing that State’s prescription drug monitoring programs. ‘‘(3) No State shall deny or revoke the license, registration, or certification of a licensed health care provider or delegate who otherwise meets that State’s qualifications for holding the li-cense, registration, or certification on the basis that the licensed health care provider or dele-gate queried or received data, or attempted to query or receive data, from the national net-work of State-based prescription drug moni-toring programs under this section. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED PATIENTS .—For purposes of this section, a covered patient is a patient who— ‘‘(1) receives a prescription for a controlled substance; and ‘‘(2) is not receiving palliative care or enrolled in hospice care. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘controlled substance’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(6) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802(6)). ‘‘(2) The term ‘delegate’ means a person or automated system accessing the national net-work of State-based prescription monitoring pro-grams at the direction or under the supervision of a licensed health care provider. ‘‘(3) The term ‘licensed health care provider’ means a health care provider employed by the Department who is licensed, certified, or reg-istered within any State to fill or prescribe medi-cations within the scope of his or her practice as a Department employee. ‘‘(4) The term ‘national network of State- based prescription monitoring programs’ means an interconnected nation-wide system that fa-cilitates the transfer to State prescription drug monitoring program data across State lines. ‘‘(5) The term ‘State’ means a State, as de-fined in section 101(20) of this title, or a political subdivision of a State.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 17 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1730A the following new item: ‘‘1730B. Access to State prescription drug moni-toring programs.’’. CHAPTER 5—OTHER NON-DEPARTMENT HEALTH CARE MATTERS 
SEC. 141. PLANS FOR USE OF SUPPLEMENTAL AP-PROPRIATIONS REQUIRED. 
Whenever the Secretary submits to Congress a request for supplemental appropriations or any other appropriation outside the standard budget process to address a budgetary issue affecting the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Sec-retary shall, not later than 45 days before the date on which such budgetary issue would start 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4025 May 16, 2018 
affecting a program or service, submit to Con-gress a justification for the request, including a plan that details how the Secretary intends to use the requested appropriation and how long the requested appropriation is expected to meet the needs of the Department and certification that the request was made using an updated and sound actuarial analysis. 
SEC. 142. VETERANS CHOICE FUND FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘by para-graph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘in paragraphs (3) and (4)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) P
ERMANENT AUTHORITY FOR OTHER  
USES.—Beginning on March 1, 2019, amounts re-maining in the Veterans Choice Fund may be used to furnish hospital care, medical services, and extended care services to individuals pursu-ant to chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non-Department facilities, including pursu-ant to non-Department provider programs other than the program established by section 101. Such amounts shall be available in addition to amounts available in other appropriations ac-counts for such purposes.’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘to sub-section (c)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘to paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (c)’’. 
SEC. 143. SUNSET OF VETERANS CHOICE PRO-GRAM. 
Subsection (p) of section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(p) A
UTHORITY TOFURNISH CARE AND SERV-
ICES.—The Secretary may not use the authority under this section to furnish care and services after the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018.’’. 
SEC. 144. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) T
ITLE 38 .—Title 38, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 1712(a)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘under clause (1), (2), or (5) of section 1703(a) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘or entered an agreement’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘under the provisions of this subsection and section 1703 of this title’’; (B) in section 1712A(e)(1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or agreements’’ after ‘‘con-tracts’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(under sections 1703(a)(2) and 1710(a)(1)(B) of this title)’’; and (C) in section 2303(a)(2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘with section 1703’’ and inserting ‘‘with sections 1703A, 8111, and 8153’’. (2) S
OCIAL SECURITY ACT .—Section 1866(a)(1)(L) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc(a)(1)(L)) is amended by striking ‘‘under section 603’’ and inserting ‘‘under chap-ter 17’’. (3) V
ETERANS ’ BENEFITS IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF  
1994.—Section 104(a)(4)(A) of the Veterans’ Bene-fits Improvements Act of 1994 (Public Law 103– 446; 38 U.S.C. 1117 note) is amended by striking ‘‘in section 1703’’ and inserting ‘‘in sections 1703A, 8111, and 8153’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date described in section 101(b). Subtitle B—Improving Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Delivery 
SEC. 151. LICENSURE OF HEALTH CARE PROFES-SIONALS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PROVIDING TREATMENT VIA TELEMEDICINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 is amended by inserting after section 1730B, as added by sec-tion 134, the following new section: ‘‘§ 1730C. Licensure of health care profes-sionals providing treatment via telemedi-cine ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any pro-vision of law regarding the licensure of health care professionals, a covered health care profes-sional may practice the health care profession of the health care professional at any location in any State, regardless of where the covered health care professional or the patient is lo-cated, if the covered health care professional is using telemedicine to provide treatment to an in-dividual under this chapter. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED HEALTH CARE PROFES -
SIONALS .—For purposes of this section, a cov-ered health care professional is any health care professional who— ‘‘(1) is an employee of the Department ap-pointed under the authority under section 7306, 7401, 7405, 7406, or 7408 of this title or title 5; ‘‘(2) is authorized by the Secretary to provide health care under this chapter; ‘‘(3) is required to adhere to all standards for quality relating to the provision of medicine in accordance with applicable policies of the De-partment; and ‘‘(4) has an active, current, full, and unre-stricted license, registration, or certification in a State to practice the health care profession of the health care professional. ‘‘(c) P
ROPERTY OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .— Subsection (a) shall apply to a covered health care professional providing treatment to a pa-tient regardless of whether the covered health care professional or patient is located in a facil-ity owned by the Federal Government during such treatment. ‘‘(d) R
ELATION TO STATE LAW.—(1) The provi-sions of this section shall supersede any provi-sions of the law of any State to the extent that such provision of State law are inconsistent with this section. ‘‘(2) No State shall deny or revoke the license, registration, or certification of a covered health care professional who otherwise meets the quali-fications of the State for holding the license, registration, or certification on the basis that the covered health care professional has en-gaged or intends to engage in activity covered by subsection (a). ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to remove, limit, or otherwise affect any obligation of a covered health care professional under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). ‘‘(f) S
TATE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘State’ means a State, as defined in section 101(20) of this title, or a political subdivision of a State.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 17 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1730B, as added by section 134, the following new item: ‘‘1730C. Licensure of health care professionals providing treatment via telemedi-cine.’’. (c) R
EPORT ON TELEMEDICINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the earlier of the date on which services pro-vided under section 1730B of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), first occur or regulations are promulgated to carry out such section, the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the effectiveness of the use of tele-medicine by the Department of Veterans Affairs. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall include an assessment of the fol-lowing: (A) The satisfaction of veterans with telemedi-cine furnished by the Department. (B) The satisfaction of health care providers in providing telemedicine furnished by the De-partment. (C) The effect of telemedicine furnished by the Department on the following: (i) The ability of veterans to access health care, whether from the Department or from non- Department health care providers. (ii) The frequency of use by veterans of tele-medicine. (iii) The productivity of health care providers. (iv) Wait times for an appointment for the re-ceipt of health care from the Department. (v) The use by veterans of in-person services at Department facilities and non-Department facilities. (D) The types of appointments for the receipt of telemedicine furnished by the Department that were provided during the one-year period preceding the submittal of the report. (E) The number of appointments for the re-ceipt of telemedicine furnished by the Depart-ment that were requested during such period, disaggregated by medical facility. (F) Savings by the Department, if any, includ-ing travel costs, from furnishing health care through the use of telemedicine during such pe-riod. SEC. 152. AUTHORITY FOR DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS CENTER FOR INNO-VATION FOR CARE AND PAYMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 17, as amended by this title, is further amended by inserting after section 1703D, as added by sec-tion 111, the following new section: ‘‘§ 1703E. Center for Innovation for Care and Payment ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) There is established within the Department a Center for Innovation for Care and Payment (in this section referred to as the ‘Center’). ‘‘(2) The Secretary, acting through the Center, may carry out such pilot programs the Secretary determines to be appropriate to develop innova-tive approaches to testing payment and service delivery models in order to reduce expenditures while preserving or enhancing the quality of care furnished by the Department. ‘‘(3) The Secretary, acting through the Center, shall test payment and service delivery models to determine whether such models— ‘‘(A) improve access to, and quality, timeli-ness, and patient satisfaction of care and serv-ices; and ‘‘(B) create cost savings for the Department. ‘‘(4)(A) The Secretary shall test a model in a location where the Secretary determines that the model will addresses deficits in care (including poor clinical outcomes or potentially avoidable expenditures) for a defined population. ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall focus on models the Secretary expects to reduce program costs while preserving or enhancing the quality of care re-ceived by individuals receiving benefits under this chapter. ‘‘(C) The models selected may include those described in section 1115A(b)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a(b)(2)(B)). ‘‘(5) In selecting a model for testing, the Sec-retary may consider, in addition to other factors identified in this subsection, the following fac-tors: ‘‘(A) Whether the model includes a regular process for monitoring and updating patient care plans in a manner that is consistent with the needs and preferences of individuals receiv-ing benefits under this chapter. ‘‘(B) Whether the model places the individual receiving benefits under this chapter (including family members and other caregivers of such in-dividual) at the center of the care team of such individual. ‘‘(C) Whether the model uses technology or new systems to coordinate care over time and across settings. ‘‘(D) Whether the model demonstrates effec-tive linkage with other public sector payers, pri-vate sector payers, or statewide payment models. ‘‘(6)(A) Models tested under this section may not be designed in such a way that would allow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4026 May 16, 2018 
the United States to recover or collect reason-able charges from a Federal health care program for care or services furnished by the Secretary to a veteran under pilot programs carried out under this section. ‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘Federal health care program’ means— ‘‘(i) an insurance program described in section 1811 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395c) or established by section 1831 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j); ‘‘(ii) a State plan for medical assistance ap-proved under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); or ‘‘(iii) a TRICARE program operated under sections 1075, 1075a, 1076, 1076a, 1076c, 1076d, 1076e, or 1076f of title 10. ‘‘(b) D
URATION .—Each pilot program carried out by the Secretary under this section shall ter-minate no later than five years after the date of the commencement of the pilot program. ‘‘(c) L
OCATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that each pilot program carried out under this section occurs in an area or areas appropriate for the intended purposes of the pilot program. To the extent practicable, the Secretary shall ensure that the pilot programs are located in geographically diverse areas of the United States. ‘‘(d) B
UDGET .—Funding for each pilot pro-gram carried out by the Secretary under this section shall come from appropriations— ‘‘(1) provided in advance in appropriations acts for the Veterans Health Administration; and ‘‘(2) provided for information technology sys-tems. ‘‘(e) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) publish information about each pilot pro-gram under this section in the Federal Register; and ‘‘(2) take reasonable actions to provide direct notice to veterans eligible to participate in such pilot programs. ‘‘(f) W
AIVER OF AUTHORITIES .—(1) Subject to reporting under paragraph (2) and approval under paragraph (3), in implementing a pilot program under this section, the Secretary may waive such requirements in subchapters I, II, and III of this chapter as the Secretary deter-mines necessary solely for the purposes of car-rying out this section with respect to testing models described in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) Before waiving any authority under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the mi-nority leader of the House of Representatives, the majority leader of the Senate, the minority leader of the Senate, and each standing com-mittee with jurisdiction under the rules of the Senate and of the House of Representatives to report a bill to amend the provision or provi-sions of law that would be waived by the De-partment, a report on a request for waiver that describes in detail the following: ‘‘(A) The specific authorities to be waived under the pilot program. ‘‘(B) The standard or standards to be used in the pilot program in lieu of the waived authori-ties. ‘‘(C) The reasons for such waiver or waivers. ‘‘(D) A description of the metric or metrics the Secretary will use to determine the effect of the waiver or waivers upon the access to and qual-ity, timeliness, or patient satisfaction of care and services furnished through the pilot pro-gram. ‘‘(E) The anticipated cost savings, if any, of the pilot program. ‘‘(F) The schedule for interim reports on the pilot program describing the results of the pilot program so far and the feasibility and advis-ability of continuing the pilot program. ‘‘(G) The schedule for the termination of the pilot program and the submission of a final re-port on the pilot program describing the result of the pilot program and the feasibility and ad-visability of making the pilot program perma-nent. ‘‘(H) The estimated budget of the pilot pro-gram. ‘‘(3)(A) Upon receipt of a report submitted under paragraph (2), each House of Congress shall provide copies of the report to the chair-man and ranking member of each standing com-mittee with jurisdiction under the rules of the House of Representatives or the Senate to report a bill to amend the provision or provisions of law that would be waived by the Department under this subsection. ‘‘(B) The waiver requested by the Secretary under paragraph (2) shall be considered ap-proved under this paragraph if there is enacted into law a joint resolution approving such re-quest in its entirety. ‘‘(C) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘joint resolution’ means only a joint resolution which is introduced within the period of five legislative days beginning on the date on which the Secretary transmits the report to the Con-gress under such paragraph (2), and— ‘‘(i) which does not have a preamble; and ‘‘(ii) the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘that Congress approves the request for a waiver under section 1703E(f) of title 38, United States Code, as submitted by the Secretary onll’, the blank space being filled with the appropriate date. ‘‘(D)(i) Any committee of the House of Rep-resentatives to which a joint resolution is re-ferred shall report it to the House without amendment not later than 15 legislative days after the date of introduction thereof. If a com-mittee fails to report the joint resolution within that period, the committee shall be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolu-tion. ‘‘(ii) It shall be in order at any time after the third legislative day after each committee au-thorized to consider a joint resolution has re-ported or has been discharged from consider-ation of a joint resolution, to move to proceed to consider the joint resolution in the House. All points of order against the motion are waived. Such a motion shall not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion to proceed on a joint resolution addressing a particular submis-sion. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion. The motion shall not be de-batable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. ‘‘(iii) The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against the joint res-olution and against its consideration are waived. The previous question shall be consid-ered as ordered on the joint resolution to its pas-sage without intervening motion except two hours of debate equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. A motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the joint reso-lution shall not be in order. ‘‘(E)(i) A joint resolution introduced in the Senate shall be referred to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. ‘‘(ii) Any committee of the Senate to which a joint resolution is referred shall report it to the Senate without amendment not later than 15 session days after the date of introduction of a joint resolution described in paragraph (C). If a committee fails to report the joint resolution within that period, the committee shall be dis-charged from further consideration of the joint resolution and the joint resolution shall be placed on the calendar. ‘‘(iii)(I) Notwithstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time after the third session day on which the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has reported or has been discharged from consideration of a joint resolution described in paragraph (C) (even though a previous motion to the same ef-fect has been disagreed to) to move to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion to proceed is not debatable. The motion is not subject to a motion to post-pone. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consid-eration of the resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business until disposed of. ‘‘(II) Consideration of the joint resolution, and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than two hours, which shall be divided equally between the majority and minority lead-ers or their designees. A motion further to limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amend-ment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. ‘‘(III) If the Senate has voted to proceed to a joint resolution, the vote on passage of the joint resolution shall occur immediately following the conclusion of consideration of the joint resolu-tion, and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate. ‘‘(IV) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the procedure re-lating to a joint resolution shall be decided without debate. ‘‘(F) A Joint resolution considered pursuant to this paragraph shall not be subject to amend-ment in either the House of Representatives or the Senate. ‘‘(G)(i) If, before the passage by one House of the joint resolution of that House, that House receives the joint resolution from the other House, then the following procedures shall apply: ‘‘(I) The joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee. ‘‘(II) With respect to the joint resolution of the House receiving the joint resolution— ‘‘(aa) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but ‘‘(bb) the vote on passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. ‘‘(ii) If the Senate fails to introduce or con-sider a joint resolution under this paragraph, the joint resolution of the House shall be enti-tled to expedited floor procedures under this subparagraph. ‘‘(iii) If, following passage of the joint resolu-tion in the Senate, the Senate then receives the companion measure from the House of Rep-resentatives, the companion measure shall not be debatable. ‘‘(H) This subparagraph is enacted by Con-gress— ‘‘(i) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representatives, re-spectively, and as such it is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution, and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and ‘‘(ii) with full recognition of the constitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedures of that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House.’’. ‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS .—(1) The Secretary may not carry out more than 10 pilot programs concur-rently. ‘‘(2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), the Sec-retary may not expend more than $50,000,000 in any fiscal year from amounts under subsection (d). ‘‘(B) The Secretary may expend more than the amount in subparagraph (A) if— ‘‘(i) the Secretary determines that the addi-tional expenditure is necessary to carry out pilot programs under this section; ‘‘(ii) the Secretary submits to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4027 May 16, 2018 
House of Representatives a report setting forth the amount of the additional expenditure and a justification for the additional expenditure; and ‘‘(iii) the Chairmen of the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives transmit to the Secretary a let-ter approving of the additional expenditure. ‘‘(3) The waiver provisions in subsection (f) shall not apply unless the Secretary, in accord-ance with the requirements in subsection (f), submits the first proposal for a pilot program not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018. ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding section 502 of this title, decisions by the Secretary under this section shall, consistent with section 511 of this title, be final and conclusive and may not be reviewed by any other official or by any court, whether by an action in the nature of mandamus or oth-erwise. ‘‘(5)(A) If the Secretary determines that a pilot program is not improving the quality of care or producing cost savings, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) propose a modification to the pilot pro-gram in the interim report that shall also be considered a report under subsection (f)(2) and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of subsection (f)(2); or ‘‘(ii) terminate such pilot program not later than 30 days after submitting the interim report to Congress. ‘‘(B) If the Secretary terminates a pilot pro-gram under subparagraph (A)(ii), for purposes of subparagraphs (F) and (G) of subsection (f)(2), such interim report will also serve as the final report for that pilot program. ‘‘(h) E
VALUATION AND REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—(1) The Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of each model tested, which shall in-clude, at a minimum, an analysis of— ‘‘(A) the quality of care furnished under the model, including the measurement of patient- level outcomes and patient-centeredness criteria determined appropriate by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) the changes in spending by reason of that model. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall make the results of each evaluation under this subsection available to the public in a timely fashion and may estab-lish requirements for other entities participating in the testing of models under this section to col-lect and report information that the Secretary determines is necessary to monitor and evaluate such models. ‘‘(i) C
OORDINATION AND ADVICE .—(1) The Sec-retary shall obtain advice from the Under Sec-retary for Health and the Special Medical Advi-sory Group established pursuant to section 7312 of this title in the development and implementa-tion of any pilot program operated under this section. ‘‘(2) In carrying out the duties under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall consult representatives of relevant Federal agencies, and clinical and analytical experts with expertise in medicine and health care management. The Secretary shall use appropriate mechanisms to seek input from interested parties. ‘‘(j) E
XPANSION OF SUCCESSFUL PILOT PRO-
GRAMS .—Taking into account the evaluation under subsection (f), the Secretary may, through rulemaking, expand (including imple-mentation on a nationwide basis) the duration and the scope of a model that is being tested under subsection (a) to the extent determined appropriate by the Secretary, if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary determines that such ex-pansion is expected to— ‘‘(A) reduce spending without reducing the quality of care; or ‘‘(B) improve the quality of patient care with-out increasing spending; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary determines that such ex-pansion would not deny or limit the coverage or provision of benefits for individuals receiving benefits under this chapter.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by this title, is further amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 1703D the following new item: ‘‘1703E. Center for Innovation for Care and Payment.’’. 
SEC. 153. AUTHORIZATION TO PROVIDE FOR OP-ERATIONS ON LIVE DONORS FOR PURPOSES OF CONDUCTING TRANS-PLANT PROCEDURES FOR VET-ERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter VIII of chapter 17 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 1788. Transplant procedures with live do-nors and related services ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c), in a case in which a veteran is eligible for a transplant procedure from the Department, the Secretary may provide for an operation on a live donor to carry out such procedure for such veteran, notwithstanding that the live donor may not be eligible for health care from the De-partment. ‘‘(b) O
THER SERVICES .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations for such purpose, the Secretary shall furnish to a live donor any care or services before and after conducting the transplant procedure under subsection (a) that may be required in connection with such proce-dure. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF NON-DEPARTMENT FACILITIES .— In carrying out this section, the Secretary may provide for the operation described in subsection (a) on a live donor and furnish to the live donor the care and services described in subsection (b) at a non-Department facility pursuant to an agreement entered into by the Secretary under this chapter. The live donor shall be deemed to be an individual eligible for hospital care and medical services at a non-Department facility pursuant to such an agreement solely for the purposes of receiving such operation, care, and services at the non-Department facility.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 17 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1787 the following new item: ‘‘1788. Transplant procedures with live donors and related services.’’. Subtitle C—Family Caregivers 
SEC. 161. EXPANSION OF FAMILY CAREGIVER PROGRAM OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) F AMILY CAREGIVER PROGRAM .— (1) E
XPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (B) of sub-section (a)(2) of section 1720G is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) for assistance provided under this sub-section— ‘‘(i) before the date on which the Secretary submits to Congress a certification that the De-partment has fully implemented the information technology system required by section 162(a) of the Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2018, has a serious injury (including traumatic brain in-jury, psychological trauma, or other mental dis-order) incurred or aggravated in the line of duty in the active military, naval, or air service on or after September 11, 2001; ‘‘(ii) during the two-year period beginning on the date on which the Secretary submitted to Congress the certification described in clause (i), has a serious injury (including traumatic brain injury, psychological trauma, or other mental disorder) incurred or aggravated in the line of duty in the active military, naval, or air serv-ice— ‘‘(I) on or before May 7, 1975; or ‘‘(II) on or after September 11, 2001; or ‘‘(iii) after the date that is two years after the date on which the Secretary submits to Congress the certification described in clause (i), has a se-rious injury (including traumatic brain injury, psychological trauma, or other mental disorder) incurred or aggravated in the line of duty in the active military, naval, or air service; and’’. (B) PUBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to Con-gress the certification described in subsection (a)(2)(B)(i) of section 1720G of such title, as amended by subparagraph (A) of this para-graph, the Secretary shall publish the date spec-ified in such subsection in the Federal Register. (2) E
XPANSION OF NEEDED SERVICES IN ELIGI -
BILITY CRITERIA .—Subsection (a)(2)(C) of such section is amended— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and in-serting a semicolon; (B) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (iv); and (C) by inserting after clause (ii) the following new clause (iii): ‘‘(iii) a need for regular or extensive instruc-tion or supervision without which the ability of the veteran to function in daily life would be se-riously impaired; or’’. (3) E
XPANSION OF SERVICES PROVIDED .—Sub- section (a)(3)(A)(ii) of such section is amended— (A) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subclause (V), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(VI) through the use of contracts with, or the provision of grants to, public or private enti-ties— ‘‘(aa) financial planning services relating to the needs of injured veterans and their care-givers; and ‘‘(bb) legal services, including legal advice and consultation, relating to the needs of in-jured veterans and their caregivers.’’. (4) M
ODIFICATION OF STIPEND CALCULATION .— Subsection (a)(3)(C) of such section is amend-ed— (A) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (iv); and (B) by inserting after clause (ii) the following new clause (iii): ‘‘(iii) In determining the amount and degree of personal care services provided under clause (i) with respect to an eligible veteran whose need for personal care services is based in whole or in part on a need for supervision or protec-tion under paragraph (2)(C)(ii) or regular in-struction or supervision under paragraph (2)(C)(iii), the Secretary shall take into account the following: ‘‘(I) The assessment by the family caregiver of the needs and limitations of the veteran. ‘‘(II) The extent to which the veteran can function safely and independently in the ab-sence of such supervision, protection, or instruc-tion. ‘‘(III) The amount of time required for the family caregiver to provide such supervision, protection, or instruction to the veteran.’’. (5) P
ERIODIC EVALUATION OF NEED FOR CER -
TAIN SERVICES .—Subsection (a)(3) of such sec-tion is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) In providing instruction, preparation, and training under subparagraph (A)(i)(I) and technical support under subparagraph (A)(i)(II) to each family caregiver who is approved as a provider of personal care services for an eligible veteran under paragraph (6), the Secretary shall periodically evaluate the needs of the eligible veteran and the skills of the family caregiver of such veteran to determine if additional instruc-tion, preparation, training, or technical support under those subparagraphs is necessary.’’. (6) U
SE OF PRIMARY CARE TEAMS .—Subsection (a)(5) of such section is amended, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(in collaboration with the primary care team for the eligible veteran to the maximum extent prac-ticable)’’ after ‘‘evaluate’’. (7) A
SSISTANCE FOR FAMILY CAREGIVERS .—Sub- section (a) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4028 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(11)(A) In providing assistance under this subsection to family caregivers of eligible vet-erans, the Secretary may enter into contracts, provider agreements, and memoranda of under-standing with Federal agencies, States, and pri-vate, nonprofit, and other entities to provide such assistance to such family caregivers. ‘‘(B) The Secretary may provide assistance under this paragraph only if such assistance is reasonably accessible to the family caregiver and is substantially equivalent or better in qual-ity to similar services provided by the Depart-ment. ‘‘(C) The Secretary may provide fair com-pensation to Federal agencies, States, and other entities that provide assistance under this para-graph.’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF PER-
SONAL CARE SERVICES .—Subsection (d)(4) of such section is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘inde-pendent’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as sub-paragraph (D); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(B) Supervision or protection based on symp-toms or residuals of neurological or other im-pairment or injury. ‘‘(C) Regular or extensive instruction or su-pervision without which the ability of the vet-eran to function in daily life would be seriously impaired.’’. 
SEC. 162. IMPLEMENTATION OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO AS-SESS AND IMPROVE THE FAMILY CAREGIVER PROGRAM. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF NEWSYSTEM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall im-plement an information technology system that fully supports the Program and allows for data assessment and comprehensive monitoring of the Program. (2) E
LEMENTS OF SYSTEM .—The information technology system required to be implemented under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) The ability to easily retrieve data that will allow all aspects of the Program (at the medical center and aggregate levels) and the workload trends for the Program to be assessed and com-prehensively monitored. (B) The ability to manage data with respect to a number of caregivers that is more than the number of caregivers that the Secretary expects to apply for the Program. (C) The ability to integrate the system with other relevant information technology systems of the Veterans Health Administration. (b) A
SSESSMENT OF PROGRAM .—Not later than 180 days after implementing the system de-scribed in subsection (a), the Secretary shall, through the Under Secretary for Health, use data from the system and other relevant data to conduct an assessment of how key aspects of the Program are structured and carried out. (c) O
NGOING MONITORING OF AND MODIFICA -
TIONS TO PROGRAM .— (1) M
ONITORING .—The Secretary shall use the system implemented under subsection (a) to monitor and assess the workload of the Pro-gram, including monitoring and assessment of data on— (A) the status of applications, appeals, and home visits in connection with the Program; and (B) the use by caregivers participating in the Program of other support services under the Program such as respite care. (2) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Based on the monitoring and assessment conducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall identify and implement such modifications to the Program as the Secretary considers necessary to ensure the Program is functioning as intended and providing veterans and caregivers participating in the Program with services in a timely manner. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) INITIAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives, and the Comptroller General of the United States a report that includes— (i) the status of the planning, development, and deployment of the system required to be im-plemented under subsection (a), including any changes in the timeline for the implementation of the system; and (ii) an assessment of the needs of family care-givers of veterans described in subparagraph (B), the resources needed for the inclusion of such family caregivers in the Program, and such changes to the Program as the Secretary con-siders necessary to ensure the successful expan-sion of the Program to include such family care-givers. (B) V
ETERANS DESCRIBED .—Veterans described in this subparagraph are veterans who are eligi-ble for the Program under clause (ii) or (iii) of section 1720G(a)(2)(B) of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 161(a)(1) of this title, solely due to a serious injury (including traumatic brain injury, psychological trauma, or other mental disorder) incurred or aggravated in the line of duty in the active military, naval, or air service before September 11, 2001. (2) N
OTIFICATION BY COMPTROLLER GEN -
ERAL.—The Comptroller General shall review the report submitted under paragraph (1) and notify the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives with respect to the progress of the Secretary in— (A) fully implementing the system required under subsection (a); and (B) implementing a process for using such sys-tem to monitor and assess the Program under subsection (c)(1) and modify the Program as considered necessary under subsection (c)(2). (3) F
INAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Comptroller General a report on the implementation of subsections (a) through (c). (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-paragraph (A) shall include the following: (i) A certification by the Secretary that the in-formation technology system described in sub-section (a) has been implemented. (ii) A description of how the Secretary has im-plemented such system. (iii) A description of the modifications to the Program, if any, that were identified and imple-mented under subsection (c)(2). (iv) A description of how the Secretary is using such system to monitor the workload of the Program. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
CTIVE MILITARY , NAVAL , OR AIR SERV -
ICE.—The term ‘‘active military, naval, or air service’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers under section 1720G(a) of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 161 of this title. 
SEC. 163. MODIFICATIONS TO ANNUAL EVALUA-TION REPORT ON CAREGIVER PRO-GRAM OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) B ARRIERS TO CARE AND SERVICES .—Sub- paragraph (A)(iv) of section 101(c)(2) of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Serv-ices Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 38 U.S.C. 1720G note) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including a description of any barriers to accessing and receiving care and services under such pro-grams’’ before the semicolon. (b) S
UFFICIENCY OF TRAINING FOR FAMILY  C
AREGIVER PROGRAM .—Subparagraph (B) of such section is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting a semicolon; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) an evaluation of the sufficiency and consistency of the training provided to family caregivers under such program in preparing family caregivers to provide care to veterans under such program.’’. TITLE II—VA ASSET AND INFRASTRUCTURE REVIEW Subtitle A—Asset and Infrastructure Review SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘VA Asset and Infrastructure Review Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 202. THE COMMISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an independent commission to be known as the ‘‘Asset and Infrastructure Review Commission’’ (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’). (b) D
UTIES .—The Commission shall carry out the duties specified for it in this subtitle. (c) A
PPOINTMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Commission shall be composed of 9 members appointed by the Presi-dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. (B) T
RANSMISSION OF NOMINATIONS .—The President shall transmit to the Senate the nomi-nations for appointment to the Commission not later than May 31, 2021. (2) C
ONSULTATION IN SELECTION PROCESS .—In selecting individuals for nominations for ap-pointments to the Commission, the President shall consult with— (A) the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives; (B) the majority leader of the Senate; (C) the minority leader of the House of Rep-resentatives; (D) the minority leader of the Senate; and (E) congressionally chartered, membership based veterans service organizations concerning the appointment of three members. (3) D
ESIGNATION OF CHAIR .—At the time the President nominates individuals for appoint-ment to the Commission under paragraph (1)(B), the President shall designate one such indi-vidual who shall serve as Chair of the Commis-sion and one such individual who shall serve as Vice Chair of the Commission. (4) M
EMBER REPRESENTATION .—In nominating individuals under this subsection, the President shall ensure that— (A) veterans, reflecting current demographics of veterans enrolled in the system of annual pa-tient enrollment under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code, are adequately represented in the membership of the Commission; (B) at least one member of the Commission has experience working for a private integrated health care system that has annual gross reve-nues of more than $50,000,000; (C) at least one member has experience as a senior manager for an entity specified in clause (ii), (iii), or (iv) of section 101(a)(1)(B) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note); (D) at least one member— (i) has experience with capital asset manage-ment for the Federal Government; and (ii) is familiar with trades related to building and real property, including construction, engi-neering, architecture, leasing, and strategic partnerships; and (E) at least three members represent congres-sionally chartered, membership-based, veterans service organizations. (d) M
EETINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall meet only during calendar years 2022 and 2023. (2) P
UBLIC NATURE OF MEETINGS AND PRO -
CEEDINGS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4029 May 16, 2018 
(A) P UBLIC MEETINGS .—Each meeting of the Commission shall be open to the public. (B) O
PEN PARTICIPATION .—All the pro-ceedings, information, and deliberations of the Commission shall be available for review by the public. (e) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the same manner as the origi-nal appointment, but the individual appointed to fill the vacancy shall serve only for the unex-pired portion of the term for which the individ-ual’s predecessor was appointed. (f) P
AY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Members of the Commission shall serve without pay. (2) O
FFICERS OR EMPLOYEES OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—Each member of the Commission who is an officer or employee of the United States shall serve without compensation in addition to that received for service as an officer or employee of the United States. (3) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—Members shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (g) D
IRECTOR OF STAFF.— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Commission shall ap-point a Director who— (A) has not served as an employee of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs during the one- year period preceding the date of such appoint-ment; and (B) is not otherwise barred or prohibited from serving as Director under Federal ethics laws and regulations, by reason of post-employment conflict of interest. (2) R
ATE OF PAY .—The Director shall be paid at the rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. (h) S
TAFF.— (1) P
AY OF PERSONNEL .—Subject to para-graphs (2) and (3), the Director, with the ap-proval of the Commission, may appoint and fix the pay of additional personnel. (2) E
XEMPTION FROM CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Director may make such appoint-ments without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service, and any personnel so appointed may be paid without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that an individual so appointed may not receive pay in excess of the annual rate of basic pay payable for GS–15 of the General Schedule. (3) D
ETAILEES .— (A) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER .—Not more than two-thirds of the personnel employed by or de-tailed to the Commission may be on detail from the Department of Veterans Affairs. (B) P
ROFESSIONAL ANALYSTS .—Not more than half of the professional analysts of the Commis-sion staff may be persons detailed from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to the Commission. (C) P
ROHIBITION ON DETAIL OF CERTAIN PER -
SONNEL .—A person may not be detailed from the Department of Veterans Affairs to the Commis-sion if, within 6 months before the detail is to begin, that person participated personally and substantially in any matter within the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs concerning the prepa-ration of recommendations regarding facilities of the Veterans Health Administration. (4) A
UTHORITY TO REQUEST DETAILED PER -
SONNEL .—Subject to paragraph (3), the head of any Federal department or agency, upon the re-quest of the Director, may detail any of the per-sonnel of that department or agency to the Com-mission to assist the Commission in carrying out its duties under this subtitle. (5) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— The Commission may secure directly from any Federal agency such information the Commis-sion considers necessary to carry out this sub-title. Upon request of the Chair, the head of such agency shall furnish such information to the Commission. (i) OTHER AUTHORITY .— (1) T
EMPORARY AND INTERMITTENT SERVICES .— The Commission may procure by contract, to the extent funds are available, the temporary or intermittent services of experts or consultants pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code. (2) L
EASING AND ACQUISITION OF PROPERTY .— To the extent funds are available, the Commis-sion may lease real property and acquire per-sonal property either of its own accord or in consultation with the General Services Adminis-tration. (j) T
ERMINATION .—The Commission shall ter-minate on December 31, 2023. (k) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST RESTRICTING COM-
MUNICATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), no person may restrict an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs in commu-nicating with the Commission. (2) U
NLAWFUL COMMUNICATIONS .—Paragraph (1) does not apply to a communication that is unlawful. 
SEC. 203. PROCEDURE FOR MAKING REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) S ELECTION CRITERIA .— (1) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall, not later than February 1, 2021, and after con-sulting with veterans service organizations, pub-lish in the Federal Register and transmit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives the criteria proposed to be used by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in assessing and making rec-ommendations regarding the modernization or realignment of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration under this subtitle. Such criteria shall include the preferences of veterans regard-ing health care furnished by the Department. (2) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—The Secretary shall provide an opportunity for public comment on the proposed criteria under paragraph (1) for a period of at least 90 days and shall include no-tice of that opportunity in the publication re-quired under such paragraph. (3) P
UBLICATION OF FINAL CRITERIA .—The Sec- retary shall, not later than May 31, 2021, pub-lish in the Federal Register and transmit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives the final cri-teria to be used in making recommendations re-garding the closure, modernization, or realign-ment of facilities of the Veterans Health Admin-istration under this subtitle. (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS OF THE SECRETARY .— (1) P
UBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .—The Secretary shall, not later than January 31, 2022, and after consulting with veterans service orga-nizations, publish in the Federal Register and transmit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives and to the Commission a report detailing the recommendations regarding the modernization or realignment of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration on the basis of the final criteria referred to in subsection (a)(2) that are applicable. (2) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In making recommendations under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall consider each of the following fac-tors: (A) The degree to which any health care de-livery or other site for providing services to vet-erans reflect the metrics of the Department of Veterans Affairs regarding market area health system planning. (B) The provision of effective and efficient ac-cess to high-quality health care and services for veterans. (C) The extent to which the real property that no longer meets the needs of the Federal Gov-ernment could be reconfigured, repurposed, con-solidated, realigned, exchanged, outleased, re-placed, sold, or disposed. (D) The need of the Veterans Health Adminis-tration to acquire infrastructure or facilities that will be used for the provision of health care and services to veterans. (E) The extent to which the operating and maintenance costs are reduced through consoli-dating, colocating, and reconfiguring space, and through realizing other operational efficiencies. (F) The extent and timing of potential costs and savings, including the number of years such costs or savings will be incurred, beginning with the date of completion of the proposed rec-ommendation. (G) The extent to which the real property aligns with the mission of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (H) The extent to which any action would im-pact other missions of the Department (includ-ing education, research, or emergency prepared-ness). (I) Local stakeholder inputs and any factors identified through public field hearings. (J) The assessments under paragraph (3). (K) The extent to which the Veterans Health Administration has appropriately staffed the medical facility, including determinations whether there has been insufficient resource al-location or deliberate understaffing. (L) Any other such factors the Secretary de-termines appropriate. (3) CAPACITY AND COMMERCIAL MARKET AS -
SESSMENTS .— (A) A
SSESSMENTS .—The Secretary shall assess the capacity of each Veterans Integrated Service Network and medical facility of the Department to furnish hospital care or medical services to veterans under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code. Each such assessment shall— (i) identify gaps in furnishing such care or services at such Veterans Integrated Service Network or medical facility; (ii) identify how such gaps can be filled by— (I) entering into contracts or agreements with network providers under this section or with en-tities under other provisions of law; (II) making changes in the way such care and services are furnished at such Veterans Inte-grated Service Network or medical facility, in-cluding— (aa) extending hours of operation; (bb) adding personnel; or (cc) expanding space through the construc-tion, leasing, or sharing of health care facilities; and (III) the building or realignment of Depart-ment resources or personnel; (iii) forecast, based on future projections and historical trends, both the short- and long-term demand in furnishing care or services at such Veterans Integrated Service Network or medical facility and assess how such demand affects the needs to use such network providers; (iv) include a commercial health care market assessment of designated catchment areas in the United States conducted by a non-governmental entity; and (v) consider the unique ability of the Federal Government to retain a presence in an area oth-erwise devoid of commercial health care pro-viders or from which such providers are at risk of leaving. (B) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the as-sessments under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall consult with veterans service orga-nizations and veterans served by each such Vet-erans Integrated Service Network and medical facility. (C) S
UBMITTAL .—The Secretary shall submit such assessments to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate with the recommendations of the Sec-retary under this subsection and make the as-sessments publicly available. (4) S
UMMARY OF SELECTION PROCESS .—The Secretary shall include, with the list of rec-ommendations published and transmitted pursu-ant to paragraph (1), a summary of the selection process that resulted in the recommendation for each facility of the Veterans Health Administra-tion, including a justification for each rec-ommendation. The Secretary shall transmit the matters referred to in the preceding sentence not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4030 May 16, 2018 
later than 7 days after the date of the trans-mittal to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives and the Commission of the report referred to in paragraph (1). (5) T
REATMENT OF FACILITIES .—In assessing facilities of the Veterans Health Administration, the Secretary shall consider all such facilities equally without regard to whether the facility has been previously considered or proposed for reuse, closure, modernization, or realignment by the Department of Veterans Affairs. (6) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION TO CON -
GRESS .—In addition to making all information used by the Secretary to prepare the rec-ommendations under this subsection available to Congress (including any committee or Member of Congress), the Secretary shall also make such information available to the Commission and the Comptroller General of the United States. (7) C
ERTIFICATION OF ACCURACY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each person referred to in subparagraph (B), when submitting information to the Secretary or the Commission concerning the modernization or realignment of a facility of the Veterans Health Administration, shall cer-tify that such information is accurate and com-plete to the best of that person’s knowledge and belief. (B) C
OVERED PERSONS .—Subparagraph (A) ap-plies to the following persons: (i) Each Under Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (ii) Each director of a Veterans Integrated Service Network. (iii) Each director of a medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (iv) Each director of a program office of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (v) Each person who is in a position the duties of which include personal and substantial in-volvement in the preparation and submission of information and recommendations concerning the modernization or realignment of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration. (c) R
EVIEW AND RECOMMENDATIONS BY THE  C
OMMISSION .— (1) P
UBLIC HEARINGS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—After receiving the rec-ommendations from the Secretary pursuant to subsection (b), the Commission shall conduct public hearings on the recommendations. (B) L
OCATIONS .—The Commission shall con-duct public hearings in regions affected by a recommendation of the Secretary to close a facil-ity of the Veterans Health Administration. To the greatest extent practicable, the Commission shall conduct public hearings in regions affected by a recommendation of the Secretary to mod-ernize or realign such a facility. (C) R
EQUIRED WITNESSES .—Witnesses at each public hearing shall include at a minimum— (i) a veteran— (I) enrolled under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code; and (II) identified by a local veterans service orga-nization; and (ii) a local elected official. (2) T
RANSMITTAL TO PRESIDENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall, not later than January 31, 2023, transmit to the President a report containing the Commission’s findings and conclusions based on a review and analysis of the recommendations made by the Secretary, together with the Commission’s rec-ommendations, for modernizations and realign-ments of facilities of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration. (B) A
UTHORITY TO MAKE CHANGES TO REC -
OMMENDATIONS .—Subject to subparagraph (C), in making its recommendations, the Commission may change any recommendation made by the Secretary if the Commission— (i) determines that the Secretary deviated sub-stantially from the final criteria referred to in subsection (a)(2) in making such recommenda-tion; (ii) determines that the change is consistent with the final criteria referred to in subsection (a)(2); (iii) publishes a notice of the proposed change in the Federal Register not less than 45 days be-fore transmitting its recommendations to the President pursuant to subparagraph (A); and (iv) conducts public hearings on the proposed change. (3) JUSTIFICATION FOR CHANGES .—The Com- mission shall explain and justify in its report submitted to the President pursuant to para-graph (2) any recommendation made by the Commission that is different from the rec-ommendations made by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (b). The Commission shall transmit a copy of such report to the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the same date on which it transmits its recommendations to the President under paragraph (2). (4) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION TO CON -
GRESS .—After the Commission transmits its re-port to the President, the Commission shall promptly provide, upon request, to any Member of Congress, information used by the Commis-sion in making its recommendations. (d) R
EVIEW BY THE PRESIDENT .— (1) R
EPORT .—The President shall, not later than February 15, 2023, transmit to the Commis-sion and to the Congress a report containing the President’s approval or disapproval of the Com-mission’s recommendations. (2) P
RESIDENTIAL APPROVAL .—If the President approves all the recommendations of the Com-mission, the President shall transmit a copy of such recommendations to the Congress, together with a certification of such approval. (3) P
RESIDENTIAL DISAPPROVAL .—If the Presi-dent disapproves the recommendations of the Commission, in whole or in part, the President shall transmit to the Commission and the Con-gress, not later than March 1, 2023, the reasons for that disapproval. The Commission, after con-sideration of the President’s reasons for dis-approval, shall then transmit to the President, not later than March 15, 2023, a report con-taining— (A) the Commission’s findings and conclusions based on a review and analysis of those reasons for disapproval provided by the President; and (B) recommendations that the Commission de-termines are appropriate for modernizations and realignments of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration. (4) T
RANSMITTAL OF RECOMMENDATIONS TO  
CONGRESS .—If the President approves all rec-ommendations of the Commission transmitted to the President under paragraph (3), the Presi-dent shall transmit a copy of such recommenda-tions to the Congress, together with a certifi-cation of such approval. (5) F
AILURE TO TRANSMIT .—If the President does not transmit to the Congress an approval and certification described in paragraph (2) or (4) by March 30, 2023, the process by which fa-cilities of the Veterans Health Administration may be selected for modernization or realign-ment under this subtitle shall be terminated. 
SEC. 204. ACTIONS REGARDING INFRASTRUC-TURE AND FACILITIES OF THE VET-ERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary shall begin to implement the rec-ommended modernizations and realignments in the report under section 203(d) not later than three years after the date on which the Presi-dent transmits such report to Congress. In any fiscal year, such implementation includes— (1) the planning of modernizations and re-alignments of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration as recommended in such report; and (2) providing detailed information on the budget for such modernizations or realignments in documents submitted to Congress by the Sec-retary in support of the President’s budget for that fiscal year. (b) C
ONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not carry out any modernization or realignment rec-ommended by the Commission in a report trans-mitted from the President pursuant to section 203(d) if a joint resolution is enacted, in accord-ance with the provisions of section 207, dis-approving such recommendations of the Com-mission before the earlier of— (A) the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the President transmits such report; or (B) the adjournment of Congress sine die for the session during which such report is trans-mitted. (2) COMPUTATION OF PERIOD .—For purposes of paragraph (1) and subsections (a) and (c) of sec-tion 207, the days on which either House of Con-gress is not in session because of an adjourn-ment of more than three days to a day certain shall be excluded in the computation of a pe-riod. 
SEC. 205. IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) M
ODERNIZING AND REALIGNING FACILI -
TIES.—In modernizing or realigning any facility of the Veterans Health Administration under this subtitle, the Secretary may— (A) take such actions as may be necessary to modernize or realign any such facility, includ-ing the alteration of such facilities, the acquisi-tion of such land, the leasing or construction of such replacement facilities, the disposition of such land or facilities, the performance of such activities, and the conduct of such advance planning and design as may be required to transfer functions from a facility of the Vet-erans Health Administration to another such fa-cility, and may use for such purpose funds in the Account or funds appropriated to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for such purposes; (B) carry out activities for the purposes of en-vironmental mitigation, abatement, or restora-tion at any such facility, and shall use for such purposes funds in the Account; (C) reimburse other Federal agencies for ac-tions performed at the request of the Secretary with respect to any such closure or realignment, and may use for such purpose funds in the Ac-count or funds appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs and available for such pur-pose; and (D) exercise the authority of the Secretary under subchapter V of chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code. (2) E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION ; HISTORIC  
PRESERVATION .—In carrying out any closure or realignment under this subtitle, the Secretary, with regards to any property made excess to the needs of the Department of Veterans Affairs as a result of such closure or realignment, shall carry out, as soon as possible with funds avail-able for such purpose, any of the following for which the Secretary is responsible: (A) Environmental mitigation. (B) Environmental abatement. (C) Environmental restoration. (D) Compliance with historic preservation re-quirements. (b) M
ANAGEMENT AND DISPOSAL OF PROP-
ERTY.— (1) E
XISTING DISPOSAL AUTHORITIES .—To transfer or dispose of surplus real property or infrastructure located at any facility of the Vet-erans Health Administration that is modernized or realigned under this title, the Secretary may exercise the authorities of the Secretary under subchapters I and II of chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, or the authorities delegated to the Secretary by the Administrator of General Services under subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code. (2) E
FFECTS ON LOCAL COMMUNITIES .— (A) C
ONSULTATION WITH STATE AND LOCAL  
GOVERNMENT .—Before any action may be taken with respect to the disposal of any surplus real property or infrastructure located at any facil-ity of the Veterans Health Administration to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall consult with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4031 May 16, 2018 
Governor of the State and the heads of the local governments concerned for the purpose of con-sidering any plan for the use of such property by the local community concerned. (B) T
REATMENT OF ROADS .—If infrastructure or a facility of the Veterans Health Administra-tion to be closed or realigned under this subtitle includes a road used for public access through, into, or around the facility, the Secretary— (i) shall consult with the Government of the State and the heads of the local governments concerned for the purpose of considering the continued availability of the road for public use after the recommended action is complete; and (ii) may exercise the authority of the Sec-retary under section 8108 of title 38, United States Code. (3) L
EASES ; CERCLA .— (A) L
EASE AUTHORITY .— (i) T
RANSFER TO REDEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY  
FOR LEASE .—The Secretary may transfer title to a facility of the Veterans Health Administration approved for closure or realignment under this subtitle (including property at a facility of the Veterans Health Administration approved for realignment which will be retained by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs or another Federal agency after realignment) to the redevelopment authority for the facility if the redevelopment authority agrees to lease, directly upon transfer, one or more portions of the property transferred under this subparagraph to the Secretary or to the head of another department or agency of the Federal Government. (ii) T
ERM OF LEASE .—A lease under clause (i) shall be for a term of not to exceed 50 years, but may provide for options for renewal or extension of the term by the department or agency con-cerned. (iii) L
IMITATION .—A lease under clause (i) may not require rental payments by the United States. (iv) T
REATMENT OF REMAINDERED LEASE  
TERMS .—A lease under clause (i) shall include a provision specifying that if the department or agency concerned ceases requiring the use of the leased property before the expiration of the term of the lease, the remainder of the lease term may be satisfied by the same or another department or agency of the Federal Government using the property for a use similar to the use under the lease. Exercise of the authority provided by this clause shall be made in consultation with the re-development authority concerned. (v) F
ACILITY SERVICES .—Notwithstanding clause (iii), if a lease under clause (i) involves a substantial portion of the facility, the depart-ment or agency concerned may obtain facility services for the leased property and common area maintenance from the redevelopment au-thority or the redevelopment authority’s as-signee as a provision of the lease. The facility services and common area maintenance shall be provided at a rate no higher than the rate charged to non-Federal tenants of the trans-ferred property. Facility services and common area maintenance covered by the lease shall not include— (I) municipal services that a State or local government is required by law to provide to all landowners in its jurisdiction without direct charge; or (II) firefighting or security-guard functions. (B) A
PPLICATION OF CERCLA .—The provisions of section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)) shall apply to any transfer of real property under this para-graph. (C) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require any additional terms and conditions in connection with a transfer under this paragraph as such Secretary considers ap-propriate to protect the interests of the United States. (4) A
PPLICATION OF MCKINNEY -VENTO HOME -
LESS ASSISTANCE ACT .—Nothing in this subtitle shall limit or otherwise affect the application of the provisions of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.) to facili-ties of the Veterans Health Administration closed under this subtitle. (c) APPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL ENVIRON -
MENTAL POLICY ACT OF 1969.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The provisions of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) shall not apply to the ac-tions of the President, the Commission, and, ex-cept as provided in paragraph (2), the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in carrying out this subtitle. (2) D
EPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .— (A) C
OVERED ACTIVITIES .—The provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 shall apply to actions of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs under this subtitle— (i) during the process of property disposal; and (ii) during the process of relocating functions from a facility of the Veterans Health Adminis-tration being closed or realigned to another fa-cility after the receiving facility has been se-lected but before the functions are relocated. (B) O
THER ACTIVITIES .—In applying the provi-sions of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 to the processes referred to in subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall not have to con-sider— (i) the need for closing or realigning the facil-ity of the Veterans Health Administration as recommended by the Commission; (ii) the need for transferring functions to any facility of the Veterans Health Administration which has been selected as the receiving facility; or (iii) facilities of the Veterans Health Adminis-tration alternative to those recommended or se-lected. (d) W
AIVER .— (1) R
ESTRICTIONS ON USE OF FUNDS .—The Sec- retary may close or realign facilities of the Vet-erans Health Administration under this subtitle without regard to any provision of law restrict-ing the use of funds for closing or realigning fa-cilities of the Veterans Health Administration included in any appropriation or authorization Act. (2) R
ESTRICTIONS ON AUTHORITIES .—The Sec- retary may close or realign facilities of the Vet-erans Health Administration under this subtitle without regard to the restrictions of section 8110 of title 38, United States Code. (e) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY IN CONNECTION  W
ITHPAYMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDI -
ATION COSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) T
RANSFER BY DEED .—Subject to paragraph (2) of this subsection and section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)), the Secretary may enter into an agree-ment to transfer by deed a facility of the Vet-erans Health Administration with any person who agrees to perform all environmental res-toration, waste management, and environmental compliance activities that are required for the property or facilities under Federal and State laws, administrative decisions, agreements (in-cluding schedules and milestones), and concur-rences. (B) A
DDITIONAL TERMS OR CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require any additional terms and conditions in connection with an agreement au-thorized by subparagraph (A) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (2) L
IMITATION .—A transfer of a facility of the Veterans Health Administration may be made under paragraph (1) only if the Secretary cer-tifies to Congress that— (A) the costs of all environmental restoration, waste management, and environmental compli-ance activities otherwise to be paid by the Sec-retary with respect to the facility of the Vet-erans Health Administration are equal to or greater than the fair market value of the prop-erty or facilities to be transferred, as determined by the Secretary; or (B) if such costs are lower than the fair mar-ket value of the facility of the Veterans Health Administration, the recipient of such transfer agrees to pay the difference between the fair market value and such costs. (3) PAYMENT BY THE SECRETARY FOR CERTAIN  
TRANSFERS .—In the case of a facility of the Vet-erans Health Administration covered by a cer-tification under paragraph (2)(A), the Secretary may pay the recipient of such facility an amount equal to the lesser of— (A) the amount by which the costs incurred by the recipient of the facility of the Veterans Health Administration for all environmental res-toration, waste, management, and environ-mental compliance activities with respect to such facility exceed the fair market value of such property as specified in such certification; or (B) the amount by which the costs (as deter-mined by the Secretary) that would otherwise have been incurred by the Secretary for such restoration, management, and activities with re-spect to such facility of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration exceed the fair market value of property as so specified. (4) D
ISCLOSURE .—As part of an agreement under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall dis-close to the person to whom the facility of the Veterans Health Administration will be trans-ferred any information of the Secretary regard-ing the environmental restoration, waste man-agement, and environmental compliance activi-ties described in paragraph (1) that relate to the facility of the Veterans Health Administration. The Secretary shall provide such information before entering into the agreement. (5) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN ENVIRONMENTAL  
LAWS .—Nothing in this subsection shall be con-strued to modify, alter, or amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) or the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). 
SEC. 206. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ASSET AND INFRASTRUCTURE RE-VIEW ACCOUNT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby estab-lished in the ledgers of the Treasury an account to be known as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Af-fairs Asset and Infrastructure Review Account’’ which shall be administered by the Secretary as a single account. (b) C
REDITS TO ACCOUNT .—There shall be credited to the Account the following: (1) Funds authorized for and appropriated to the Account. (2) Proceeds received from the lease, transfer, or disposal of any property at a facility of the Veterans Health Administration closed or re-aligned under this subtitle. (c) U
SE OF ACCOUNT .—The Secretary may use the funds in the Account only for the following purposes: (1) To carry out this subtitle. (2) To cover property management and dis-posal costs incurred at facilities of the Veterans Health Administration closed, modernized, or re-aligned under this subtitle. (3) To cover costs associated with supervision, inspection, overhead, engineering, and design of construction projects undertaken under this subtitle, and subsequent claims, if any, related to such activities. (4) Other purposes that the Secretary deter-mines support the mission and operations of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (d) C
ONSOLIDATED BUDGET JUSTIFICATION DIS-
PLAY FOR ACCOUNT .— (1) C
ONSOLIDATED BUDGET INFORMATION RE -
QUIRED .—The Secretary shall establish a con-solidated budget justification display in support of the Account that for each fiscal year— (A) details the amount and nature of credits to, and expenditures from, the Account during the preceding fiscal year; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4032 May 16, 2018 
(B) separately details the environmental reme-diation costs associated with facility of the Vet-erans Health Administration for which a budget request is made; (C) specifies the transfers into the Account and the purposes for which these transferred funds will be further obligated, to include care-taker and environment remediation costs associ-ated with each facility of the Veterans Health Administration; and (D) details any intra-budget activity transfers within the Account that exceeded $1,000,000 dur-ing the preceding fiscal year or that are pro-posed for the next fiscal year and will exceed $1,000,000. (2) S
UBMISSION .—The Secretary shall include the information required by paragraph (1) in the materials that the Secretary submits to Congress in support of the budget for a fiscal year sub-mitted by the President pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. (e) C
LOSURE OF ACCOUNT ; TREATMENT OF RE-
MAINING FUNDS.— (1) C
LOSURE .—The Account shall be closed at the time and in the manner provided for appro-priation accounts under section 1555 of title 31, United States Code, except that unobligated funds which remain in the Account upon clo-sure shall be held by the Secretary of the Treas-ury until transferred to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs by law after the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives receive the final report trans-mitted under paragraph (2). (2) F
INAL REPORT .—No later than 60 days after the closure of the Account under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall transmit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives and the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate a report containing an accounting of— (A) all the funds credited to and expended from the Account or otherwise expended under this subtitle; and (B) any funds remaining in the Account. 
SEC. 207. CONGRESSIONAL CONSIDERATION OF COMMISSION REPORT. 
(a) D ISAPPROVAL RESOLUTION .—For purposes of this subtitle, the term ‘‘joint resolution’’ means only a joint resolution which is intro-duced within the 5-day period beginning on the date on which the President transmits the report to the Congress under section 203(d), and— (1) which does not have a preamble; (2) the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘that Congress disapproves the recommendations of the VHA Asset and In-frastructure Review Commission as submitted by the President on lll’’, the blank space being filled with the appropriate date; and (3) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘Joint reso-lution disapproving the recommendations of the VHA Asset and Infrastructure Review Commis-sion.’’. (b) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES .— (1) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—Any com-mittee of the House of Representatives to which a joint resolution is referred shall report it to the House without amendment not later than 15 legislative days after the date of introduction thereof. If a committee fails to report the joint resolution within that period, the committee shall be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolution. (2) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—It shall be in order at any time after the third legislative day after each committee authorized to consider a joint resolution has reported or has been dis-charged from consideration of a joint resolution, to move to proceed to consider the joint resolu-tion in the House. All points of order against the motion are waived. Such a motion shall not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion to proceed on a joint resolution address-ing a particular submission. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the mo-tion to its adoption without intervening motion. The motion shall not be debatable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is dis-posed of shall not be in order. (3) CONSIDERATION.—The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against the joint resolution and against its con-sideration are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint reso-lution to its passage without intervening motion except two hours of debate equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. A motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the joint resolution shall not be in order. (c) CONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— (1) R
EFERRAL .—A joint resolution introduced in the Senate shall be referred to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. (2) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—Any com-mittee of the Senate to which a joint resolution is referred shall report it to the Senate without amendment not later than 15 session days after the date of introduction of a joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a). If a committee fails to report the joint resolution within that period, the committee shall be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolution and the joint resolution shall be placed on the calendar. (3) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time after the third session day on which the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has reported or has been discharged from consider-ation of a joint resolution described in sub-section (a) (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) to move to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-tion, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion to pro-ceed is not debatable. The motion is not subject to a motion to postpone. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or dis-agreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business until disposed of. (B) C
ONSIDERATION .—Consideration of the joint resolution, and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 2 hours, which shall be divided equally between the majority and minor-ity leaders or their designees. A motion further to limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a mo-tion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint reso-lution is not in order. (C) V
OTE ON PASSAGE .—If the Senate has voted to proceed to a joint resolution, the vote on passage of the joint resolution shall occur immediately following the conclusion of consid-eration of the joint resolution, and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate. (D) R
ULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCEDURE .— Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the procedure relating to a joint resolution shall be decided without debate. (d) A
MENDMENT NOT IN ORDER .—A joint reso-lution of disapproval considered pursuant to this section shall not be subject to amendment in either the House of Representatives or the Sen-ate. (e) C
OORDINATION WITHACTION BY OTHER H
OUSE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If, before the passage by one House of the joint resolution of that House, that House receives the joint resolution from the other House, then the following procedures shall apply: ‘‘(A) The joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee. ‘‘(B) With respect to the joint resolution of the House receiving the joint resolution— ‘‘(i) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but (ii) the vote on passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House.’’. (2) TREATMENT OF JOINT RESOLUTION OF  
OTHER HOUSE .—If the Senate fails to introduce or consider a joint resolution under this section, the joint resolution of the House shall be enti-tled to expedited floor procedures under this sec-tion. (3) T
REATMENT OF COMPANION MEASURES .—If, following passage of the joint resolution in the Senate, the Senate then receives the companion measure from the House of Representatives, the companion measure shall not be debatable. (f) R
ULES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
ANDSENATE .—This section is enacted by Con-gress— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and House of Representatives, re-spectively, and as such it is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution, and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and (2) with full recognition of the constitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
SEC. 208. OTHER MATTERS. 
(a) O NLINE PUBLICATION OF COMMUNICA -
TIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 24 hours after the transmission or receipt of any communica-tion under this subtitle that is transmitted or re-ceived by a party specified in paragraph (2), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall publish such communication online. (2) P
ARTIES SPECIFIED .—The parties specified under this paragraph are the following: (A) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs. (B) The Commission. (C) The President. (b) C
ONTINUATION OF EXISTING CONSTRUCTION  P
ROJECTS AND PLANNING .—During activities that the Commission, President, or Congress carry out under this subtitle, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not stop, solely because of such activities— (1) a construction or leasing project of the Veterans Health Administration; (2) long term planning regarding infrastruc-ture and assets of the Veterans Health Adminis-tration; or (3) budgetary processes for the Veterans Health Administration. (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR FUTURE ASSET RE-
VIEWS .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may, after consulting with veterans service organiza-tions, include in budget submissions the Sec-retary submits after the termination of the Com-mission recommendations for future such com-missions or other capital asset realignment and management processes. 
SEC. 209. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) The term ‘‘Account’’ means the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Asset and Infrastruc-ture Review Account established by section 206(a). (2) The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Com-mission established by section 202. (3) The term ‘‘date of approval’’, with respect to a modernization or realignment of a facility of the Veterans Health Administration, means the date on which the authority of Congress to disapprove a recommendation of modernization or realignment, as the case may be, of such fa-cility under this subtitle expires. (4) The term ‘‘facility of the Veterans Health Administration’’— (A) means any land, building, structure, or infrastructure (including any medical center, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4033 May 16, 2018 
nursing home, domiciliary facility, outpatient clinic, center that provides readjustment coun-seling, or leased facility) that is— (i) under the jurisdiction of the Department of Veterans Affairs; (ii) under the control of the Veterans Health Administration; and (iii) not under the control of the General Serv-ices Administration; or (B) with respect to a colocated facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs, includes any land, building, or structure— (i) under the jurisdiction of the Department of Veterans Affairs; (ii) under the control of another administra-tion of the Department of Veterans Affairs; and (iii) not under the control of the General Serv-ices Administration. (5) The term ‘‘infrastructure’’ means improve-ments to land other than buildings or struc-tures. (6) The term ‘‘modernization’’ includes— (A) any action, including closure, required to align the form and function of a facility of the Veterans Health Administration to the provision of modern day health care, including utilities and environmental control systems; (B) the construction, purchase, lease, or shar-ing of a facility of the Veterans Health Adminis-tration; and (C) realignments, disposals, exchanges, col-laborations between the Department of Veterans Affairs and other Federal entities, and strategic collaborations between the Department and non-Federal entities, including tribal organiza-tions. (7) The term ‘‘realignment’’, with respect to a facility of the Veterans Health Administration, includes— (A) any action that changes the numbers of or relocates services, functions, and personnel posi-tions; (B) disposals or exchanges between the De-partment of Veterans Affairs and other Federal entities, including the Department of Defense; and (C) strategic collaborations between the De-partment of Veterans Affairs and non-Federal entities, including tribal organizations. (8) The term ‘‘redevelopment authority’’, in the case of a facility of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration closed or modernized under this subtitle, means any entity (including an entity established by a State or local government) rec-ognized by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs as the entity responsible for developing the redevel-opment plan with respect to the facility or for directing the implementation of such plan. (9) The term ‘‘redevelopment plan’’ in the case of a facility of the Veterans Health Administra-tion to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, means a plan that— (A) is agreed to by the local redevelopment au-thority with respect to the facility; and (B) provides for the reuse or redevelopment of the real property and personal property of the facility that is available for such reuse and re-development as a result of the closure or re-alignment of the facility. (10) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. (11) The term ‘‘tribal organization’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3765 of title 38, United States Code. Subtitle B—Other Infrastructure Matters 
SEC. 211. IMPROVEMENT TO TRAINING OF CON-STRUCTION PERSONNEL. 
Subsection (g) of section 8103 of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(g)(1)(A) Not later than September 30 of the fiscal year following the fiscal year during which the VA Asset and Infrastructure Review Act of 2018 is enacted, the Secretary shall imple-ment the covered training curriculum and the covered certification program. ‘‘(B) In designing and implementing the cov-ered training curriculum and the covered certifi-cation program under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall use as models existing training cur-ricula and certification programs that have been established under chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code, as determined relevant by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may develop the training curriculum under paragraph (1)(A) in a manner that provides such training in any combination of— ‘‘(A) training provided in person; ‘‘(B) training provided over an internet website; or ‘‘(C) training provided by another department or agency of the Federal Government. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may develop the certifi-cation program under paragraph (1)(A) in a manner that uses— ‘‘(A) one level of certification; or ‘‘(B) more than one level of certification, as determined appropriate by the Secretary with respect to the level of certification for different grades of the General Schedule. ‘‘(4) The Secretary may enter into a contract with an appropriate entity to provide the cov-ered training curriculum and the covered certifi-cation program under paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(5)(A) Not later than September 30 of the sec-ond fiscal year following the fiscal year during which the VA Asset and Infrastructure Review Act of 2018 is enacted, the Secretary shall ensure that the majority of employees subject to the covered certification program achieve the certifi-cation or the appropriate level of certification pursuant to paragraph (3), as the case may be. ‘‘(B) After carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that each employee sub-ject to the covered certification program achieves the certification or the appropriate level of certification pursuant to paragraph (3), as the case may be, as quickly as practicable. ‘‘(6) In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘covered certification program’ means, with respect to employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs who are members of oc-cupational series relating to construction or fa-cilities management, or employees of the Depart-ment who award or administer contracts for major construction, minor construction, or non-recurring maintenance, including as contract specialists or contracting officers’ representa-tives, a program to certify knowledge and skills relating to construction or facilities management and to ensure that such employees maintain adequate expertise relating to industry stand-ards and best practices for the acquisition of de-sign and construction services. ‘‘(B) The term ‘covered training curriculum’ means, with respect to employees specified in subparagraph (A), a training curriculum relat-ing to construction or facilities management.’’. SEC. 212. REVIEW OF ENHANCED USE LEASES. 
Section 8162(b)(6) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(6) The Office of Management and Budget shall review each enhanced-use lease before the lease goes into effect to determine whether the lease is in compliance with paragraph (5).’’. 
SEC. 213. ASSESSMENT OF HEALTH CARE FUR-NISHED BY THE DEPARTMENT TO VETERANS WHO LIVE IN THE PA-CIFIC TERRITORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report re-garding health care furnished by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to veterans who live in the Pacific territories. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include assessments of the following: (1) The ability of the Department to furnish to veterans who live in the Pacific territories the following: (A) Hospital care. (B) Medical services. (C) Mental health services. (D) Geriatric services. (2) The feasibility of establishing a commu-nity-based outpatient clinic of the Department in any Pacific territory that does not contain such a facility. (c) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Pacific territories’’ means American Samoa, Guam, and the Northern Mariana Islands. TITLE III—IMPROVEMENTS TO RECRUIT-MENT OF HEALTH CARE PROFES-SIONALS 
SEC. 301. DESIGNATED SCHOLARSHIPS FOR PHY-SICIANS AND DENTISTS UNDER DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS HEALTH PROFESSIONAL SCHOLAR-SHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) S CHOLARSHIPS FOR PHYSICIANS AND DEN-
TISTS .—Section 7612(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6)(A) Of the scholarships awarded under this subchapter, the Secretary shall ensure that not less than 50 scholarships are awarded each year to individuals who are accepted for enroll-ment or enrolled (as described in section 7602 of this title) in a program of education or training leading to employment as a physician or dentist until such date as the Secretary determines that the staffing shortage of physicians and dentists in the Department is less than 500. ‘‘(B) After such date, the Secretary shall en-sure that of the scholarships awarded under this subchapter, a number of scholarships is awarded each year to individuals referred to in subparagraph (A) in an amount equal to not less than ten percent of the staffing shortage of physicians and dentists in the Department, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) Notwithstanding subsection (c)(1), the agreement between the Secretary and a partici-pant in the Scholarship Program who receives a scholarship pursuant to this paragraph shall provide the following: ‘‘(i) The Secretary’s agreement to provide the participant with a scholarship under this sub-chapter for a specified number (from two to four) of school years during which the partici-pant is pursuing a course of education or train-ing leading to employment as a physician or dentist. ‘‘(ii) The participant’s agreement to serve as a full-time employee in the Veterans Health Ad-ministration for a period of time (hereinafter in this subchapter referred to as the ‘period of obli-gated service’) of 18 months for each school year or part thereof for which the participant was provided a scholarship under the Scholarship Program. ‘‘(D) In providing scholarships pursuant to this paragraph, the Secretary may provide a preference for applicants who are veterans. ‘‘(E) On an annual basis, the Secretary shall provide to appropriate educational institutions informational material about the availability of scholarships under this paragraph.’’. (b) B
REACH OF AGREEMENT .—Section 7617 of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) In the case of a participant who is en-rolled in a program or education or training leading to employment as a physician, the par-ticipant fails to successfully complete post-grad-uate training leading to eligibility for board cer-tification in a specialty.’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF PROGRAM .—Section 7619 of such title is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2033’’. 
SEC. 302. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF DEBT THAT MAY BE REDUCED UNDER EDUCATION DEBT REDUC-TION PROGRAM OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN AMOUNT .—Section 7683(d)(1) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$120,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$200,000’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4034 May 16, 2018 
(2) by striking ‘‘$24,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$40,000’’. (b) S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall— (A) conduct a study on the demand for edu-cation debt reduction under subchapter VII of chapter 76 of title 38, United States Code; and (B) submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the Secretary with re-spect to the study carried out under subpara-graph (A). (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the study required by paragraph (1)(A), the Sec-retary shall consider the following: (A) The total number of vacancies within the Veterans Health Administration whose appli-cants are eligible to participate in the Education Debt Reduction Program pursuant to section 7682(a) of such title. (B) The types of medical professionals in greatest demand in the United States. (C) Projections by the Secretary of the num-bers and types of medical professions that meet the needs of veterans. 
SEC. 303. ESTABLISHING THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS SPECIALTY EDU-CATION LOAN REPAYMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 76 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subchapter VII the following new sub-chapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VIII—SPECIALTY EDUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT PROGRAM ‘‘§ 7691. Establishment ‘‘As part of the Educational Assistance Pro-gram, the Secretary may carry out a student loan repayment program under section 5379 of title 5. The program shall be known as the De-partment of Veterans Affairs Specialty Edu-cation Loan Repayment Program (in this chap-ter referred to as the ‘Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program’). ‘‘§ 7692. Purpose ‘‘The purpose of the Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program is to assist, through the establishment of an incentive program for certain individuals employed in the Veterans Health Administration, in meeting the staffing needs of the Veterans Health Administration for physicians in medical specialties for which the Secretary determines recruitment or retention of qualified personnel is difficult. ‘‘§ 7693. Eligibility; preferences; covered costs ‘‘(a) E
LIGIBILITY .—An individual is eligible to participate in the Specialty Education Loan Re-payment Program if the individual— ‘‘(1) is hired under section 7401 of this title to work in an occupation described in section 7692 of this title; ‘‘(2) owes any amount of principal or interest under a loan, the proceeds of which were used by or on behalf of that individual to pay costs relating to a course of education or training which led to a degree that qualified the indi-vidual for the position referred to in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(3) is— ‘‘(A) recently graduated from an accredited medical or osteopathic school and matched to an accredited residency program in a medical spe-cialty described in section 7692 of this title; or ‘‘(B) a physician in training in a medical spe-cialty described in section 7692 of this title with more than two years remaining in such training. ‘‘(b) P
REFERENCES .—In selecting individuals for participation in the Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program under this sub-chapter, the Secretary may give preference to the following: ‘‘(1) Individuals who are, or will be, partici-pating in residency programs in health care fa-cilities— ‘‘(A) located in rural areas; ‘‘(B) operated by Indian tribes, tribal organi-zations, or the Indian Health Service; or ‘‘(C) affiliated with underserved health care facilities of the Department. ‘‘(2) Veterans. ‘‘(c) COVERED COSTS.—For purposes of sub-section (a)(2), costs relating to a course of edu-cation or training include— ‘‘(1) tuition expenses; ‘‘(2) all other reasonable educational ex-penses, including expenses for fees, books, equipment, and laboratory expenses; and ‘‘(3) reasonable living expenses. ‘‘§ 7694. Specialty education loan repayment ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Payments under the Spe-cialty Education Loan Repayment Program shall consist of payments for the principal and interest on loans described in section 7682(a)(2) of this title for individuals selected to partici-pate in the Program to the holders of such loans. ‘‘(b) F
REQUENCY OF PAYMENT .—The Secretary shall make payments for any given participant in the Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program on a schedule determined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT ; W AIVER .—(1) The amount of payments made for a participant under the Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program may not exceed $160,000 over a total of four years of participation in the Program, of which not more than $40,000 of such payments may be made in each year of participation in the Program. ‘‘(2)(A) The Secretary may waive the limita-tions under paragraph (1) in the case of a par-ticipant described in subparagraph (B). In the case of such a waiver, the total amount of pay-ments payable to or for that participant is the total amount of the principal and the interest on the participant’s loans referred to in sub-section (a). ‘‘(B) A participant described in this subpara-graph is a participant in the Program who the Secretary determines serves in a position for which there is a shortage of qualified employees by reason of either the location or the require-ments of the position. ‘‘§ 7695. Choice of location ‘‘Each participant in the Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program who completes resi-dency may select, from a list of medical facilities of the Veterans Health Administration provided by the Secretary, at which such facility the par-ticipant will work in a medical specialty de-scribed in section 7692 of this title. ‘‘§ 7696. Term of obligated service ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In addition to any require-ments under section 5379(c) of title 5, a partici-pant in the Specialty Education Loan Repay-ment Program must agree, in writing and before the Secretary may make any payment to or for the participant, to— ‘‘(1) obtain a license to practice medicine in a State; ‘‘(2) successfully complete post-graduate training leading to eligibility for board certifi-cation in a specialty; ‘‘(3) serve as a full-time clinical practice em-ployee of the Veterans Health Administration for 12 months for every $40,000 in such benefits that the employee receives, but in no case for fewer than 24 months; and ‘‘(4) except as provided in subsection (b), to begin such service as a full-time practice em-ployee by not later than 60 days after com-pleting a residency. ‘‘(b) F
ELLOWSHIP .—In the case of a partici-pant who receives an accredited fellowship in a medical specialty other than a medical specialty described in section 7692 of this title, the Sec-retary, on written request of the participant, may delay the term of obligated service under subsection (a) for the participant until after the participant completes the fellowship, but in no case later than 60 days after completion of such fellowship. ‘‘(c) PENALTY .—(1) An employee who does not complete a period of obligated service under this section shall owe the Federal Government an amount determined in accordance with the fol-lowing formula: A = B × ((T ¥ S) ÷ T)). ‘‘(2) In the formula in paragraph (1): ‘‘(A) ‘A’ is the amount the employee owes the Federal Government. ‘‘(B) ‘B’ is the sum of all payments to or for the participant under the Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program. ‘‘(C) ‘T’ is the number of months in the period of obligated service of the employee. ‘‘(D) ‘S’ is the number of whole months of such period of obligated service served by the employee. ‘‘§ 7697. Relationship to Educational Assist-ance Program ‘‘Assistance under the Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program may be in addition to other assistance available to individuals under the Educational Assistance Program.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AND TECHNICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 7601(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (i) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’; (ii) in paragraph (5), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) the specialty education loan repayment program provided for in subchapter VIII of this chapter.’’. (B) Section 7603(a)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or VI’’ and in-serting ‘‘VI, or VIII’’. (C) Section 7604 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or VI’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘VI, or VIII’’. (D) Section 7631 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1)— (I) by striking ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘scholarship amount,’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘, and the maximum specialty education loan repayment amount’’ after ‘‘re-duction payments amount’’; and (ii) in subsection (b) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) The term ‘specialty education loan repay-ment amount’ means the maximum amount of specialty education loan repayment payments payable to or for a participant in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program under subchapter VIII of this chapter, as specified in section 7694(c)(1) of this title and as previously adjusted (if at all) in accordance with this section.’’. (E) Section 7632 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and the Education Debt Reduction Program’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Education Debt Reduction Program, and the Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and per participant in the Education Debt Reduction Program’’ and inserting ‘‘per participant in the Education Debt Reduction Program, and per participant in the Specialty Education Loan Re-payment Program’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 76 of such title is amended by inserting after the items relating to subchapter VII the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER VIII —SPECIALTY EDUCATION LOAN  
REPAYMENT PROGRAM  ‘‘7691. Establishment. ‘‘7692. Purpose. ‘‘7693. Eligibility; preferences; covered costs. ‘‘7694. Specialty education loan repayment. ‘‘7695. Choice of location. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4035 May 16, 2018 
‘‘7696. Term of obligated service. ‘‘7697. Relationship to Educational Assistance Program.’’. (c) N
EEDS OF THE VHA.—In making deter-minations each year under section 7692 of title 38, United States Code, as enacted by subsection (a), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall con-sider the anticipated needs of the Veterans Health Administration during the period two to six years in the future. (d) P
REFERENCE .—In granting preference under section 7693 of title 38, United States Code, as enacted by subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall determine whether a facility of the Department is under-served based on the criteria developed under section 401 of this Act. (e) O
FFER DEADLINE .—In the case of an appli-cant who applies before receiving a residency match and whom the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs selects for participation in the Specialty Education Loan Repayment Program estab-lished by subsection (a), the Secretary shall offer participation to the applicant not later than 28 days after— (1) the applicant matches with a residency in a medical specialty described in section 7692 of title 38, United States Code, as enacted by sub-section (a); and (2) such match is published. (f) P
UBLICITY .—The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall take such steps as the Secretary de-termines are appropriate to publicize the Spe-cialty Education Loan Repayment Program es-tablished under subchapter VIII of chapter 76 of title 38, United States Code, as enacted by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 304. VETERANS HEALING VETERANS MED-ICAL ACCESS AND SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, acting through the Office of Aca-demic Affiliations of the Department of Veterans Affairs, shall carry out a pilot program under which the Secretary shall provide funding for the medical education of a total of 18 eligible veterans. Such funding shall be provided for two veterans enrolled in each covered medical schools in accordance with this section. (b) E
LIGIBLE VETERANS .—To be eligible to re-ceive funding for medical education under this section, a veteran shall— (1) have been discharged from the Armed Forces not more than ten years before the date of application for admission to a covered med-ical school; (2) not be entitled to educational assistance under chapter 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, or 35 of title 38, United States Code, or chapter 1606 or 1607 of title 10, United States Code; (3) apply for admission to a covered medical school for the entering class of 2019; (4) indicate on such application for admission that the veteran would like to be considered for an award of funding under this section; (5) meet the minimum admissions criteria for the covered medical school to which the veteran applies; and (6) enter into an agreement described in sub-section (e). (c) A
WARD OF FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each covered medical school that opts to participate in the program under this section shall reserve two seats in the enter-ing class of 2019 for eligible veterans who receive funding under such program. Such funding shall be awarded to the two eligible veterans with the highest admissions rankings for such class at such school. (2) A
MOUNT OF FUNDING .—Each eligible vet-eran who receives funding under this section shall receive an amount equal to the actual cost of— (A) tuition at the covered medical school at which the veteran enrolls for four years; (B) books, fees, and technical equipment; (C) fees associated with the National Resi-dency Match Program; (D) two away rotations performed during the fourth year at a Department of Veterans Affairs medical facility; and (E) a monthly stipend for the four-year period during which the veteran is enrolled in medical school in an amount to be determined by the Secretary. (3) DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDING .—In the event that two or more eligible veterans do not apply for admission at one of the covered medical schools for the entering class of 2019, the Sec-retary shall distribute the available funding to eligible veterans who applied for admission at other covered medical schools. (d) A
GREEMENT .— (1) T
ERMS OF AGREEMENT .—Each eligible vet-eran who accepts funding for medical education under this section shall enter into an agreement with the Secretary that provides that the vet-eran agrees— (A) to maintain enrollment and attendance in the medical school; (B) while enrolled in such medical school, to maintain an acceptable level of academic stand-ing (as determined by the medical school under regulations prescribed by the Secretary); (C) to complete post-graduate training leading to eligibility for board certification in a spe-ciality applicable to the Department of Veterans Affairs, as determined by the Secretary; (D) after completion of medical school, to ob-tain a license to practice medicine in a State; and (E) after completion of medical school and post-graduate training, to serve as a full-time clinical practice employee in the Veterans Health Administration for a period of four years. (2) B
REACH OF AGREEMENT .—If an eligible vet-eran who accepts funding under this section breaches the terms of the agreement described in paragraph (1), the United States shall be enti-tled to recover damages in an amount equal to the total amount of such funding received by the veteran. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent any cov-ered medical school from accepting more than two eligible veterans for the entering class of 2019. (f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than De-cember 31, 2020, and annually thereafter for the subsequent three years, the Secretary shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the pilot program under this section. Such report shall include the evaluation of the Secretary of the success of the pilot program, including the number of veterans who received funding under the program who matriculated and an evaluation of the academic progress of such veterans. (g) C
OVERED MEDICAL SCHOOLS .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered medical school’’ means any of the following. (1) The Teague-Cranston medical schools, consisting of— (A) Texas A&M College of Medicine; (B) Quillen College of Medicine at East Ten-nessee State University; (C) Boonshoft School of Medicine at Wright State University; (D) Joan C. Edwards School of Medicine at Marshall University; and (E) University of South Carolina School of Medicine. (2) Charles R Drew University of Medicine and Science. (3) Howard University College of Medicine. (4) Meharry Medical College. (5) Morehouse School of Medicine. 
SEC. 305. BONUSES FOR RECRUITMENT, RELOCA-TION, AND RETENTION. 
Section 705(a) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$230,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000,000, of which not less than $20,000,000 shall be for re-cruitment, relocation, and retention bonuses’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$225,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$290,000,000, of which not less than $20,000,000 shall be for re-cruitment, relocation, and retention bonuses’’. SEC. 306. INCLUSION OF VET CENTER EMPLOY-EES IN EDUCATION DEBT REDUC-TION PROGRAM OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that clinical staff working at Vet Centers are eligible to participate in the Education Debt Reduction Program of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs under subchapter VII of chapter 76 of title 38, United States Code. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the number of participants in the Education Debt Reduction Program of the Department under such subchapter who work at Vet Centers. (c) V
ETCENTER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Vet Center’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1712A(h) of title 38, United States Code. TITLE IV—HEALTH CARE IN UNDERSERVED AREAS 
SEC. 401. DEVELOPMENT OF CRITERIA FOR DES-IGNATION OF CERTAIN MEDICAL FA-CILITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AS UNDER-SERVED FACILITIES AND PLAN TO ADDRESS PROBLEM OF UNDER-SERVED FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall develop cri-teria to designate medical centers, ambulatory care facilities, and community based outpatient clinics of the Department of Veterans Affairs as underserved facilities. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .—Criteria developed under subsection (a) shall include consideration of the following with respect to a facility: (1) The ratio of veterans to health care pro-viders of the Department of Veterans Affairs for a standardized geographic area surrounding the facility, including a separate ratio for general practitioners and specialists. (2) The range of clinical specialties covered by such providers in such area. (3) Whether the local community is medically underserved. (4) The type, number, and age of open consults. (5) Whether the facility is meeting the wait- time goals of the Department. (6) Such other criteria as the Secretary con-siders important in determining which facilities are not adequately serving area veterans. (c) A
NALYSIS OF FACILITIES .—Not less fre-quently than annually, directors of Veterans In-tegrated Service Networks of the Department shall perform an analysis to determine which facilities within that Veterans Integrated Serv-ice Network qualify as underserved facilities pursuant to criteria developed under subsection (a). (d) A
NNUAL PLANTOADDRESS UNDERSERVED  F
ACILITIES .— (1) P
LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once each year, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a plan to ad-dress the problem of underserved facilities of the Department, as designated pursuant to criteria developed under subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each plan submitted under paragraph (1) shall address the following: (A) Increasing personnel or temporary per-sonnel assistance, including mobile deployment teams furnished under section 407 of this Act. (B) Providing special hiring incentives, in-cluding under the Education Debt Reduction Program under subchapter VII of chapter 76 of title 38, United States Code, and recruitment, re-location, and retention incentives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4036 May 16, 2018 
(C) Using direct hiring authority. (D) Improving training opportunities for staff. (E) Such other actions as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. 
SEC. 402. PILOT PROGRAM TO FURNISH MOBILE DEPLOYMENT TEAMS TO UNDER-SERVED FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out a pilot program to fur-nish mobile deployment teams of medical per-sonnel to underserved facilities. (b) E
LEMENTS .—In furnishing mobile deploy-ment teams under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider the following elements: (1) The medical positions of greatest need at underserved facilities. (2) The size and composition of teams to be de-ployed. (3) Such other elements as the Secretary con-siders necessary for effective oversight of the program established under subsection (a). (c) U
SE OF ANNUAL ANALYSIS .—The Secretary shall use the results of the annual analysis con-ducted under section 401(c) of this Act to form mobile deployment teams under subsection (a) that are composed of the most needed medical personnel for underserved facilities. (d) R
EPORTING .— (1) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress on the implementation of the pilot program under this section. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than the termi-nation of the pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall submit a final report to Con-gress that contains the recommendations of the Secretary regarding the feasibility and advis-ability of— (A) extending or expanding the pilot program; and (B) making the pilot program (or any aspect thereof) permanent. (e) D
URATION .—The pilot program under this section shall terminate three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) U
NDERSERVED FACILITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘underserved facility’’ means a medical center, ambulatory care facility, or com-munity based outpatient clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs designated by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs as underserved pursu-ant to criteria developed under section 401 of this Act. 
SEC. 403. PILOT PROGRAM ON GRADUATE MED-ICAL EDUCATION AND RESIDENCY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (5), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a pilot program to establish medical residency po-sitions authorized under section 301(b)(2) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 7302 note) at covered facilities. (2) C
OVERED FACILITIES .—For purposes of this section, a covered facility is any of the fol-lowing: (A) A health care facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (B) A health care facility operated by an In-dian tribe or a tribal organization, as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (C) A health care facility operated by the In-dian Health Service. (D) A Federally-qualified health center, as de-fined in section 1905(l)(2)(B) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(l)(2)(B)). (E) A health care facility operated by the De-partment of Defense. (F) Such other health care facility as the Sec-retary considers appropriate for purposes of this section. (3) A
GREEMENTS .—To carry out the pilot pro-gram under this section, the Secretary may enter into agreements with entities that operate covered facilities in which the Secretary places residents under paragraph (1). (4) PARAMETERS FOR LOCATION , AFFILIATE  
SPONSOR , AND DURATION .—When determining in which covered facilities to place residents under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the extent to which there is a clinical need for pro-viders in an area, as determined by the fol-lowing: (A) The ratio of veterans to health care pro-viders of the Department for a standardized geo-graphic area surrounding a facility, including a separate ratio for general practitioners and spe-cialists. (B) The range of clinical specialties of pro-viders in standardized geographic areas sur-rounding a facility. (C) Whether the specialty of a provider is in-cluded in the most recent staffing shortage de-termination of the Department under section 7412 of title 38, United States Code. (D) Whether the local community is des-ignated by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs as underserved pursuant to criteria developed under section 401 of this Act. (E) Whether the facility is located in a com-munity that is designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services as a health profes-sional shortage area under section 332 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254e). (F) Whether the facility is located in a rural or remote area. (G) Such other criteria as the Secretary con-siders important in determining which facilities are not adequately serving area veterans. (5) P
RIORITY IN PLACEMENTS .—During the pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall place no fewer than 100 residents in cov-ered facilities— (A) operated by the Indian Health Service; (B) operated by an Indian tribe; (C) operated by a tribal organization; or (D) located in communities designated by the Secretary as underserved pursuant to criteria developed under section 401 of this Act. (6) S
TIPENDS AND BENEFITS .—The Secretary may pay stipends and provide benefits for resi-dents in positions under paragraph (1), regard-less of whether they have been assigned in a De-partment facility. (b) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If a covered facility es-tablishes a new residency program in which the Secretary places a resident under the pilot pro-gram, the Secretary shall reimburse that covered facility for costs of the following: (1) Curriculum development. (2) Recruitment and retention of faculty. (3) Accreditation of the program by the Ac-creditation Council for Graduate Medical Edu-cation. (4) The portion of faculty salaries attributable to duties under an agreement subsection (a)(3). (5) Expenses relating to educating a resident under the pilot program. (c) R
EPORTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until the termination of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation of the pilot program. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following with regard to the immediately preceding year, and in comparison to the year immediately preceding that year: (A) The number of veterans who received care from residents under the pilot program. (B) The number of veterans who received care from each resident per position described in sub-section (a)(1) under the pilot program. (C) The number of veterans who received care from residents under the pilot program expressed as a percentage of all individuals who received care from such residents. (D) The number of clinical appointments for veterans conducted by each resident under the pilot program. (E) The number of clinical appointments for veterans conducted by residents per position de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) under the pilot pro-gram. (F) The number of clinical appointments for veterans expressed as a percentage of all clinical appointments conducted by residents under the pilot program. (G) The number of positions described in sub-section (a)(1) at each covered facility under the pilot program. (H) For each position described in subsection (a)(1) in a residency program affiliated with a health care facility of the Department, the time a resident under the pilot program spent train-ing at that facility of the Department, expressed as a percentage of the total training time for that resident position. (I) For each residency program affiliated with a health care facility of the Department, the time all residents under the pilot program spent training at that facility of the Department, ex-pressed as a percentage of the total training time for those residents. (J) The time that all residents under the pilot program who are assigned to programs affiliated with health care facilities of the Department spent training at facilities of the Department, expressed as a percentage of the total training time for those residents. (K) The cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs under the pilot program in the year im-mediately preceding the report and since the be-ginning of the pilot program. (L) The cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs per resident placed under the pilot pro-gram at each covered facility. (M) The number of residents under the pilot program hired by the Secretary to work in the Veterans Health Administration after comple-tion of residency in the year immediately pre-ceding the report and since the beginning of the pilot program. (N) The medical specialties pursued by resi-dents under the pilot program. (d) DURATION .—The pilot program under this section shall terminate on August 7, 2024. TITLE V—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 501. ANNUAL REPORT ON PERFORMANCE AWARDS AND BONUSES AWARDED TO CERTAIN HIGH-LEVEL EMPLOY-EES OF THE DEPARTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 726. Annual report on performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 100 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that contains, for the most re-cent fiscal year ending before the submittal of the report, a description of all performance awards or bonuses awarded to each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) Regional Office Director of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(2) Director of a Medical Center of the De-partment. ‘‘(3) Director of a Veterans Integrated Service Network. ‘‘(4) Senior executive of the Department. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall include the following with respect to each performance award or bonus awarded to an individual described in such sub-section: ‘‘(1) The amount of each award or bonus. ‘‘(2) The job title of the individual awarded the award or bonus. ‘‘(3) The location where the individual award-ed the award or bonus works. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate committees of Con-gress’ means the Committees on Veterans’ Af-fairs and Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) The term ‘senior executive’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4037 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(A) a career appointee; or ‘‘(B) an individual— ‘‘(i) in an administrative or executive position; and ‘‘(ii) appointed under section 7306(a) or sec-tion 7401(1) of this title. ‘‘(3) The term ‘career appointee’ has the meaning given that term in section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 725 the following new item: ‘‘726. Annual report on performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high- level employees.’’. 
SEC. 502. ROLE OF PODIATRISTS IN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NCLUSION AS PHYSICIAN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 74 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 7413. Treatment of podiatrists; clinical oversight standards ‘‘(a) P
ODIATRISTS .—Except as provided by subsection (b), a doctor of podiatric medicine who is appointed as a podiatrist under section 7401(1) of this title is eligible for any supervisory position in the Veterans Health Administration to the same degree that a physician appointed under such section is eligible for the position. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF CLINICAL OVERSIGHT  S
TANDARDS .—The Secretary, in consultation with appropriate stakeholders, shall establish standards to ensure that specialists appointed in the Veterans Health Administration to super-visory positions do not provide direct clinical oversight for purposes of peer review or practice evaluation for providers of other clinical spe-cialties.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 74 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7412 the following new item: ‘‘7413. Treatment of podiatrists; clinical over-sight standards.’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION AND CLARIFICATION OF PAY G
RADE .— (1) G
RADE .—The list in section 7404(b) of such title is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘PHYSICIAN AND DENTIST SCHEDULE’’ and inserting ‘‘PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON (MD/DO), PODIATRIC SURGEON (DPM), AND DENTIST AND ORAL SURGEON (DDS, DMD) SCHEDULE’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Physician grade’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Physician and surgeon grade’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘PODIATRIST, CHIRO-PRACTOR, AND’’ and inserting ‘‘CHIRO-PRACTOR AND’’. (2) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to a pay period of the Department of Veterans Affairs be-ginning on or after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 503. DEFINITION OF MAJOR MEDICAL FACIL-ITY PROJECT. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF MEDICAL  F
ACILITY .—Section 8101(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Secretary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘nursing home,’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary, or as otherwise authorized by law, for the provision of health-care services (including hospital, out-patient clinic, nursing home,’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF MAJOR M
EDICAL FACILITY PROJECT .—Paragraph (3) of section 8104(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘major medical facility project’ means a project for the construction, alteration, or acquisition of a medical facility involving a total expenditure of more than $20,000,000, but such term does not include an acquisition by exchange, non-recurring maintenance projects of the Depart-ment, or the construction, alteration, or acquisi-tion of a shared Federal medical facility for which the Department’s estimated share of the project costs does not exceed $20,000,000.’’. SEC. 504. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility project, to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project: Construction of the new East Bay Community Based Outpatient Clinic and all as-sociated site work, utilities, parking, and land-scaping, construction of the Central Valley En-gineering and Logistics support facility, and en-hanced flood plain mitigation at the Central Valley and East Bay Community Based Out-patient Clinics as part of the realignment of medical facilities in Livermore, California, in an amount not to exceed $117,300,000. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  C
ONSTRUCTION .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects account, $117,300,000 for the project au-thorized in subsection (a). (c) S
UBMITTAL OF INFORMATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, for the project authorized in subsection (a), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives the following information: (1) A line item accounting of expenditures re-lating to construction management carried out by the Department of Veterans Affairs for such project. (2) The future amounts that are budgeted to be obligated for construction management car-ried out by the Department for such project. (3) A justification for the expenditures de-scribed in paragraph (1) and the future amounts described in paragraph (2). (4) Any agreement entered into by the Sec-retary regarding a non-Department of Veterans Affairs Federal entity providing management services relating to such project, including reim-bursement agreements and the costs to the De-partment for such services. 
SEC. 505. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PERSONNEL TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) P UBLICATION OF STAFFING AND VACAN-
CIES.— (1) W
EBSITE REQUIRED .—Subject to paragraph (2) and not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall make publicly available on an Internet website of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs the following information, which shall, subject to subparagraph (D), be displayed by departmental component or, in the case of in-formation relating to Veterans Health Adminis-tration positions, by medical facility: (A) The number of personnel encumbering po-sitions. (B) The number of accessions and separation actions processed during the quarter preceding the date of the publication of the information. (C) The number of vacancies, by occupation. (D) The percentage of new hires for the De-partment who were hired within the time-to-hire target of the Office of Personnel Management, disaggregated by administration. (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary may withhold from publication under paragraph (1) informa-tion relating to law enforcement, information se-curity, or such positions in the Department that the Secretary determines to be sensitive. (3) U
PDATE OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall update the information on the website re-quired under paragraph (1) on a quarterly basis. (4) T
REATMENT OF CONTRACTOR POSITIONS .— Any Department of Veterans Affairs position that is filled with a contractor may not be treat-ed as a Department position for purposes of the information required to be published under paragraph (1). (5) INSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—On a semi- annual basis, the Inspector General of the De-partment shall review the administration of the website required under paragraph (1) and make recommendations relating to the improvement of such administration. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress an an-nual report on the steps the Department is tak-ing to achieve full staffing capacity. Each such report shall include the amount of additional funds necessary to enable the Department to reach full staffing capacity. 
SEC. 506. PROGRAM ON ESTABLISHMENT OF PEER SPECIALISTS IN PATIENT ALIGNED CARE TEAM SETTINGS WITHIN MED-ICAL CENTERS OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out a program to establish not fewer than two peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs to promote the use and integration of services for mental health, substance use disorder, and behavioral health in a primary care setting. (b) T
IMEFRAME FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF PRO-
GRAM .—The Secretary shall carry out the pro-gram at medical centers of the Department as follows: (1) Not later than May 31, 2019, at not fewer than 15 medical centers of the Department. (2) Not later than May 31, 2020, at not fewer than 30 medical centers of the Department. (c) S
ELECTION OF LOCATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall select medical centers for the program as follows: (A) Not fewer than five shall be medical cen-ters of the Department that are designated by the Secretary as polytrauma centers. (B) Not fewer than ten shall be medical cen-ters of the Department that are not designated by the Secretary as polytrauma centers. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In selecting medical centers for the program under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the feasibility and advisability of selecting medical centers in the following areas: (A) Rural areas and other areas that are un-derserved by the Department. (B) Areas that are not in close proximity to an active duty military installation. (C) Areas representing different geographic lo-cations, such as census tracts established by the Bureau of the Census. (d) G
ENDER -SPECIFIC SERVICES .—In carrying out the program at each location selected under subsection (c), the Secretary shall ensure that— (1) the needs of female veterans are specifi-cally considered and addressed; and (2) female peer specialists are made available to female veterans who are treated at each loca-tion. (e) E
NGAGEMENT WITH COMMUNITY PRO-
VIDERS .—At each location selected under sub-section (c), the Secretary shall consider ways in which peer specialists can conduct outreach to health care providers in the community who are known to be serving veterans to engage with those providers and veterans served by those providers. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) P
ERIODIC REPORTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter until the Secretary determines that the program is being carried out at the last loca-tion to be selected under subsection (c), the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report on the program. (B) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by sub-paragraph (A) shall, with respect to the 180-day period preceding the submittal of the report, in-clude the following: (i) The findings and conclusions of the Sec-retary with respect to the program. (ii) An assessment of the benefits of the pro-gram to veterans and family members of vet-erans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4038 May 16, 2018 
(iii) An assessment of the effectiveness of peer specialists in engaging under subsection (e) with health care providers in the community and vet-erans served by those providers. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the Secretary determines that the program is being carried out at the last location to be se-lected under subsection (c), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report detailing the rec-ommendations of the Secretary as to the feasi-bility and advisability of expanding the program to additional locations. 
SEC. 507. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL SCRIBE PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out a two-year pilot program under which the Secretary shall increase the use of medical scribes at Department of Veterans Af-fairs medical centers. (b) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at the 10 medical centers of the Department as follows: (1) At least four such medical centers located in rural areas. (2) At least four such medical centers located in urban areas. (3) Two such medical centers located in areas with need for increased access or increased effi-ciency, as determine by the Secretary. (c) M
EDICAL SCRIBES .— (1) H
IRING .—Under the pilot program the Sec-retary shall— (A) hire 20 new Department of Veterans Af-fairs term employees as medical scribes; and (B) seek to enter into contracts with appro-priate entities for the employment of 20 addi-tional medical scribes. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall assign four medical scribes to each of the 10 medical centers of the Department where the Secretary carries out the pilot program as follows: (A) Two scribes shall be assigned to each of two physicians. (B) Thirty percent of the scribes shall be em-ployed in the provision of emergency care. (C) Seventy percent of the scribes shall be em-ployed in the provision of speciality care in spe-cialties with the longest patient wait times or lowest efficiency ratings, as determined by the Secretary. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the commencement of the pilot pro-gram required under this section, and every 180 days thereafter for the duration of the pilot pro-gram, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report on the pilot pro-gram. Each such report shall include each of the following: (A) A separate analysis of each the following with respect to medical scribes employed by the Department of Veterans Affairs and medical scribes performing Department of Veterans Af-fairs functions under a contract: (i) Provider efficiency. (ii) Patient satisfaction. (iii) Average wait time. (iv) The number of patients seen per day by each physician or practitioner. (v) The amount of time required to hire and train an employee to perform medical scribe functions under the pilot program. (B) Metrics and data for analyzing the effects of the pilot program, including an evaluation of the each of the elements under clauses (i) through (iv) of subparagraph (A) at medical centers who employed scribes under the pilot program for an appropriate period preceding the hiring of such scribes. (2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the termination of the pilot program under this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the pilot program. Such re-port shall include a comparison of the pilot pro-gram with similar programs carried out in the private sector. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘medical scribe’’ means an unli-censed individual hired to enter information into the electronic health record or chart at the direction of a physician or licensed independent practitioner whose responsibilities include the following: (A) Assisting the physician or practitioner in navigating the electronic health record. (B) Responding to various messages as di-rected by the physician or practitioner. (C) Entering information into the electronic health record, as directed by the physician or practitioner. (2) The terms ‘‘urban’’ and ‘‘rural’’ have the meanings given such terms under the rural- urban commuting codes developed by the Sec-retary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (f) FUNDING .—The pilot program under this section shall be carried out using amounts oth-erwise authorized to be appropriated for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. No additional amounts are authorized to be appropriated to carry out such program. 
SEC. 508. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT TO COL-LECT FEES FOR HOUSING LOANS GUARANTEED BY SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 3729(b)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2027’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2028’’. 
SEC. 509. EXTENSION OF REDUCTION IN AMOUNT OF PENSION FURNISHED BY DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR CERTAIN VETERANS COVERED BY MEDICAID PLANS FOR SERVICES FURNISHED BY NURSING FACILI-TIES. 
Section 5503(d)(7) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2027’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2028’’. 
SEC. 510. APPROPRIATION OF AMOUNTS. 
(a) V ETERANS CHOICE PROGRAM .—There is au-thorized to be appropriated, and is appro-priated, to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise ap-propriated, $5,200,000,000 to be deposited in the Veterans Choice Fund under section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—The amounts appropriated under subsection (a) shall be available for obligation or expenditure without fiscal year limitation. 
SEC. 511. TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Section 1712I of title 38, United States Code, is redesignated as section 1720I of such title. 
SEC. 512. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
(a) S TATUTORY PAY-AS-YOU-GOSCORE-
CARDS .—The budgetary effects of this Act shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecad main-tained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. (b) S
ENATE PAYGO S CORECARDS .—The budg-etary effects of this Act shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Con-gress). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. The gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the RECORD  on S. 2372, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the John S. McCain III; the Daniel K. Akaka; and with great honor, the Samuel R. Johnson Department of Veterans Affairs Maintaining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks Act of 2018, or the VA MISSION Act. This bill exemplifies exactly how Congress should work. It is a bipar-tisan, bicameral compromise agree-ment between the House and Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committees that was crafted over the last year and a half through regular order and in close co-ordination with stakeholders and advo-cates in VA, the White House, the mili-tary and veterans service organiza-tions, and the broader health commu-nity. It is also aptly named after Senator M
CCAIN, late Senator Akaka, and Con-gressman S
AMJOHNSON , three great Americans whose lives and work exem-plify service and statesmanship. The MISSION Act is also aptly named in that it would address and reaffirm Con-gress’ commitment to VA’s core and most important mission: caring for, as President Lincoln said, those who have borne the battle. There are five main components of the MISSION Act. Each of these com-ponents on their own would be note-worthy and significant. Together, they are transformational. The first component of the MISSION Act would consolidate and improve VA’s community care programs. VA uses several different methods to refer veterans to community providers today. The most recent and notable method is the Choice Program, which Congress created following the nation-wide access and accountability crisis in 2014. All of those methods serve dif-ferent purposes and employ different business processes, reimbursement rates, and eligibility criteria. That cre-ates a tremendous and increasing amount of confusion and consternation from VA employees, community pro-viders, and VA patients. The MISSION Act would consolidate all of those methods into a single, streamlined VA community care pro-gram that is easier to understand, ad-minister, and deliver to veterans who need it. This would increase access to timely quality care in every commu-nity across the country and, in doing so, expand VA’s reach and veterans’ choice. It would also return all VA community care funding to the discre-tionary side of the ledger, thereby in-creasing transparency and account-ability for the hard-earned taxpayer dollars that VA receives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.028 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4039 May 16, 2018 
The second component of the MIS-SION Act would address the pending shortfall in the Choice fund. When Con-gress created the Choice Program 4 years ago, it also created the Choice fund and stipulated that the program would end when the fund ran dry. Con-gress has acted time and time again to prevent that from happening in rec-ognition of the millions of veterans who rely on the Choice Program de-spite its imperfections. However, Acting VA Secretary Wilkie sent a letter just last week de-claring that the remaining funds in the Choice fund will be exhausted as early as May 31, just 2 weeks from today. The consequences of that have the po-tential to be catastrophic for veterans, with Acting Secretary Wilkie warning that wait times will increase, access to care will decrease, continuity of care will be disrupted, and valuable commu-nity partnerships will be damaged. To prevent that, the MISSION Act would authorize and appropriate $5.2 billion to the Choice fund. This would prevent an access-to-care crisis from occurring in the immediate future and provide sufficient funding to allow the Choice Program to continue serving veteran patients over the next year until the new, consolidated community care program is implemented. The third component of the MISSION Act would address VA’s massive and misaligned physical footprint. VA is one of the largest property-holding en-tities in the Federal Government with a capital asset portfolio that includes thousands of medical facilities span-ning hundreds of millions of square feet. The average VA medical facility building is more than five times older than the average building in the not- for-profit system in this country, with some VA facilities being much older than that. For example, the VA med-ical center in my hometown of Johnson City, Tennessee, was built in 1903 to care for Civil War veterans. It is still seeing patients today. Since being named chairman of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs a year and a half ago, I have made it a pri-ority to travel to VA facilities across the country. While many of them are doing great work, they are operating out of facilities that were designed and built to meet antiquated healthcare needs and delivery models. Those facilities are increasingly im-possible to manage and maintain in ac-cordance with modern standards and the ever-changing shifts in the veteran population, not to mention that de-mand for care is growing progressively more costly and complex in Tennessee and across the country. The Asset and Infrastructure Review, or AIR, Act process that the MISSION Act would create is based on a rec-ommendation from the bipartisan Commission on Care that was put to-gether by President Obama. It would create an open, objective, politically insulated process to recommend how VA’s massive physical footprint can be realigned and brought up to date. This would transform the VA healthcare system that we know today into one that is stronger, more efficient, and better able to meet the healthcare needs of veterans, now and for genera-tions of veterans to come. None of us who are lucky enough to have a VA facility in their backyard, as I do, want to contemplate a future where that facility may change or dis-appear. But without action as bold, brave, and potentially transformative as the AIR Act is, the long-term suc-cess and sustainability of the VA healthcare system is in serious ques-tion, and veterans will suffer the con-sequences. I want to assure those who may still be concerned about AIR that they will have nothing to fear from it. I worked closely with a wide variety of veteran service organizations to ensure that the AIR process takes and includes a high level of veteran, VSO, stake-holder, and community involvement— both locally and nationally—and to make sure no AIR recommendation would occur behind closed doors with-out an open discussion and a review of all the relevant facts, with every op-tion and opportunity left on the table. It is my firm belief that AIR will re-sult in a modern, streamlined VA healthcare system but not necessarily a markedly smaller one. VA is going to remain a presence in communities large and small, and no facility that is needed to care for veteran patients or that has a worthy service to provide them will be negatively impacted. The fourth component of the MIS-SION Act will be to expand the Family Caregiver Program to the caregivers of pre-9/11 veterans. Congress created the Family Caregiver Program in 2010 to provide services and supports, includ-ing a monthly stipend payment and healthcare coverage, if needed, to care-givers of post-9/11 veterans. Caregivers provide an invaluable service, often at great personal sac-rifice, to those veterans who have been seriously injured in the line of duty. Caregivers know no age or era, but for far too long the Family Caregiver Pro-gram has been restricted to an inequal-ity based on era of service. The MIS-SION Act would correct that serious inequity and finally give pre-9/11 care-givers the recognition they deserve. The fifth and the final component of the MISSION Act would be to enhance the internal capacity of the VA healthcare system to care for veteran patients internally. Opponents of this bill will tell you falsely that it is aimed at eventual privatization of the VA healthcare system. That mis-conception is based on nothing but fear and rhetoric, I think. The MISSION Act contains numerous provisions that would make it easier for VA to attract high-quality commis-sions and other professionals and put them to work in VA medical facilities, just as I have done. It also contains nu-merous provisions that would make it easier for the providers already work-ing in VA hospitals and clinics to see more veteran patients and to be recog-nized and rewarded for their great work. Together, these provisions would for-tify the VA healthcare system and make sure it stays strong and able to provide the care that it is meant to provide. Before closing, I want to take a mo-ment to recognize some people: Chair-man J
OHNNY ISAKSON and Ranking Member T
ESTER of the Senate Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. Chairman I
SAKSON and Ranking Member T ESTER  have been steadfast partners over the last year and over the last several weeks, in particular. The MISSION Act would not be a reality without their good-faith efforts to work hand in hand with me and with our veteran service organization partners to overcome our differences and craft a bipartisan, bi-cameral compromise bill that veterans and their families can be proud of. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank them for their leadership and for their friend-ship. I am also grateful for the many mem-bers of the committee from both sides of the aisle and both sides of the Cap-itol, including Ranking Member W
ALZ, and to our VSO partners in the commu-nity, the VA, and in the White House who have worked hard over the last year and a half to craft and consider many of the provisions that make up the MISSION Act. Finally, I want to thank President Trump for his leadership and steadfast commitment to veterans since taking office. This bill would not have been possible without his vocal leadership. This may well be the most impactful vote that any of us will ever take for our Nation’s veterans. And before I finish, I also want to thank the staffs on both sides of the aisle, both in the Senate and in the House, both Republican and Democrat, for their incredible hard work, the many hours behind the scenes that you never see, that the public never sees, that I certainly appreciate and I be-lieve Ranking Member W
ALZdoes too, the hard work of our staffs. A ‘‘yes’’ vote is a vote for access, for quality, for choice, for the long-term success and sustainability of the VA healthcare system, for caregivers and for veterans. And for that I would rec-ommend a positive ‘‘yes’’ vote. The MISSION Act is supported by every major military and veteran serv-ice organization that rightfully recog-nizes this as a monumental and his-toric opportunity to support a bill that will positively impact the daily lives and well-being of millions of veterans and their families and fundamentally shape and improve the second largest agency in the Federal Government. b1600 I urge every single one of my col-leagues to stand today with me and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.066 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4040 May 16, 2018 
these organizations dedicated to the service of veterans, servicemembers, and their families, and, most impor-tantly, our Nation’s veterans, and sup-port the VA MISSION Act. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from the VSO in support of the MISSION Act. 
MAY7, 2018. Hon. P
HILROE, Chairman, House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNNY ISAKSON , Chairman, Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. T
IMWALZ, Ranking Member, House Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, Washington, DC. Hon. J
ONTESTER , Ranking Member, Senate Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROE, R ANKING MEMBER  W
ALZ, CHAIRMAN ISAKSON AND RANKING MEM-
BERTESTER : On behalf of the millions of vet-erans, service members and family members we represent and advocate for, we offer our strong support for the ‘‘VA Maintaining In-ternal Systems and Strengthening Inte-grated Outside Networks Act of 2018,’’ also known as the ‘‘VA MISSION Act of 2018.’’ This historic veterans legislation would con-solidate and reform VA’s community care programs; extend funding for the current Veterans Choice Program for one year; strengthen VA’s ability to recruit, hire and retain quality medical personnel; review, re-align and modernize VA’s health care infra-structure; and extend eligibility to VA’s comprehensive caregiver assistance program to aging and disabled veterans injured before September 11, 2001. Our organizations strongly support ex-panding eligibility for VA’s comprehensive caregiver program to all generations of seri-ously disabled veterans, while maintaining the caregiver benefits that are currently available. Today, this program provides full comprehensive caregiver assistance only to veterans injured on or after September 11, 2001, leaving family caregivers and veterans injured during World War II, the Korean, Vietnam and Gulf Wars ineligible for this critical support. The legislation will help to correct this injustice and we—along with millions of members in our organizations— applaud you for taking this action and look forward to working in the future to ensure that both injured and ill veterans from all eras are eligible for this benefit. The legislation would consolidate VA’s community care programs and develop inte-grated networks of VA and community pro-viders to supplement, not supplant VA health care, so that all enrolled veterans have timely access to quality medical care. The bill includes funding to continue the current Choice Program for an additional year until the new community care program is implemented as well as important work-force improvement provisions to strengthen VA’s internal capacity to delivery care. This carefully crafted compromise represents a balanced approach to ensuring timely access to care while continuing to strengthen the VA health care system that millions of vet-erans choose and rely on. The legislation also includes a new Asset and Infrastructure Review (AIR) process in-tended to design and implement a com-prehensive plan to optimize and modernize VA’s medical care facilities. The AIR process would provide meaningful stakeholder in-volvement, transparency and other safe-guards during the review process to help en-sure the final result leads to a stronger and better aligned VA infrastructure able to de-liver care to veterans when and where they need it. Since the access and waiting list crisis ex-ploded in 2014, Congress, VA and veterans leaders have debated how best to strengthen and reform the delivery of veterans health care to ensure timely and seamless access for enrolled veterans. The legislation before the Committee would take a major step towards that goal by making improvements to and investments in the VA health care system, creating integrated networks so that vet-erans have access to care when and where they need it, and providing the further rec-ognition and assistance to family caregivers of severely disabled veterans deserve. As leaders of the nation’s veterans and military service organizations, we thank you for your steadfast leadership in crafting this important bipartisan bill and call on all members of Congress to seize this historic opportunity to improve the lives of veterans, their families and caregivers by swiftly pass-ing the ‘‘VA MISSION Act of 2018.’’ The men and women who have served, are serving and will serve in the future are counting on Con-gress’ support. Respectfully, Garry J. Augustine, Washington Execu-tive Director, DAV (Disabled American Veterans); Verna L Jones, Executive Director, The American Legion; Joseph R. Chenelly, Executive Director, AMVETS; Dana T. Atkins, Lieutenant General, U.S. Air Force (Ret.), Presi-dent, Military Officers Association of America; Robert E. Wallace, Executive Director, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States; Carl Blake, Execu-tive Director, Paralyzed Veterans of America; Rick Weidman, Executive Di-rector of Policy, Vietnam Veterans of America; Rene Bardof, Senior Vice President, Government & Community Relations, Wounded warrior Project; Paul Rieckhoff, Founder and CEO, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America; Joseph C. Bogart MA, Executive Direc-tor, Blinded Veterans Association; Thomas J. Snee, National Executive Director, Fleet Reserve Association; Kristina Kaufmann, Executive direc-tor, Code of Support Foundation. Paul K. Hopper, Colonel, USMC (Ret.), National President, Marine Corps Re-serve Association; James T. (Jim) Currie, Ph.D., Colonel, USA (Ret.), Ex-ecutive Director, Commissioned Offi-cers Association of the U.S. Public Health Service; Neil Van Ess, National Commander, Military Order of the Pur-ple Heart; Steve Schwab, Executive Di-rector, Elizabeth Dole Foundation; Bonnie Carroll, President and Founder, Tragedy Assistance Program for Sur-vivors; Jon Ostrowski, Senior Chief USCGR, Retired, Director, Government Affairs, Non Commissioned Officers As-sociation; Michael Cowan MD, VADM USN (Ret), Executive Director, AMSUS; Randy Reid, Executive Direc-tor, U.S. Coast Guard Chief Petty Offi-cers, Association; Deirdre Park Holleman, Esq. Washington Executive Director, The Retired Enlisted Associa-tion; John H. Madigan, Jr, Vice Presi-dent and Chief Public Policy Officer, American Foundation for Suicide Pre-vention; CW4 (Ret.) Jack Du Teil, Ex-ecutive Director, United States Army Warrant Officers, Association; Jim Lorraine, President & CEO, America’s Warrior Partnership. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to say the chairman’s description of how this process was done was absolutely 100 percent accurate. The sense of biparti-sanship that went into the writing of this bill, the sense of purpose in shared values on caring for our veterans, the sense of dignity and respect that was given to the minority side in dissenting opinions both from the chairman and his staff was exemplary and what we should all expect out of our leadership. This is a piece of legislation that has components of it that have literally been with me or been on my mind or things that I have tried to effect for literally two-thirds of my life—24 years in that uniform and 12 years here. Much of this, I am proud to have been part of the original authors with the chairman in writing that, and it brings me to a strange position today. I am rising personally in opposition, and I say that this will be my last op-portunity to vote on the Choice Act. I will be leaving this Congress after this term, and after many positive things—and I have said it time and time again. The leadership that the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) is showing will probably not be parallel in terms of care for veterans in the way that he has approached this. This piece of legislation is critically important— the caregivers piece in it, the piece on dealing with VA assets and how we look at capacity going forward, and, of course, Choice. And I would like to say—and espe-cially to my friend, S
AMJOHNSON —very few words need to be said about S
AM J
OHNSON . We served on the POW/MIA Commission in dealing with finding the lost remains of our warriors and deal-ing directly with the Russian Govern-ment. And when S
AMJOHNSON ’s name is mentioned anywhere around the world, people stop and listen. So it is appropriate. I thank the chairman for naming that, and, of course, with Sen-ators Akaka and M
CCAIN. My concerns on this. This is not a symptom of the VA Committee. The VA Committee did exactly what it was supposed to do. The chairman did ex-actly what he was supposed to do. The VSOs did exactly what they were sup-posed to do. But I think this is my last chance to voice, how do we ever get to the point where we look at long-term stability. How do we ever get to the point—three times we had to do—and the chairman is right. I have no doubt that this body, because of the care for veterans on both sides, will do what-ever is necessary when we run short, and we will. And next May, when we hit the dis-cretionary spending caps and things had to be made, I have no doubt, under the chairman’s leadership, we will find a fix, or whoever sits in that chair will try and find that fix. I thought, and still believe to this day, this was our opportunity to look at that long-term care—the issue that was going to be the stability of VA care. The Congressional Budget Office esti-mates this bill is going to cost $47 bil-lion over 5 years. There is not an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.068 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4041 May 16, 2018 
American taxpayer that would not pay every penny of that to go to care of veterans. This is not about trying to figure that piece of it out. Paying for veterans care in the community is going to cost $22 billion on that. I agree that reforming Choice Pro-grams, consolidating the VA’s seven other community care programs is needed. And I agree transferring this funding of the Choice Program to dis-cretionary funding so the VA can budg-et for the increased cost and all healthcare is paid by that fund. We must ensure the high cost of commu-nity care, though, does not force the VA to cut other critical veterans serv-ices. It is unfortunate that we have chosen to solve this problem on the mandatory side by exempting VA care from statu-tory PAYGO, but we are not going to do that in the future on the care in the community. It is not a problem that is going to occur years from now. Every-body in here who is coming back—and the voters will tell you if you are or not—is coming. The cost of community care is so expensive, we will not get through fiscal year 2019 without a simi-lar exemption on the discretionary side. This bill fails to address how VA will fund all of its other programs once this transfer occurs. The Bipartisan Budget Act deal raised VA’s caps by $4 billion to improve VA infrastructure. This in-creased discretionary funding responsi-bility for community care is going to undermine that deal, forcing VA to cut its own programs and use money des-ignated for VA infrastructure to fund community care. That is a choice we can make, and it is a choice that has to be made. I am just suggesting today that with the good will, the smart policies, the lead-ership that was here, maybe we should have gone for the whole one on this. I will take the critique that looking for the perfect and throwing away the good is a fair critique. I am just not sure, in a Congress with a $21 trillion deficit and a discretionary spending budget that could be eaten up across there, when is that hard decision ever going to be made? It could mean that care provided in VA hospitals and clinics, construction and maintenance of those facilities, veterans homelessness programs, and VA research will have to see cuts under the way the law is made to make sure community care is funded. It could cause cuts to programs across the Fed-eral Government, including programs that help veterans with job training, employment assistance, or veterans treatment courts. Even the expansion of eligibility for caregiver assistance for all veterans of all generations—a key part of this bill supported by ev-eryone here—could face cuts if VA hits those spending caps. Now, all of us here, it is the job of this committee to be the authorizing committee, so don’t get me wrong. I am not going to put the pressure where the White House was or to the appro-priators, but the fact of the matter is, after this vote, the Caregiver Support Program has zero dollars in it. No dol-lars in it. They are going to have to come from somewhere, and a budget that the chairman has rightfully told us has increased fourfold in the last 10 years, we are going to have to come to grips with that. I am not suggesting you cut it. I am just suggesting that we budget hon-estly on this so we don’t run into this nightmare scenario that is coming in May of 2019. There are concerns over long-term sustainability without quali-fied leadership in place to successfully implement the program. Here is what I am worried about. If this committee and even this Congress were responsible for implementation, but once it leaves here, it goes to the executive branch, I, as the ranking member of the House VA Committee, am not quite sure who to call up there right now in this transition. We have been 40 days without a VA Secretary. We don’t have one, that I know of, scheduled to go in front of the Senate for confirmation at this point in time. So we are willing to capitulate the authority, the ability to give this over there, and decisions that are going to affect generational care in the VA to somebody yet to be placed. That lead-ership piece scares me. But again, some of it is relieved because I know you have got leadership in this House. I know you have got a chairman who cares, wants to get this right, I trust, to carry that oversight out. The problem is, administrations come and go; secretaries comes and go; Members of Congress come and go. That is why we do statutory require-ments on spending. That is why this is now discretionary spending. That is why there are caps in place that cannot be violated, and decisions will be made where that is going to come from. Also, a shortage of 33,000 health pro-viders in the VA and a $10 billion back-log to fix needed facilities that have ‘‘D’’ or ‘‘F’’ life conditions, that we should be doing more to address that internal care. I agree. These reforms are needed. I agree that these programs were debated in a logical, a fair, and open manner. We got much of what needed to be done in this. We got much of what is good. The chairman took this process—ex-actly what should be expected of us. My responsibility, as the final time that I will stand here to talk about how we fund Choice and how we get going for long-term sustainability, is to ask us to just put in—and we had a couple of amendments that could do this—ask us with some capacity to be able to fix that cap piece in this and look for that long-term sustainability. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ), one of my personal heroes. One of the greatest privileges I have had in the 91⁄2years I have served in this U.S. Congress is to serve with S
AMJOHNSON . Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank Chair-man R
OEfor his strong support of our veterans and for the incredible honor he does Senators Akaka, M
CCAIN, and myself with the bipartisan bill before us. I am truly humbled by this gesture, and I am sure it also means a lot to my buddy J
OHN, his family, and Senator Akaka’s family as well. Both of these men served during wartime. Many folks know that J
OHN and I were POWs at Hanoi Hilton, and I will always admire his courage in rejecting the North Vietnamese offer to go home early. They, of course, did this in an ef-fort to break the spirit of other POWs. No one but another POW knows the strength and heartbreak it takes to deny yourself the hope of home when your future and life are uncertain. I say this as a fellow POW who spent nearly 7 years in that hellhole Earth. Mr. Speaker, I served 29 years in the United States Air Force and fought in both the Korean and Vietnam wars, so I understand the sacrifices our service-members make to protect the freedom of every American. It is only right that in return for their faithful service, our veterans get the quality healthcare they need and deserve when they re-turn home. That is why one of my proudest accomplishments is the estab-lishment of a VA community-based outpatient clinic in my hometown of Plano, Texas. This facility was much needed in our community, and I am proud to report it is expanding services for our veterans all the time. But as important as a VA facility is, they are not always convenient for our veterans to visit. To address the fact that some veterans live far from VA fa-cilities or face longer wait times to see doctors, Congress created the Choice Program. Today’s bill makes the Choice Pro-gram even better by bringing it fully into the VA health system. That means all veterans actively enrolled in the VA can go to a doctor in their community. You know that is the right thing to do in the spirit, and I think this bill is something we should all support. Politics aside, may we all be mindful that our veterans have answered the call to duty. They put their lives on the line on our behalf, and their fami-lies serve alongside them as well. At the very at least, they deserve to be treated with respect and appreciation for their service and their sacrifice. To all our veterans: God bless you and God bless America. I salute you. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for bringing in-spiration to everybody in this body and across the country. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ), the vice ranking member of the House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member W
ALZfor yielding me 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.069 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4042 May 16, 2018 
the time and his steadfast leadership on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. He has been tireless in his support of vet-erans and their families. I am, like-wise, inspired by the gentleman from Texas’ service to our country. I thank him for his service. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today is the culmination of years of ongoing discussion about how to guarantee vet-erans have timely access to quality care. It streamlines existing programs that allow veterans to get care in the community, creates a process for align-ing VA facilities to meet the changing needs of the veteran population, and it expands the Caregiver Support Pro-gram to all veterans. b1615 It should come as no surprise that I have serious concerns with this bill. I voted against it when it was reported out of committee to signal that it is not a perfect bill and that there are still improvements to be made. One of my biggest concerns has to do with funding. In that regard, I share the concern of the ranking member. While previous funding for Choice came from emergency mandatory funding, moving forward, the program will re-ceive discretionary funding and could break the budget caps that trigger se-questration. That is why I offered an amendment at the Rules Committee last night that guaranteed that moving community care funding to the discretionary side wouldn’t count against the bipartisan budget caps we agreed to just a few short months ago. It would help guar-antee that we continue to keep our promises to veterans by funding the full range of supports and benefits that they are owed. Unfortunately, that amendment was not made in order for us to consider on the floor today. Without this critical amendment, I am concerned we will be facing difficult choices, and I fear that veterans will ultimately pay the price, and I mean that in a literal sense. I have concerns about the process that brought us here today. I think this bill needs a greater emphasis on building the VA’s capacity, its internal capacity, to provide veterans the spe-cialized care that many of them need. We need to do more to recruit and re-tain the best providers to care for our veterans. I wish that there were more guard-rails in place as we begin asset realign-ment, and I wish that we had a strong VA leadership in place before moving forward with sweeping reforms. But, at the end of the day, Mr. Speaker, I real-ize we can’t keep doing emergency patches to fund community care. We can’t continue to look veterans in the eye when we don’t offer caregiver sup-port services just because they served in an era before 9/11. That is why I will reluctantly vote in favor of this bill today. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from California. Mr. TAKANO. I will reluctantly vote for this bill today. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, just for clarification, we have been under cap since 2011. The VA budget has grown exponentially since then. We have always done the right thing for our Nation’s heroes and will continue to do that. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ), my good friend. He served until he recently moved to a different committee, as chairman of the Health Subcommittee. He has been an active member of the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee and has been a very valued member. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to follow S
AMJOHNSON here at this podium. I have been in Congress 6 years, and to think that he spent 7 years incarcerated as a POW. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the VA MISSION Act. This legislation is about keeping our promises to those who safeguard our freedoms. As a member of the Army Reserve and a doctor in the Army, I am all too familiar with the challenges plaguing the VA today. In 2014, America wit-nessed the heartbreaking results of hidden VA wait lists, and Congress quickly responded with the Veterans Choice Program to ensure that no vet-eran was kept from care. Now, with the leadership of Chairman R
OE, we are de-livering a lasting solution to get our deserving veterans the care that they have earned and enacting real reforms for the VA to succeed in the 21st cen-tury. This bill will improve and streamline the VA’s community care programs, those outside the walls of the VA, into one cohesive program and give a pa-tient and their doctor more say in the process. This will create a nonpartisan, transparent process to review the VA’s infrastructure assets, in line with the recommendation from the Commission on Care. This bill will expand the VA’s post-9/ 11 caregiver program to all eras of vet-erans. The VA MISSION Act also includes my legislation, the VA Provider Equity Act, which aims to enhance the ability of the VA to recruit and retain in-de-mand surgical specialists, due, in part, to increased use of IEDs in the last dec-ade of war. Mr. Speaker, if we don’t act by May 31, 2018, the funding for the Veterans Choice Program will run out, and vet-erans across America will be unable to access healthcare. Finally, I want to extend my sincere thanks and gratitude for the tireless work of the entire VA Committee staff, and specifically Christine Hill and Samantha Gonzalez, for the countless hours that they have put in to getting this across the finish line. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sponsor the John McCain, Daniel Akaka, and Samuel Johnson VA MISSION Act, named in honor of three American vet-eran heroes, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. BROWNLEY ), my good friend, the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Health. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota for yielding, and I thank him, also, for his leadership on the committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the VA MISSION Act because it makes significant improvements to the VA that our Nation’s veterans have long been asking for, which will help deliver better care to the 9 million vet-erans enrolled in the VA. While I recognize that this bill is not a perfect one, my mission and the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee’s mission has always been to provide better access to high-quality care for our Nation’s vet-erans, and this bill advances that goal in a few very important ways. First, the VA MISSION Act consoli-dates the various community care pro-grams, which will make it easier for veterans to use and for providers to participate in. The bill also expands the caregiver program, which is critical for improv-ing outcomes and quality of life for our veterans. This has been a key priority for our Nation’s veterans service orga-nizations for years. Community nursing homes are five times more expensive than the average cost of the caregiver program. Expand-ing the caregiver program will save the VA and taxpayers money in the long run, all the while allowing veterans to receive quality care and better care at home from the people they trust the most. The bill also makes important im-provements to community care eligi-bility, which are more closely aligned with the veterans’ needs rather than the arbitrary criteria currently in place. Finally, I am planning to vote ‘‘yes’’ because time is of the essence. As you may know, the acting VA Secretary re-cently informed Congress that the Choice account will run out of funds by the beginning of June, meaning tens of thousands of veterans could lose access to community care in a few short weeks. The VA MISSION Act will en-sure that this does not happen, which is another reason why the legislation is supported by 39 veterans service orga-nizations. With that said, I fully recognize that the bill’s approach to realigning facili-ties, in my opinion, is flawed. I also share the ranking member’s concerns about the budget caps. Reim-posing the sequester would be dev-astating for the VA and for other Fed-eral discretionary programs. This is a real issue that must be addressed. Since I have been in Congress, we have raised budget caps three times in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.070 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4043 May 16, 2018 
a bipartisan manner. We can and we must do so again in order to avoid dev-astating cuts to programs our constitu-ents depend on. As the ranking member noted, during the committee markup, Democrats tried to fix this issue, but his amend-ment was voted down. Today, our new colleague from Pennsylvania also has offered legislation to address this issue, which I supported, but the House did not adopt it. While I am disappointed that the budget cap issue has not yet been fully addressed, I plan to vote for the VA MISSION Act today. It is past that time. Congress must take action to consolidate the community care pro-grams and to expand the caregiver pro-gram. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to also support the bill. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), the vice chair of the committee and a tireless worker on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, what an honor it is, an honor and a privilege, to serve with Mr. S
AMJOHNSON , a true American hero. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2372, the VA MISSION Act, which will provide significant reforms and improvements to the Veterans Choice Program. Since its implementation, the Vet-erans Choice Program has served over 1.7 million unique veterans seeking timely and high-quality healthcare for their physical and invisible wounds. Al-though progress has been made, there is more work to be done to ensure we balance resources from community care and the VA healthcare system. The VA MISSION Act will streamline and consolidate the Veterans Choice Program with the other duplicative VA community care programs to create one new cohesive Veterans Community Care Program. This new program al-lows eligible veterans to seek care from non-VA providers in the commu-nity if the VA is not providing the quality care the veterans deserve, and timely care. It also requires access to community providers if the veteran and doctor believe it is in the veteran’s best medical interest to seek such care. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OE, who did an outstanding job with this bill, for his hard work on this bi-cameral, bipartisan piece of legisla-tion, which is the result of a long nego-tiation process, where both sides of the aisle put aside differences and com-promised to strike a balance between each stakeholder. This is how Congress should work. I am proud of the work that we have done on this committee. I want to thank the staff, as well. The committee ensured that we have a great work product for our true Amer-ican heroes. Again, I want to thank the sponsors of the bill. Mr. Speaker, let’s have a great vote for our true American heroes. Let’s pass this VA MISSION Act and get it to the Senate as soon as possible. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, could I in-quire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Minnesota has 151⁄2min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Tennessee has 10
1⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ), my good friend, the ranking member of the Sub-committee of Oversight and Investiga-tions. Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak as a co-sponsor of the VA MISSION Act. I ap-preciate the work of Chairman R
OEand Ranking Member W
ALZin putting this bill together. This bill is almost unani-mously supported by the veterans serv-ice organization community. I am proud to cosponsor this legisla-tion because it will enact needed re-forms to the Veterans Choice Program and finally extend benefits to family caregivers for veterans of all eras. I am pleased that the committee re-tained provisions that Senator S
UL-
LIVAN of Alaska and I fought for that would recognize the unique access issues for States that lack a full-serv-ice VA hospital. While I will continue to fight for improved and expanded fa-cilities at our Manchester, New Hamp-shire, VA Medical Center, it is impor-tant to recognize that we have unique challenges in New Hampshire where we do not have a full-service hospital. I also want to speak to this: the pro-visions that expand the caregiver bene-fits provided to post-9/11 veterans to veterans of all eras are necessary and long overdue. I have heard repeatedly from Granite State veterans of eras prior to the global war on terror that the dif-ferences and benefits are simply unfair. The way these benefits are currently structured essentially pits veterans against veterans. That is unacceptable. I thank Chairman R
OEfor working with us on finding a way forward for family caregiver benefits. I am sure thousands of Granite State veterans will agree. While this bill embodies the kind of bipartisanship for which our com-mittee is well known, it is not perfect. As the ranking member of the Over-sight and Investigations Sub-committee, I believe it is important to acknowledge parts of the bill that will need continued oversight. I remain committed to ensuring that the VA fol-lows through in a manner that befits the veterans they serve. Number one, the asset infrastructure review portion of the bill is promising, but I have concerns that it will be in-sufficient to accomplish its goals. The VA is in desperate need of improved fa-cilities and a realignment of facilities to better serve veterans’ needs. In my own State of New Hampshire, the veterans of the North Country must rely on the Veterans Choice Pro-gram, rather than have ease of access to services they would prefer. I am en-couraged by the continued work to im-prove our existing facilities, but Gran-ite State veterans need more, and I hope this bill will further empower the VA to expand services in Manchester and across our State. Recent experiences has shown that the VA’s ability to accurately assess the needs of the veterans’ population is in doubt. I remain committed to ensur-ing that the VA can paint an accurate picture of veterans’ needs, especially veterans living in rural America. Too often, our veterans in rural America have seen promised infrastructure ex-pansion stripped away from them. I urge the veterans service organizations community to continue to work with us to keep the VA honest. b1630 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to welcome Ms. KUSTER back. She has been out for a little bit due to some work, and I am glad to see her back on the floor. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ), my good friend and a very active mem-ber of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this is a great day, a great week for America. Here we are celebrating not only our great vet-erans, who have given us our freedom and our way of life, but also our great police officers, who stand between our-selves and a more chaotic environment. We are grateful for everybody that steps up, not only our men and women in uniform who have represented us, but also our men and women in blue. Mr. Speaker, I represent the Second Congressional District of the great State of Maine. This is the largest geo-graphic district east of the Mississippi River. We have an 8-hour drive if you go from Fryeburg to Van Buren over beautiful country roads, all kinds of critters in the roads, including moose, so you have got to be careful when you are driving, but let me tell you, we also have 125,000 veterans in the State of Maine, more than half of which, Mr. Speaker, are in the Second District. We love our veterans in the State of Maine. We absolutely love our vet-erans. We honor them, but we only have, Mr. Speaker, one veterans hos-pital in the State of Maine. It is in Togus, the first VA Hospital in Amer-ica to take care of our veterans coming back from the Civil War. But, you know, if you live in Frenchville, Maine, or you live in Van Buren, you might have a 3-, 4-, or 5-hour drive to Togus at 2 o’clock in the morning when the snow is blowing sideways in February. We need to make sure we give folks an opportunity—who served our coun-try—to get healthcare closer to them. It just makes sense. Now, a lot of people, Mr. Speaker, say, ‘‘Well, we don’t want to privatize the VA.’’ Neither do I, and nobody wants to, but it makes sense to make sure we augment what they can do so our veterans can get healthcare closer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.072 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4044 May 16, 2018 
to home, and that is exactly what this program does. Now, one thing I have to mention to you, Mr. Speaker, is that some of our rural hospitals who have contracted with the VA and provided great serv-ices to our veterans have not been get-ting paid on time. This is a real prob-lem when you have got a small hospital that might not have bills paid for 1 to 2 years. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, we need to make sure all of our rural hospitals in the State of Maine and throughout the country get paid, and this bill says if they are not paid within 30 days, then interest starts accruing on that. This is a great win for our veterans, for our small community hospitals that need to stay open for everybody, and for this country. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ORREA ), my good friend and a member of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, who also served a very long time in the California Senate serving veterans there. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2372, the VA MISSION Act. Mr. Speaker, I support the VA MIS-SION Act because it will improve ac-cess to timely care for all our veterans through consolidation and reform of the various care and community pro-grams and through expansion of the caregiver program. Like my colleague from Maine said, in California, we are the proud home to the largest number of veterans in the United States, and we want more of them in California. Let me say that I know there may be some issues with this legislation, but at the end of the day, I have got to ask myself, is this about Wall Street or is this about the beltway? No. This is about Main Street, Main Street Santa Ana, Anaheim, Orange County, Cali-fornia. This VA MISSION Act is supported by 38 veteran and military service groups, including The American Le-gion. One of my constituents, Ken George, the District 29 Commander of the De-partment of California American Le-gion, represents more than 8,000 Amer-ican Legion members in Orange Coun-ty, he called me and he said: If Con-gress wants to help veterans and care-givers, there is no better way than to support this legislation. As Ken said, the bill will help vet-erans and caregivers through expansion of benefits available to our caregivers of veterans of all eras. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this legislation. Yes, there are some issues there, but at the end of the day, if you listen to our veterans, our friends, and neighbors, the folks we represent, this is an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DUNN), my good friend, a U.S. Army veteran, and an active mem-ber of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the VA MISSION Act of 2018. This important legislation secures veterans’ ability to access quality healthcare and ensures that we are fulfilling our promise to care for them following their service to our Nation. It builds on the success of the Choice Program by streamlining community care programs so a veteran can access care from a provider outside of the VA when they need to. It also expands caregiver benefits for seriously injured pre-9/11 veterans and for their families. The VA MISSION Act includes two healthcare initiatives from legislation that I have introduced that protects our veterans receiving organ trans-plants and also helps with the opioid crisis. Currently, there are only 13 facilities in the Nation where a veteran may re-ceive a transplant in the VA healthcare system, and none of these facilities performs all types of transplants. Timely organ transplants are often the difference between life and death. The transplant language from my bill included in the VA MISSION Act elimi-nates the roadblocks that veterans face and increases the access to care for our veterans, the care that they have earned by their service to our Nation. We are also fighting the opioid epi-demic among veterans. My legislative initiative increases transparency in opioid prescribing at the VA by allow-ing doctors to identify high users of controlled drugs who are therefore at risk for addiction. My language in the VA MISSION Act instructs the VA to do what most private doctors already do: connect to the prescription drug monitoring databases nationwide so that no one slips through the cracks. Mr. Speaker, we are standing up and fighting for those who fought for our freedoms. As a surgeon and a veteran, I believe the VA MISSION Act is good medicine and good public policy. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this important leg-islation. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. E
STY), my good friend, the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the VA MISSION Act of 2018. I am proud to support the VA MISSION Act of 2018, especially because of its impor-tant expansion of support for family caregivers of veterans of all service eras. Since my first days in Congress, I have heard from veterans and their caregivers about the important support provided through the VA’s Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. Family caregivers provide loving and essential care at home for our injured veterans, from bathing and dressing, housework and transportation, to ad-ministering physical and medical therapies. Caregivers are true partners in the delivery of healthcare to our veterans, and it is important that we recognize their tremendous service and their worth. In 2010, Congress wisely stepped up to offer the family caregivers of veterans support in performing these vital tasks, but the program was only made available to the family caregivers of post-9/11 veterans. Clearly, those who served in World War II, Korea, and Vietnam, and their families are deserving of the same re-spect and support. That is why, since being elected to Congress, I have authored legislation in every session to expand this assist-ance for family caregivers to pre-9/11 veterans. Today, this Congress has the oppor-tunity to honor and support veterans of all service eras by voting for this excel-lent bill. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman RYANCOSTELLO for leading with me on these important caregiver issues. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their hard work on includ-ing this vital provision in the VA MIS-SION Act. Mr. Speaker, it is time that we treat our injured veterans of all eras equally by expanding the VA caregivers pro-gram to all injured veterans. I do want to note that I share the ranking member’s concerns with the long-term sustainability of this pro-gram. Congress will have to work closely with the VA as this expanded community care program is imple-mented to ensure that this program is sustainable without cuts to other vet-erans or other important domestic pro-grams. The bill we are considering today will ensure that our veterans are getting the care they need when they need it, but in addition to timely care, we must ensure that veterans have access to quality care. As we send veterans out-side the VA system to private medical providers, we need to ensure that these doctors and other healthcare profes-sionals are capable of delivering the quality care that each and every one of our veterans deserves. So, while I applaud the expansion of care in this bill, I am concerned about the potential for fraud, waste, and abuse as VA begins to send many more veterans outside the VA system to pri-vate medical providers. That is why it is vital that Congress remain engaged with the implementation of this pro-gram to make sure that our veterans are receiving high-quality healthcare from qualified providers and that we in Congress are being careful stewards of the taxpayer dollars. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.074 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4045 May 16, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I again thank the gen-tleman for yielding, and I thank the chairman and ranking member for their leadership. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to serve on this committee with such extraor-dinary public servants who share a commitment to serving those who have been willing to put their lives on the line to defend our freedom. It has been a pleasure and an honor serving with them. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate everyone on their hard work in bringing this bill, admittedly not perfect but very important, forward for our consider-ation, and I urge my colleagues to adopt it when we have the opportunity to vote later today. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ), a very ac-tive member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for this oppor-tunity, and I thank Ranking Member W
ALZfor such bipartisan support and work on this bill. I am very proud to serve on this committee because of the kind of work that goes on here under the leadership of Chairman R
OE. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor this bill. I can tell you, since coming to Congress, I have had the distinct honor of serving with Dr. R
OE, our chairman, and colleagues on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and during this time, we on the committee have heard from veterans services organizations, from the Veterans Administration, and from veterans themselves about the challenges in the VA healthcare sys-tem. We have learned about the barriers to timely care, the troubling provider shortage, also the lack of prompt pay-ment to our community providers, and so many other issues. I am proud to say that I believe this is, in the words of 38 VSOs who wrote in strong support of this legislation, truly a ‘‘historic opportunity to im-prove the lives of veterans, their fami-lies, and their caregivers.’’ That is one reason I am very proud to be on this committee. I think this is a historic move. It is our duty as legislators and as Americans to ensure that our veterans receive the best care possible. This bill accomplishes that by streamlining community care programs; improving access to timely care; funding the Choice Program; and, until this new program can be implemented, creating a fair access review process, greatly ex-panding the VA caregiver program, and improving VA’s own in-house capacity. One item that I would like to thank the leaders in both Chambers for, but especially Dr. R
OEand his staff and the White House, is including in this lan-guage on provider recruitment and re-tention within the VA, sections 301, 303, and 304 of this bill, which is lan-guage that I had asked to have placed in there. These provisions expand the tools the VA can use to recruit and retain qual-ity providers by requiring the use of scholarships and improving and ex-panding the loan repayment system that targets newly graduated medical students. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BERGMAN ), a lieutenant general and an incredibly valued mem-ber of our committee. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his tireless effort, along with the committee staff, to highlight that the House Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee is truly how a con-gressional committee is supposed to operate: together. b1645 The name of the act is the VA MIS-SION Act. Any member of the military understands that mission accomplish-ment is always first, and with this VA MISSION Act of 2018, what you are going to see is some extremely impor-tant elements in accomplishing that long-term mission of providing results for the veterans. The community care improvement consolidates seven duplicative commu-nity care programs into one cohesive program. It removes arbitrary one-size- fits-all parameters in the Choice Pro-gram. Previously, the Choice Program lim-ited accessing care to convenient and affordable. It wasn’t good enough. The VA MISSION Act provides Choice fund-ing shortfalls, ensuring that the 1-year funding bridge is complete so that the veterans have a continuity of care dur-ing the implementation of the new pro-gram. It also provides for the Asset and In-frastructure Review. This transforms the VA from relying on outdated inpa-tient facilities to more modern facili-ties meant for outpatient care of the future that includes delivery through telehealth, through different and unique circumstances that our vet-erans expect and deserve today. The VA is one of the Federal Govern-ment’s largest property holders and needs to make sure that its resources aren’t wasted keeping lights on in un-used buildings. Those limited resources need to be focused on the veterans. And finally, the caregiver expansion, this VA MISSION Act expands care-giver support to both pre- and post-9/11 veterans. That is essential and long overdue. When you reform the VA and allow for greater veteran choices but do not—and I repeat, do not—privatize, this is making the VA the best it needs to be going forward in support of our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I again thank the chair-man for his efforts. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, again, to the chairman, I am not writing his eulogy here, but I would say that is a pretty impressive resume of accomplishments, going back to the Forever GI Bill, appeals re-form, Clay Hunt Suicide, as just a few, and then this piece of legislation. The gentleman’s work and tenacity for vet-erans, Mr. Speaker, is second to none. His dignity and respect for all Members of this House in the process is leg-endary. And for giving this space today for us to talk about and debate on this floor our shared values, compromise dis-agreements, but always with the goal that we are in this together, that is created by an atmosphere of leader-ship. It is created by an atmosphere of respecting our democratic process. It is understanding that this is not about gotcha, who is this and who is that. It is about looking at what is possible. So I congratulate the gentleman for putting together a piece of legislation that serves so many veterans. It has the support of so many folks, and al-lowing me on this last opportunity to express those long-term concerns to make sure we don’t undermine that, I am forever grateful for that. I appreciate the comments and the gentleman from Michigan talking about the capacity inside the VA, too. We have got incredible providers there serving veterans every day, and many of them veterans themselves. I know his commitment to making sure they have the resources necessary to do their job. It is a priority. I think the concern that I am show-ing on the budget gap is just to make sure that we don’t pick one over the other or where veterans care is. And, as I said, again, if it were left on the shoulders of the chairman to ensure that would happen, I would sleep well at night. I just worry that when we don’t codify these things, when we have the uncertainty in the VA right now, that is where my concern came from, but not from this process, not from an openness, not from a commit-ment, and not from the gentleman’s willingness to get this thing across the finish line. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank every-one who was involved in this process, beginning with the staff, who have been heavily involved in this. Both the Republican side and Democratic side worked for the last, really, almost 18 months. I want to thank our Senate col-leagues on the other side of this Cap-itol who worked very hard and the hours that went into this. The real winners here are our Nation’s heroes, the veterans. This VA MISSION Act does a com-munity care where veterans can get high-quality care both inside the VA and out when the VA can’t do that. We have heard speakers down here from areas that don’t have a VA hospital. They absolutely rely on that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.075 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4046 May 16, 2018 
I was in Oregon a few months ago and realized that some veterans had to drive 5 hours to a VA facility. They need the community care bill in their community. We provide the funding for that bill to bridge us over until the new Secretary implements that. We have a caregiver. I am a Vietnam- era veteran, and I have seen many catastrophically injured Vietnam vet-erans whose families struggled for dec-ades. 520-plus Vietnam veterans are dying every day. It is time we imple-ment this bill and get these needed benefits to those World War II and vet-erans up to 9/11. We need to rightsize the VA. Healthcare is not provided like it used to be. It has become much more sophis-ticated and streamlined. And out-patient, the VA needs to get to be able to do that also. That is what the AIR Act is about. We are increasing the in-ternal capacity so we can train and get new clinicians and providers in. The speaker, S
AM JOHNSON , who spoke a minute ago, said it all. We should be able to look at that hero, who is a true American hero, and listen to his speech, which brought tears to my eyes, and vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 891, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. The Speaker pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 891 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b1653 IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to pro-vide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes, with Mr. M
ITCHELL in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ON-
AWAY ) and the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. P
ETERS on) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018, more commonly known as the farm bill. I do so, proud-ly, because I still believe that rural America and our farm and ranch familles are the backbone of this coun-try. Our farmers and ranchers ensure that Americans across this great country pay the lowest grocery bills in the world. They also hand us a rare trade surplus, while creating 21 million American jobs. In the heartland, agriculture is the lifeblood of the economy. When agri-culture does well, Main Street does well; and when agriculture is suffering, so is Main Street. But beyond the economic contribu-tions, rural America and our Nation’s farmers and ranchers are imbued with the values that I cherish deeply: the values of faith, family, God, country, and duty; of neighbor helping neighbor, hard work, and personal responsibility. In short, Mr. Chairman, rural Amer-ica and our Nation’s farmers and ranchers make America great. I expect that is why the President of the United States strongly supports this farm bill and urges passage. Times are not good right now in the heartland. Our Nation’s farmers and ranchers are struggling in the midst of a 5-year recession, with no end in sight. Net farm income has been cut in half over this period of time. As a result, rural America is not partaking in the economic recovery that urban counter-parts are experiencing. There are many reasons behind the hard times in farm and ranch country. I will briefly discuss two. In my hometown of Midland, Texas, we have received 1 inch of rain over the last 195 days. Drought is ravaging my State. Last year, we saw record losses due to hurricanes and wildfires. And to the north, in the ranking member’s home State, farmers are struggling to get into the fields to plant, although it is the middle of May. The fact is the men and women who clothe and feed us in a manner that is absolutely unrivaled in world history are the ones hit hardest and first by Mother Nature. A second reason for the current con-dition is another factor totally beyond the control of our farm and ranch fami-lies: the predatory trade practices of foreign countries. For the sake of brev-ity, I will offer just one example. In just 1 year, China oversubsidized just three crops by more than $1 bil-lion. To put that in perspective, the en-tire safety net for all of our farmers and ranchers under this farm bill is ex-pected to cost just 64 percent of the amount China spent on illegal sub-sidies in just 1 year on just three crops. Mr. Chairman, the global market is awash with high and rising foreign sub-sidies, tariffs, and nontariff trade bar-riers, and these are hurting American farmers and ranchers. So what do we do about that? We heed the call of the President of the United States and the Secretary of Ag-riculture to pass this farm bill. No, this farm bill is not a cure for all that ails rural America and our farm-ers and ranchers, but this farm bill does provide a safety net to see them through the hard times. For my colleagues interested in the budgetary impacts of this farm bill, H.R. 2 keeps faith with taxpayers, with CBO now projecting more than $112 bil-lion in savings, nearly five times what was pledged back in 2014. There are many other aspects of this farm bill, but I will just briefly touch on three. First, Secretary Perdue has shown great leadership on two particular issues that are extremely important to rural America: the opioid epidemic that is ravaging rural America needs an aggressive, effective response, and the lack of broadband in many parts of rural America puts farmers and ranch-ers in rural communities at a terrible disadvantage. The Secretary is deter-mined to tackle these problems and has asked for the tools he needs to make it happen. This farm bill provides those tools. Second, it is no secret that we do not have a bipartisan farm bill process at this moment, and that I deeply regret. Ultimately, Democrats and Repub-licans chose to agree to disagree on the question of whether work-capable adults should work or get free job training for 20 hours per week in order to be eligible for SNAP. I respect my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, but I do want to be clear about something: This farm bill in no way, shape, or form disrespects Americans who depend on SNAP. To the contrary, the farm bill keeps faith with SNAP beneficiaries, providing needed benefits and something more— the dignity that comes with work and the promise of a better life that a job brings. I want these Americans to real-ize the American Dream. Finally, in closing, I want to note that there is a cottage industry in this town that is determined to defeat this farm bill. They want this House to ig-nore the realities of Mother Nature and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.077 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4047 May 16, 2018 
the predatory trade practices of foreign countries and turn our back on farm and ranch families struggling to hang on in the face of these hard times. Mr. Chairman, that should not hap-pen on our watch. I urge my colleagues to stand by the hardworking families that put food on our tables and clothes on our backs and still live every day by the values that made this country truly great. Let’s stand up for rural America. Let’s pass this farm bill. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, April 30, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BISHOP : I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accord-ingly, understand that the Committee on Natural Resources will forego action on the bill. The Committee on Agriculture concurs in the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of the bill at this time, the Committee on Natural Resources does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this bill or similar legisla-tion in the future. In addition, should a con-ference on this bill be necessary, I would sup-port your request to have the Committee on Natural Resources represented on the con-ference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during Floor consider-ation. I appreciate your cooperation regard-ing this legislation and look forward to con-tinuing to work the Committee on Natural Resources as this bill moves through the leg-islative process. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, April 30, 2018. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I have received your letter regarding H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018, which contains provi-sions within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. In the interest of permitting you to pro-ceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this very important bill, I will not seek a re-ferral of H.R. 2. I do so with the under-standing that the Natural Resources Com-mittee does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim over the subject matter con-tained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. Further, I appreciate the work between our committees on forest manage-ment and look forward to working with you to build upon the important provisions with-in Title VIII of the bill as it moves through the legislative process. I also appreciate your support to name members of the Nat-ural Resources Committee to any conference committee to consider such provisions and for inserting our exchange of letters on H.R. 2 into the Congressional Record during con-sideration of the measure on the House floor. Congratulations on marshalling this monu-mental achievement through committee, and thank you again for the very cooperative spirit in which you and your staff have worked regarding this matter and many oth-ers between our respective committees. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, May 1, 2018. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN CONAWAY : I write with re-spect to H.R. 2, the ‘‘Agriculture and Nutri-tion Act of 2018.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 2 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 2 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 2. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, May 1, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2. I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation be-fore the House of Representatives, and ac-cordingly, understand that the Committee on the Judiciary will forego action on the bill. The Committee on Agriculture concurs in the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of the bill at this time, the Committee on the Judiciary does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on the Judiciary represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during Floor consider-ation. I appreciate your cooperation regard-ing this legislation and look forward to con-tinuing to work the Committee on the Judi-ciary as this bill moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , WASHINGTON DC. May 2, 2018. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. I write concerning H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. This legislation in-cludes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure will forego ac-tion on the bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that foregoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appoint-ment of conferees or to any future jurisdic-tional claim over the subject matters con-tained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdic-tion. Lastly, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure during any House-Senate conference con-vened on this or related legislation. I would ask that a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdic-tional interest as well as the mutually agreed upon changes to be incorporated into the bill be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor, to memorialize our un-derstanding. I look forward to working with the Com-mittee on Agriculture as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, May 2, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2, Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. I appreciate your sup-port in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure will forego action on the bill. The Committee on Agriculture concurs in the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of the bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addi-tion, should a conference on this bill be nec-essary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during Floor consider-ation. I appreciate your cooperation regard-ing this legislation and look forward to con-tinuing to work the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure as this bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  W
ORKFORCE , Washington, DC, May 2, 2018. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. Thank you for consulting with the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 2 on those matters within my committee’s jurisdiction, including provi-sions relating to workplace safety, work re-quirements, and child nutrition. The Committee on Education and the Workforce will not delay further consider-ation of this bill. However, I do so only with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.079 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4048 May 16, 2018 
the understanding this procedural route will not be construed to prejudice my commit-tee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional in-terest to my committee in the future. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be consid-ered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Committee Report for H.R. 2. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, May 2, 2018. Hon. V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman, Committee on Education and Workforce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRWOMAN FOXX: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2, Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. I appreciate your sup-port in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Edu-cation and Workforce will forego action on the bill. The Committee on Agriculture concurs in the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of the bill at this time, the Committee on Education and Workforce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legis-lation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Education and Workforce represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during Floor consider-ation. I appreciate your cooperation regard-ing this legislation and look forward to con-tinuing to work the Committee on Education and Workforce as this bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, May 15, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL K. C ONAWAY , Chairman, House Agriculture Committee, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018, which contains substantial matter that falls within the Rule X legislative jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee. I appreciate the consultation and cooperation between our committees, both before and after your markup of that bill. Based on that cooperation and our associ-ated understandings, and in order to expedite House consideration, the Foreign Affairs Committee agreed not to seek a sequential referral of H.R. 2, with the understanding that that decision in no way diminishes or alters the jurisdictional interests of the For-eign Affairs Committee in that bill, any sub-sequent amendments, or similar legislation. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of House Foreign Affairs con-ferees during any House-Senate conference on this legislation. Finally, I respectfully request that you in-clude this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 2 on the House floor. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, May 15, 2018. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2, Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. I appreciate your sup-port in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Foreign Affairs will forego action on the bill. The Committee on Agriculture concurs in the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of the bill at this time, the Committee on Foreign Affairs does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on For-eign Affairs represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during Floor consider-ation. I appreciate your cooperation regard-ing this legislation and look forward to con-tinuing to work the Committee on Foreign Affairs as this bill moves through the legis-lative process. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
b1700 Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutri-tion Act of 2018. H.R. 2 is not a work product that I am proud of because it is not one that I or my Democratic col-leagues had much of a role in pro-ducing. More than that though, I am opposed to H.R. 2 today because it is simply not good enough for American farmers, consumers, or rural advocates. H.R. 2 fails our farmers. The bill does not im-prove the safety-net programs farmers need to manage a troubled farm econ-omy. It fails to make needed increases to reference prices under the PLC pro-gram to address the 52 percent drop in national farm income. It neglects repeated requests to in-crease funding for trade promotion to help strengthen overseas markets in response to this administration’s ac-tions on trade and renewable fuels. H.R. 2 fails our Nation’s hungry. While I agree that there are changes that need to be made in the SNAP pro-gram, this is so clearly not the way to do it. The bill cuts more than $23 bil-lion in SNAP benefits and will result in an estimated 2 million Americans being unable to get help that they need. Within the nutrition title, the bill turns around and wastes billions that the majority cut from SNAP benefits to create a massive, untested work-force training bureaucracy. H.R. 2 fails our conservation goals by reducing the Federal funding for our voluntary conservation programs by almost $800 million. It fails our next generation. It lacks mandatory funding for scholarships at 1890 land grants. It underfunds our programs for beginning farmers, and outreach to socially dis-advantaged farmers and ranchers. H.R. 2, also fails our energy inde-pendence goals. Aside from eliminating the entire energy title, the bill hobbles renewable energy and energy efficiency efforts in rural communities by elimi-nating funding for the Rural Energy for America Program. H.R. 2 fails the farmers, rural advo-cates, and consumers that we are here to represent on all of these fronts. But what is so incredibly frustrating for me is, the failure of this process. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I would simply say for the record that all of the bill was negotiated—except for the SNAP title—in good faith with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Not once did they mention any-thing on many of these issues that were just brought up, but we did have an agreement on those non-SNAP ti-tles. It was a SNAP title, quite frank-ly, that caused the rift. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ), my colleague, the chair-man of the Nutrition Subcommittee. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman of the Agriculture Committee so much for yielding, and for his tireless work on this important legislation in order to support rural America and our most vulnerable. Over the past 3 years, the Agri-culture Committee has spent countless hours talking with constituents, per-forming outreach, and holding hearings with stakeholders to see how we can improve upon the 2014 farm bill. Contrary to the claims of some, this legislation was not created in the dead of night or without input from my friends across the aisle. Mr. Chairman, I have before me a let-ter that was sent to Chairman C
ON-
AWAY and Ranking Member P ETERSON  with priorities identified by the Demo-cratic Members that I am proud to serve with on the Agriculture Com-mittee. I am proud to see—under nutri-tion specifically—all of these, and I be-lieve all of these titles, these priorities were incorporated into the farm bill. Over this 3-year period, we held 21 hearings and heard from 81 witnesses at the Nutrition Subcommittee alone. Members of the Agriculture Committee traveled to every corner of the country to participate in listening sessions and obtain vital input from our farmers, our ranchers, and our growers. As the farm bill was in development at the committee, every Member had the opportunity to provide input and that input was considered during this process. Yet, even with an open proc-ess, no amendments were offered dur-ing the committee markup by my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.034 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4049 May 16, 2018 
friends across the aisle. That is an op-portunity for refinement, as is being on the House floor an opportunity for re-finement. From voluntary insurance programs, to conservation in rural development programs, to agriculture research, H.R. 2 contains critical supports for our Na-tion’s farmers, ranchers, and rural America. On the farm side, I am especially pleased with the continued reforms to the Margin Protection Program for Dairy, as well as the forestry provi-sions in title VIII. Now, while I could go on about all of these good policies contained in H.R. 2, this legislation ul-timately is about supporting American food—both on the farm, and on the con-sumer side. Food is a national security issue. And whether we realize it or not, every American shakes hands with a farmer at least three times a day. As chairman of the Nutrition Subcommittee, I am proud that we maintain nutrition as-sistance for our most vulnerable through the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. Approximately 65 percent of these dollars directly pro-vide food to children, the elderly, and persons with disabilities who rely on benefits of SNAP when times get tough. H.R. 2 also does make historic changes to SNAP by providing new job opportunities for work-capable adults. This bill does this by reinvesting sig-nificant dollars within our budget into education and training programs. By providing the States the increased resources to do this, every work-capa-ble SNAP recipient will be guaranteed a slot in a job-training program, lead-ing to ultimate food security. By doing this, we can help folks elect a pathway to long-term employment, self-suffi-ciency, and a way out of poverty. Mr. Chair, I ask that Members sup-port H.R. 2. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID S
COTT). Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, let me make it very clear at the very beginning, that this is a racist farm bill. Make no mistake about it. The good Lord said: Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. And the truth is that this is, unfortunately, a racist farm bill. Let me tell you why. After the Civil War when the South was utterly destroyed, they established land-grant colleges, and then 30 years later, because there was so much strug-gle without adequate freedom for my people—African Americans—they es-tablished the 1890 land-grant colleges because they had Plessy v. Ferguson, the separate but equal doctrine. Yeah, they were separated already, but never equal. These 1890 colleges have never gotten the financial support that they have needed to even come close to the White 1860s that were there. And so we tried to make amends in this farm bill to come up with a very noble idea. With the shortage of younger people not going into agriculture, not going into science and technology and research to feed the future, we established scholar-ships to go to the 1890s. But you know what? When they took our bill, put it into the farm bill, they took the money out—just like they did back in the 1890s. Black people in this country have suffered too long, and we need to put a stop to it. I am here. I know that this House will not put the money back in. It was just $1 million a year for each of the 5 years to try to get people in. And these land grants knew. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Every Black man does not necessarily want to play football or basketball. They want to feed the future. This is a ter-rible bill. The CHAIR. The gentleman is no longer recognized. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. * * * The CHAIR. The gentleman is no longer recognized. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. * * * Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I would like to recognize the fact that this brand-spanking-new program that never had any funding is authorized in the bill for discretionary spending to create the scholarship program that has just been referenced. There was no money taken out of the bill, because there was never any money in the pro-gram. We simply recognized the need and we set that program up in place as a di-rect result of the gentleman’s pas-sionate plea for a scholarship program. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. King). Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the yielding and the work that has been put in to get this farm bill together. First thing that I am happy about, it has the protect interstate commerce language in it, which passed in com-mittee by simply a voice vote. It is well-established. It protects and pre-serves the commerce clause. We can’t have States regulating interstate com-merce. That violates the commerce clause. This restores it. That is item number one. Item number two, in title I, we have in the bill that we protect the PLC pro-gram. We improve and protect the ARC program, and we protect the crop in-surance. All of that keeps our families on the farm, and if we don’t have that, market fluctuations take them off. We have also increased funding for the MAP program, Market Access Pro-gram, and for the Foreign Market De-velopment Program. We have got an-other FMD program too, and that is the vaccine bank that is in this bill. Putting work into the SNAP pro-gram is an important component. All work has dignity. All work has honor. It is a good start for what we need to do to get a lot better turnout of what goes on with our welfare programs. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for putting this bill together here on this floor today. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I am now pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ). Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman so very much for the fight he put up during this process. Mr. Chair, I stand today with my Democratic colleagues fighting for the very soul of America. Inscribed on the Statue of Liberty are these words: 
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door. 
We have lost our way, Mr. Chair. There is no longer a lamp, nor a golden door. And if we fail to protect the weak, the frail, the poor, the children, the seniors, and the disabled, we have lost our soul. We no longer live up to the promise of America and the true meaning of our creed. Mr. Chair, it is just cruel to Amer-ican families and food producers, those who rely on farm bill programs, to put them at risk, only to carry out a hate-ful, demeaning, and mean-spirited par-tisan agenda. It is dishonest to pro-mote the idea that SNAP recipients are undeserving; that we are lazy. Sixty-five percent of our SNAP re-cipients cannot work. They are chil-dren, seniors, and disabled. And most of the others do work—some of them in the very building in which we stand today. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues: What have poor children ever done to you? What have seniors done to you? What have the disabled ever done to you? Re-publicans are paying for the $2 trillion debt they created in the tax bill on the backs of the poor. It is just sad, Mr. Chair. Really, really sad. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST). Mr. BOST. Mr. Chairman, I hear from my constituents in southern Illinois that rural America is hurting. That is why we need the farm bill, to address the concerns facing agriculture all over rural America. The farm bill does just that. The farm bill protects the farm safety net, including commodity programs and crop insurance, invests in rural broadband, modernizes FSA loan pro-grams for new and beginning farmers and ranchers, and invests in conserva-tion. President Eisenhower once said: ‘‘Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil and you’re 1,000 miles from a corn field.’’ Those words hold true today, and that is why this bill was crafted with those farmers in mind, because farmers are everyone’s bread and butter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.080 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4050 May 16, 2018 
The CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
OST) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a Joint Res-olution of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is re-quested: 
S.J. Res. 52. Joint Resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Federal Communications Com-mission relating to ‘‘Restoring Internet Freedom’’. 
The CHAIR. The Committee will re-sume its sitting. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 The Committee resumed its sitting. b1715 The CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM ). Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I came to Congress to solve problems and create economic opportunities for New Mex-ico, which is still struggling with one of the highest unemployment and pov-erty rates in the Nation. Now, we had a chance in this farm bill to do just that, and I have worked for years on an array of bipartisan ini-tiatives in this bill, including creating a first-ever broadband grant program to increase internet access in rural communities; expediting the adoption of innovative conservation and water management technologies; and finally banning the heinous practice of lunch shaming. Unfortunately, the bill the majority brought to the floor today not only jeopardizes all of that bipartisan work, it also includes provisions that will cause so much pain to so many people in my State. This bill creates new restrictions on SNAP eligibility and a massive un-funded mandate on State bureaucracies which will further destabilize an al-ready broken SNAP system in New Mexico. I have spent years working to hold my State accountable for their mis-management of SNAP and for illegally denying thousands of individuals their benefits. Under this bill, those mis-takes will become much more common. Millions of Americans will be need-lessly kicked off SNAP, and more chil-dren and families will go hungry. Mr. Chairman, it may be politically expedient to bring this partisan bill to the floor that destroys SNAP as we know it, but passing a partisan bill that will undoubtedly die in the Senate does nothing for the Americans who wait for Congress to do their jobs. This bill is the perfect reflection of what is wrong with Washington: that politics will always take priority over progress. I urge my colleagues to re-commit to the bipartisan collaborative work that is desperately needed by farms, ranchers, and vulnerable Ameri-cans in every single one of our dis-tricts. This is the only way we will pass a farm bill and fulfill our commit-ment to the constituents we have a duty to serve. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ). Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, Amer-ica’s farm families have had to weather a 5-year recession with depressed prices resulting in a 52-percent drop in net farm income. Two-thirds of our farm-ing operations today are in economic trouble, and chapter 12 bankruptcies have risen by 33 percent in just 2 years. So it is no secret that our Nation’s farmers and ranchers are struggling. I hear all this talk during the past month about a free market, how every-thing would be so much better without farm programs. ‘‘We want a complete, total free market,’’ they say. From an intellectual and philosophical stand-point, I would love that. We all would. But here is the problem: that isn’t the real world. There is no free market when you have countries all around the world subsidizing their agriculture produc-tion to the hilt. For example, Com-munist China agreed to a subsidy limit as part of their accession to the WTO in 2001. But what do they do? They ex-ceed that subsidy limit by $100 billion on just three crops alone in 1 year. That is no free market. Farm programs account for 0.24 per-cent of the total Federal budget, and in return, every individual and family in this country is guaranteed an abun-dant, affordable food supply, and the very best nutritious food at an excep-tionally affordable price. That is, quite frankly, a huge return on a relatively small investment, not to mention what agriculture means to our rural econo-mies and our trade balance with the rest of the world. American agriculture is more than just being the best producers in the business and feeding the world. It is about food security and national secu-rity. Once a farm is gone, it isn’t com-ing back. It is not like your local hard-ware store that goes out of business; it is not like that space isn’t going to be replaced by another business; it will. Farms, on the other hand, are replaced by developments taking some of our very best farmland out of production. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman from North Caro-lina an additional 15 seconds. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, we have lost 44 million acres of farmland during the past 30 years. Mr. Chairman, passage of this farm bill is absolutely critical to the liveli-hood and success of our farm families and food supply. I encourage and hope that every one of us will vote for this bill. This farm bill strengthens the farm safety net while making other vital improvements to current law that will benefit our farm families, rural communities, and animal agriculture sec-tor—such as the establishment of a new U.S.- only vaccine bank to prevent Foot-and-Mouth disease, authorizing $1.1 billion to provide broadband service to harder-to-serve rural areas, and providing the Secretary of Agri-culture with tools necessary to help combat the ongoing opioid crises which is hitting rural America especially hard. Additionally, this farm bill makes common sense changes to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program to encourage work and provide for job training. The vast majority of Americans would agree that if you work you should be better off than if you don’t work. Under this bill, we simply ask that those who are of working age and are perfectly capable, work 20 hours a week. And, if one can’t find work we will pay for their job training so that everyone can attain the skills necessary to get the job they want. The unfortunate reality is that we have too many SNAP recipients stuck in the program with no pathway to upward mobility. Why? Be-cause current SNAP requirements are out-dated and riddled with loopholes that incentivize the status quo and fail to support those who need it most. In fact, more than 2/ 3 of work-capable adults on SNAP are not currently employed. Today unemployment numbers are at 3.9 percent. In the year 2000, the last time unem-ployment was this low, there were 17 million people on SNAP. Today, we have more than 41 million people on SNAP yet the unemploy-ment is exactly the same. Mr. Speaker, if that doesn’t illustrate the problem, I don’t know what does. We must do better. This farm bill puts this country on the path to do just that. It makes much needed reforms to ensure that recipients of these benefits— those who are perfectly capable of work— have a pathway to upward mobility, can get good jobs, and ultimately use their God-given talents to achieve a rewarding career. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), who is the chairman of the House Democratic Caucus. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. We need to talk about what is really happening with this bill. Just months after giving massive tax cuts to cor-porations and the wealthiest individ-uals through their tax scam, Repub-licans are now penalizing the most vul-nerable among us by cutting one of the most proven and valuable programs that ensures that kids, seniors, and working Americans don’t go hungry. If my Republican colleagues looked at the facts, they would see that SNAP—or food stamps—actually work. They would see that a worker is more likely to keep a job if they can put food 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.081 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4051 May 16, 2018 
on the table and at the same time af-ford to commute to and from work; that a child is likely to do better in school if they have a full stomach to start the school day with; that calling struggling Americans complacent and lazy doesn’t help America’s poverty crisis, but programs like SNAP do help. If they could see all that, then we wouldn’t be here debating a partisan bill that is bad for families, bad for farmers, and bad for our country. Mr. Chairman, the problem isn’t food stamp recipients. The problem isn’t food stamps. The problem is those who claim they want to help American fam-ilies, and then do everything in their power to hurt them by passing this par-tisan bill. I will not vote for it. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), who is a valued member of the committee. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Only two times each decade do we in Congress have the privilege to effect productive, meaningful change for America’s farmers and ranchers—those same citizens who help feed and clothe the entire world. Let us not forget that America’s farmers and ranchers make up only 1 percent of our Nation’s population, yet they make sure that dinner tables across the country have food on them. In fact, one farm feeds 165 people in the U.S. and abroad. As such, U.S. farm policy is now a target due to its own success. Politically driven think tanks and antifarmer groups believe that there is no longer a point to have a farm policy in the United States. They fail to real-ize that America’s farmers and ranch-ers do business with foreign competi-tors who do not share the free market values our country adopted at its founding, placing them at a disadvan-tage; therefore, we have to properly equip our producers to compete with countries that directly subsidize and own the means of production. It is, in-deed, an issue of national security. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman from Florida an additional 15 seconds. Mr. YOHO. Support this farm bill. Defeat all antifarmer amendments that hurt American farm families only to enrich multinational soda and candy makers for more profits. Let us ensure the farmers and ranchers of this great country continue to plant the seeds and raise the herds that secure our na-tional abundance, high quality, and least costly food prices in the world and support the bill. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I would like to remind my colleagues of the simple truth that process matters. If the process fails, the outcome fails. That is exactly what has happened with this farm bill. Instead of following regular order, as we have done in the past—and I was there personally to be a part of it and witness it—by taking this kind of legis-lation up through the subcommittees with open rules, giving all the members an opportunity to offer their amend-ments and their ideas and consider them and have the opportunity to write this bill through the subcommit-tees, instead, it has come from behind closed doors for the simple purpose of partisan positioning. In fact, members of the committee weren’t even allowed to see this bill for weeks leading up to the consideration, nor were stakeholders and affected par-ties given the opportunity to review and express their thoughts. The result is a missed opportunity and an aban-donment of a bipartisan, collaborative tradition that has worked so well for the farmers and the consumers in this country. It is a mean-spirited, bad bill—the result of a failed process—and it should be defeated. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ). Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, in my home State of Minnesota, agriculture is one of the primary drivers of our economy. Right now, farmers, ranch-ers, and agricultural workers across the country are looking to Congress for a strong farm bill that improves the farm safety net and brings certainty to producers in uncertain times because life on the farm isn’t what it used to be. Today, farmers are suffering some of the worst rates of suicide in the coun-try. General social isolation, downturn of the markets, low farm income, regu-latory strains, and a lack of treatment options all make it hard for farmers to get the help they need. That is why I introduced the STRESS Act to boost resources specifi-cally for farmers’ mental health. With the support of Chairman C
ONAWAY and the House Agriculture Committee, I am proud to see it included in this year’s farm bill. Our farmers who feed the world are feeling the weight of the world on their shoulders. It is time we get them the help and care they deserve. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ). Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Chairman, passing a farm bill that delivers a better deal to our growers could have and should have been a bipartisan process. But when Democrats arrived ready to work, the doors were shackled shut. Instead of coming together to help our pro-ducers struggling with a downturn in the agricultural economy, this hyperpartisan bill hurts everyone from pasture to plate. It cuts $23 billion from a program that feeds children, seniors, and vet-erans in addition to eliminating man-datory funding for rural development programs which are proven job creators in rural America. This bill also strips farmers, who are facing tightening market conditions, of crop insurance options. This ‘‘harm’’ bill is another step in the wrong direction for rural America. At a time when farmers are already feeling the pain of President Trump’s impulsive trade war and Secretary Pru-itt’s attack on ethanol, I urge my col-leagues: abandon this ‘‘harm’’ bill and work together on a farm bill that will strengthen rural America. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time remains on each side. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 143⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Minnesota has 18 min-utes remaining. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2, the Agri-culture and Nutrition Act of 2018. I have the great honor of rep-resenting Georgia’s 12th District where agriculture is the number one industry. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, my colleagues and I have worked diligently to craft a farm bill that works for our farmers and pro-vides them the ability to provide a safe, secure, and economic food supply to this Nation. H.R. 2 improves the current farm safety net structure and offers farmers the choice between PLC and ARC for each covered commodity under title I to combat the downturn in the farm economy. It also makes strides in get-ting Americans back to work by help-ing those on Supplemental Nutrition Assistance. I am the son of a farmer. I spent 35 years in the business community cre-ating jobs. The greatest joy of my life is to give folks the dignity and respect they deserve to have a good job. How could we deny folks this oppor-tunity? This bill gives them that oppor-tunity. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ for this important bill. Our farmers and our people need us. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), who is the rank-ing member of the Education and Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, there is a lot wrong with this bill, but as ranking member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force, I am particularly concerned about its impact on students. SNAP eligibility is tied to eligibility for other vital Federal programs, so the proposed cuts in SNAP eligibility will also cut access to free school meals for 265,000 children. b1730 Research has consistently shown that students struggling with hunger have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.084 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4052 May 16, 2018 
lower grades, are less able to focus, and more likely to miss school. This bill would undermine the ability of hun-dreds of thousands of students to reach their full potential by cutting SNAP benefits for the family and reducing school benefits for children. In the wake of a $1.5 trillion tax cut for corporations in the top 1 percent, it is a shameful statement of priorities when you try to pay for these tax cuts by reducing food assistance programs for low-income students. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY). Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my strongest support for H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018, commonly known as the farm bill. I am proud to serve Alabama’s Sec-ond District, where agriculture is the largest employer, responsible for more than 93,000 jobs and more than $11 bil-lion in economic impact. So, Mr. Chair, I know how critically important it is that Congress deliver agricultural policy that actually works for the farmers throughout Alabama, and our country, and makes their im-portant work easier, not harder. That is why I am proud the new farm bill addresses many of the challenges farmers face every day, including streamlining and reducing burdensome Federal pesticide regulations, creating a program to address our Nation’s feral hog problem, and strengthening the ex-isting crop insurance program. In addition to this, the new farm bill makes several needed improvements to our country’s nutrition assistance pro-gram by implementing strict work re-quirements and closing loopholes that allow for abuses of the system. I am proud that the new farm bill maintains vital nutrition for our most vulnerable Americans when they truly need it, while making a commitment to helping these individuals improve their circumstances. I support the legislation. Mr. Chair, I have always believed that we should incentivize able-bodied Americans to work instead of encourage them to remain de-pendent on the government, so I’m proud that the new farm bill reflects our conservative principles. I am pleased that this legislation provides a commitment to our nation’s farmers while tak-ing important steps towards reforming our food stamps program. I will continue to advocate for policies that give fair treatment to our Alabama commod-ities like cotton, peanuts, timber, poultry, soy-beans, and catfish. I’m eager to cast my vote in favor of the new farm bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ). Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2 and to express my profound dis-appointment in the process that has led us to where we are today. As the first New Hampshire Rep-resentative to serve on the Agriculture Committee in decades, I am humbled by the responsibility to fight for New Hampshire’s small family farms. When we last considered the farm bill in 2014, I supported the legislation be-cause, while not perfect, that bill pro-vided long-term certitude to our Na-tion’s farmers and represented a com-promise between Republicans and Democrats. The farm bill has always been a bi-partisan piece of legislation, but the bill we vote on this week represents a complete departure from that bipar-tisan process. Democrats were pushed away from the negotiating table by an extreme ideological agenda that would increase food insecurity for millions of Americans, slash mandatory spending on critical rural development and con-servation programs, and lead to 265,000 children losing access to free and re-duced school lunch. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT), the chair-man of the Subcommittee on Com-modity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to urge support for H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutri-tion Act of 2018, also known as the farm bill. Rural America needs our support. Farm income has fallen approximately 50 percent since 2013. That is one of the steepest drops since the Great Depres-sion. The costs of production have steadily declined, while commodity prices have fallen. Unfair trade prac-tices, like the dumping of specialty crops into our markets from Mexico, are hurting our U.S. producers. The digital divide caused by inadequate or a lack of broadband services has held back innovation, job growth, and edu-cation in rural America. Crises like the opioid epidemic have stricken rural communities across America, just as it has our cities. Mr. Chairman, the farm bill address-es all of these challenges while also taking the first major step in this Con-gress toward the President’s vision of meaningful welfare reform. This is our opportunity to provide the needed cer-tainty and support for our farmers and producers, while also providing com-monsense reforms that will support the President’s agenda of achieving pros-perity in our rural communities. Pass-ing a strong farm bill on time is key to this goal. I ask that my colleagues join me in supporting this important piece of leg-islation and oppose those amendments that will hamper its ability to aid rural America and keep our producers feed-ing not only America, but the world. This bill provides certainty to one of America’s largest job sectors, while also standing for our conservative prin-ciples. Mr. Chair, I ask that my colleagues join me in support of H.R. 2, the Agri-culture and Nutrition Act of 2018, the farm bill. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), the ranking member of the Natural Resources Com-mittee. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I oppose the farm bill. It would hurt low- and middle-income families, take breakfast and lunch from children across this country, and fail hardworking farmers. It also undermines one of the Na-tion’s most successful and popular con-servation laws, the Endangered Species Act, by removing the requirement for EPA to consult with expert wildlife agencies on the impact of pesticides to imperiled wildlife. Pesticides are known to have been the cause of the dramatic decline of many species and a threat to public health. It should not be dispensed with in this legislation. The provisions in this legislation that are anti-environment, anti-public health, anti-nutrition, and anti-work-ing families are cause for opposition. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ), the chair-man of the General Farm Commodities and Risk Management Subcommittee. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this issue. Let me start by saying that it is not very often that we talk about agri-culture in the context of national secu-rity. I believe it is next week we are going to be taking up the NDAA reau-thorization. While that is very impor-tant to our national security, I think it is equally important to consider how vital our agriculture producers are to our national security. A country that can’t feed itself is a country that is not secure. It is inviting danger and peril. All you have to do is look around the globe and see those nations that are in that situation. Most notably in our hemisphere, Venezuela can’t feed themselves. You can see the turmoil that has ensued as a result. But there are other countries around the world. One of the big ones that we don’t talk about very often and, quite frankly, we should, and that is China can’t feed themselves. They have 1.4 billion people. What we should be doing is taking every effort during this debate to thank farmers across the country for what they do and for the security they provide to this Nation, recognizing that, without them, the nutrition pro-grams that we are fighting over couldn’t exist. Let’s get a little different perspec-tive, if we can, and recognize that, first and foremost, we have got to have the food produced, not only to provide a level of security in this Nation, but to be able to feed the 300 million-plus that call this country home. Second, we have to be about trying to secure that food source and making sure that farmers are in a competitive marketplace that gives them equal op-portunities to sell their commodities. Certainly, the nutrition part of this is paramount. But I think most Ameri-cans across the country—and I think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.086 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4053 May 16, 2018 
there are polls that bear this out— some 75 percent of Americans say, yes, we probably should encourage folks to work and/or get educated as a compo-nent of receiving nutrition benefits. That is all we are saying. We are not trying to compromise anyone’s nutri-tion or threaten a single calorie. One thing I think we need to clarify, too, is the Agriculture Committee has no jurisdiction over school nutrition programs. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I just remind the gentleman that the nu-trition program is permanently author-ized. It doesn’t even need to be in this bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ). Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise today to voice my strong opposition to the 2018 Repub-lican farm bill. As a member of the House Committee on Agriculture, I have participated in countless hearings about the needs of our Nation’s farmers and families that depend on SNAP to fight hunger. Tragically, this bill doesn’t reflect any of that testimony. It is a short-sighted, partisan bill that will have a detrimental impact on communities like mine. I cannot support it. In my home county of Mecklenburg, North Carolina, more than 55,000 households depend on SNAP to eat every day. This bill would rob them of access to quality nutrition programs. In North Carolina, it is estimated that more than 133,000 people will lose their SNAP benefits if this bill passes, in-cluding over 51,000 children. Nation-wide, 2 million people would be kicked off the program and an estimated 265,000 children would lose access to free or reduced meals at school. No eat-ing at home. No eating at school. Adding new work requirements through an unfunded, untested man-date will bankrupt States and force more needy people out of the program. Let’s scrap this flawed partisan farm bill and let’s work together in regular order to draft a bill that helps Amer-ica’s farmers and families who depend on nutrition assistance. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, opposing H.R. 2 be-cause of the detrimental effects and impact that it will have on our chil-dren and families there. 
MECKLENBURG COUNTY , Charlotte, North Carolina, April 17, 2018. Congresswoman A
LMAADAMS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSWOMAN ALMA ADAMS : As you mark-up of the Farm Bill reauthoriza-tion, H.R. 2 this week, I write to you in sup-port of the Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program (SNAP) funding, formerly known as Food Stamps, which has histori-cally made up a significant part of this legis-lation. This vital program offers nutrition assistance to millions of eligible, low-income individuals and families and provides eco-nomic benefits to communities. In total, more than 40 million low-income people de-pend upon this program to keep their fami-lies fed. The Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 (H.R. 2) is the legislative vehicle for reau-thorizing and reforming the programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023. The last enacted Farm Bill (PL 113–79) is set to expire on September 30. The proposed reauthorization bill is scheduled for markup with the House Agriculture Com-mittee this Wednesday, April 18. It contains several provisions and budget cuts that are troubling and could detrimentally impact our community. The bill includes provisions that expand work requirements and punish the least for-tunate members of our community who are often times unable to find employment. Spe-cifically, the bill makes it mandatory that recipients of SNAP, who are able-bodied adults, ages 18 to 59, are either employed or are participating in state-run employment or job-training programs. Participants could be denied benefits for not meeting the new work requirements. The first suspension of bene-fits would be for 12 months, while a second suspension of benefits would be up to 36 months. Under current law, the SNAP pro-gram already has work requirements for able-bodied adults aged 18 to 49. Addition-ally, the new Farm Bill would include spend-ing cuts, which would make fewer people eli-gible for benefits and directly harm working- poor families. Mecklenburg County has real concern that these proposed changes in H.R. 2 would negatively impact some of our poor-est citizens and cause serious difficulties for our community’s most vulnerable popu-lations. Mecklenburg has 55,472 households that rely on SNAP to help provide sustenance. The County also has specific concerns with language in H.R. 2 that reduces spending by $5 billion over 10 years through the ending of a broad-based categorical eligibility that al-lows states to consider working poor bene-ficiaries with higher incomes that put them above 130 percent of the federal poverty level. We look forward to working with you on this important effort. Please feel free to con-tact me if you have any questions. Sincerely, DENAR. D IORIO , Mecklenburg County Manager. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining on each side. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 9 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Minnesota has 13
1⁄4 minutes remaining. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ), a member of the committee. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise to express my strong opposition to H.R. 2. Some may call this a farm bill, but for my district, this is a ‘‘harm’’ bill. Unfortunately, this year’s farm bill is deeply flawed. This bill lacks a sig-nificant commitment to the needs of rural communities, with no guaranteed funding for the rural development title. It is unclear to me how members of the committee say they understand the need of investment in rural America, but decided to cut $517 million from rural development programs. As we work to help communities build stronger economies, we must en-sure that we have a plan in place that lends a helping hand to those who need it. In Arizona, this bill will take food out of the mouths of tens of thousands of children and veterans. It is a sad day in America when we are debating a pro-posal that would make children go hungry. I hope for a robust debate on how we could promote rural economic develop-ment and how to improve the business climate for rural communities and work to address resource concerns by improving conservation programs like EQIP. Sadly, this bill was written in a back room and kept secret until the last possible moment. We owe the Amer-ican people something better. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, but also for his tremendous leadership on this bill and so many other issues. I rise in strong opposition to this dis-astrous farm bill. This bill cuts the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program by $23 billion, taking food out of the mouths of 2 million Americans. Over 265,000 children will lose benefits. Why in the world do congressional Republicans want more Americans to go hungry? This is immoral and it is wrong. These so-called work requirements won’t help anyone work. They punish struggling families who are not getting enough hours at work or decent wages to help feed their families. Nutrition assistance helps 40 million people put food on the table. More than 80 percent of SNAP households work the year before or after receiving aid. The majority of people receiving SNAP benefits are children, disabled, and sen-iors. When I was young, I was a single mom raising two little boys. I relied on food stamps to help my family during a very difficult time in my life. It was a bridge over troubled waters. I want families to have this bridge over trou-bled waters now. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I would like to clarify the R
ECORD . Of the 265,000 children that have been mentioned a couple of times, 95 percent of them would in fact maintain access to reduced lunch prices because their families make too much money to qualify for the free lunch, but 5 percent of that 265,000 would in fact maintain the free lunch program as it currently exists. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OD-
NEY DAVIS), chairman of the Sub-committee on Biotechnology, Horti-culture, and Research. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.088 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4054 May 16, 2018 
b1745 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I have a district that relies on a strong farm bill. Illinois is a lead-ing producer of soybeans, corn, and swine. Our economy relies on a farm bill that supports agriculture. Al-though we all eat, I realize there are many districts whose Members may not be as enthusiastic as I am about the farm bill. That is why there is something in this bill for every dis-trict. For those concerned about the def-icit, I have good news. The last farm bill was the single largest cut in man-datory spending that we made in the entire 113th Congress. We built on these sound policy reforms in this bill. If you are a Member who wants to ad-dress the cycle of poverty that too many of our constituents are trapped in, this bill is for you. H.R. 2 reforms the system and invests historic amounts in workforce training. Despite our growing economy, we have 9 million more people on SNAP today than we did at the height of the recession when jobs were scarce and unemployment was in the double dig-its. This isn’t progress. This isn’t help-ing to end the cycle of poverty. In my home State of Illinois, 67 per-cent of work-capable adults on SNAP are without work. A long recession left Americans disheartened, people drop-ping out of the labor force because they lost their job and, after months and months of searching, couldn’t find an-other one. H.R. 2 makes investments to give many of those same people hope in finding a job again. Four years ago I was a freshman, and the farm bill was my first opportunity to be part of a conference committee and see firsthand our democracy at work, Democrats and Republicans spar-ring over policy differences. But at least there was a debate. I am incred-ibly disappointed by my friends on the other side of the aisle who didn’t offer any amendments in committee. Work requirements are not new. They were done in 1996 by a Repub-lican-led Congress and Democratic President during a similar time of eco-nomic growth. When do the politics end and the seri-ous policy discussions begin? Let’s put politics aside, pass this im-portant bill for our farmers, for our taxpayers, and for too many Americans trapped in poverty. Let’s show the American people we can govern to-gether. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the leader of the Democratic Caucus. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I espe-cially thank him for his exceptional leadership over the years to honor the historic collaboration that has always existed in our country between urban and rural America that is in all of our interests that our farm countries suc-ceed, and that is in all of our interests that the American people are not food insecure. So I thank you, Mr. Ranking Member, for your outstanding leader-ship on behalf of America’s farmers and hungry families. Mr. Chair, this bill is just a mystery to me because we have tried so hard over the years to work in a bipartisan way, to come together to write a farm bill that does honor that historic col-laboration—urban, rural—meeting the nutritional needs of the American peo-ple, and encouraging the economic growth in farm country. This legisla-tion does not do that, and I have some questions as to why. Some of the questions came to mind last week when I was on a farm in Iowa listening to hardworking men and women talk about their challenges with this farm bill: that it does not bolster or preserve the farmer safety net; that the bill reduces investments in agriculture research, conservation, and rural development; and that it cuts nutrition assistance that so many there, even in farm country, and in our country rely upon. When I was in Iowa, as I said, last week, I had the privilege of meeting a wonderful woman named Julia Slocum. Julia works two jobs. She is a third- generation farmer and a part-time li-brarian. Over the years, she has relied on the lifeline of SNAP to put food on the table during difficult times, a farmer relying on SNAP to put food on the table. I challenge House Republicans to ex-plain to Julia why they are abandoning hardworking people like her, aban-doning her twice by gutting the farmer safety net and by cutting SNAP. This bad bill steals food off the tables of children, seniors, students. 1.5 mil-lion of our veterans rely on the nutri-tion provision of this bill. It is not just our veterans. That would be reason alone to be concerned, 1.5 million. But 23,000 of the families of Active-Duty servicemembers need to have food stamps because they are food insecure—and they are hurt by this legislation—individuals with disabil-ities, working families, our seniors, students, children. Children. Democrats have always supported work initiatives for those who can work. Let’s be clear: This is not a jobs bill. SNAP returns money to farmers, to our economy, and to the Treasury, creating $1.79 for every $1 in benefits, and supports more than 560,000 jobs across the country, including 50,000 in agriculture. Republicans are contending that they are investing in jobs. They are not in-vesting in jobs. They are creating a bu-reaucracy and ignoring initiatives al-ready in place to measure what really works in relating food to jobs. And they are wasting billions on new bu-reaucracies that would take decades to implement and that would increase hunger and poverty across the country. It is no wonder that so many faith- based groups across the country view this bill as one that does not reflect the values of America. Again and again, Republicans try to ransack the lifelines of working families to pay for handouts and to enrich the already wealthy. This bill abandons America’s farmers when they are in a tough spot. The farm economy is struggling. As you know, farm prices are plummeting. More and more families are in danger of losing the farm, and that was before the Trump tariffs invited retaliation from China. Yet Republicans are cre-ating a self-inflicted crisis farming communities can’t afford and they can’t control. I challenge House Republicans to ex-plain to farmers and ranchers why they propose a bill that weakens the farmer safety net when we should be pro-tecting family farmers—soybean, corn, wheat, pork, and specialty crop grow-ers—from self-inflicted damage of Trump’s trade brinkmanship. Explain why this bill slashes hun-dreds of millions from rural develop-ment initiatives, cuts small business loan guarantees, and adds new layers of bureaucracy to high-speed broadband grants when we should be investing in self-sufficiency for small towns. Explain, my Republican colleagues, why this bill eliminates funding for on- farm energy initiatives and biofuels when we should be embracing the American farmer’s role in making America sustainable and energy inde-pendent. Explain, my colleagues, why this bill creates new loopholes for millionaires, multimillionaires, and billionaires to receive farm subsidies when we should be investing in the next generation of farmers and ranchers. For the sake of our children, fami-lies, and hardworking Americans such as Julia, for our veterans, for our serv-icemen and -women, Americans with disabilities, we must return to the table and craft a balanced, robust, bi-partisan farm bill as we have done in the past and the distinguished chair-man of the Committee on Agriculture knows is possible. We must return to the historic, dec-ades-long bipartisan solution that weds our farmers and our hungry families together. Republicans must put aside politics and honor our responsibilities to 16 million men and women of agri-culture and the nearly 41 million Americans who are food insecure. That is why I urge a ‘‘no’’ on this dangerous bill. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P ANETTA ). Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Chair, as I have told you, it is an absolute honor to serve on the Committee on Agri-culture, under the leadership of the chairman as well as the ranking mem-ber. There is no doubt about that. But I mainly say that based on the work that this committee does, the work that this committee does to serve those in agriculture and what that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.090 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4055 May 16, 2018 
service can do for the backbone indus-try of our country. However, as a Representative on this committee and as a Representative of the salad bowl of the world on the cen-tral coast of California, my country and, yes, my community expected more out of this farm bill. Look, in my area, with its flour-ishing specialty crop industry, we wanted more funding for the specialty crop research initiative. Because of our specialty crops, we have a labor short-age because of the people who are need-ed to pick those crops. Therefore, we needed stronger language in the bill for mechanization to help with our labor issues and to bridge that gap from the Salinas Valley into the Silicon Valley. With our burgeoning organic indus-try, we needed more funding and less cuts for the Organic Certification Cost Share Program so that we can properly invest in beginning producers. In addition to this, the majority is trying to implement an untested and unproven change to title IV of the SNAP provision. Such a change threat-ens to remove over a million people from the program and deeply affects the 74,000 people who are recipients of SNAP living and working in my com-munity. We can do better by our farmers. We can do better by the families across our country by getting back to our bipar-tisan roots. That is how we help our ag-riculture. That is how we help our country. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 2, the Agri-culture and Nutrition Act of 2018. In-cluded in this great bill are two bills I introduced: the WATER Act and the STRESS Act, which was introduced with other colleagues as well. The WATER Act improves water quality by easing access to the Con-servation Innovation Grant program and reducing red tape. Iowans expect and deserve clean water, and this bill will help do that. The STRESS Act will help address the farmer suicide crisis gripping our Nation. By opening the Farm and Ranch Stress Assistance Network, farmers facing tough times can get the help that they need. Our farmers feed, fuel, and sustain the world. It is only right we take steps to help them. I was also pleased—and I thank the chairman—that in the farm bill there are positive steps to address the food waste that is out there in our country. Our country wastes 40 percent of our food supply. As a cofounder of the Food Waste Caucus, I am committed to re-ducing food waste to combat hunger, as well as are many of my colleagues. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman C
ON-
AWAY as well for his leadership by put-ting in the bill the Food Loss and Waste Reduction Liaison at the USDA so we can take another step to reduce food waste by 50 percent by 2030. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, may I in-quire how much time we have on our side. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 91⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 5
1⁄2min-utes remaining. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Delaware (Ms. B
LUNT  R
OCHESTER ). Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Chair-man, it is with deep disappointment that I stand in opposition to the par-tisan farm bill. I joined the House Com-mittee on Agriculture because of its reputation of being bipartisan. I rep-resent an entire State—urban, rural, and suburban. The farm bill is vital. That is why I was so disappointed to see this breakdown. The goal of creating a thriving econ-omy and moving people out of poverty is a goal we all share, and throughout my career I have worked to connect people with jobs. As Delaware’s former secretary of labor and deputy secretary of health and social services, I have overseen both workforce development and economic safety net programs. I believe in work. We believe in work. However, the majority’s proposal would essentially force individuals off SNAP to pay for an unproven, untest-ed, severely underfunded program. What happens if your child gets sick or your car breaks down? Should that mean you and your child go hungry for up to a year if you are sanctioned? What makes this even more troubling is that the 10 pilot programs designed to give us best practices in providing employment and training services to SNAP recipients, one of which is in my home State of Delaware, have not been completed or evaluated and won’t be until at least 2019. Why are we putting the cart before the horse? If the majority is really con-cerned with getting the policy right, why not wait until we have the evi-dence and the data to make good use of taxpayer dollars? To understand the impact on Dela-ware, I traveled across my State and met with farmers, emergency food pro-viders, supermarket owners, and State agencies. But the conversation that surprised me the most was one I had recently with a father. He shared how, years ago, SNAP and public housing al-lowed him and his wife to raise three healthy daughters. Because of support, he was the first in his family to grad-uate from high school and college and, ultimately, to move out of poverty. He paid that debt back in multiple ways through service. He went on to become a social worker, a school ad-ministrator, and, subsequently, was elected city council president. The value of service was then passed down. One daughter went to work in the White House and is now a professor of social work at Rutgers University. The second daughter became an engi-neer and worked for the U.S. Army, protecting our troops. And his oldest daughter grew up to be a Congress-woman. That dad is my dad. Colleagues, we still have a chance to go back to the drawing board. The hopes, the dreams, the aspirations of 42 million people are in our hands. Let’s not let them down. b1800 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ), the former chairman of the committee. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, it is hard to believe, but almost 5 years ago, C
OLLIN , MIKE, we were on the floor of this very Chamber when we took up the previous farm bill, a farm bill that was well crafted and well intended. And on that day, if you remember, folks of good principle on both extremes of the perspective together managed to bring the bill down. Now, why do I bring that up? Because I simply want to remind all my col-leagues, no farm bill is ever simple. They are all hard. Circumstances change from cycle to cycle, crop to crop, but it is always hard to do a farm bill. So why are we here? Why do we keep going through this process? Because, ultimately, we need to pass a com-prehensive piece of legislation that will make sure we have the ability to raise the food and fiber that our neighbors need; that we can sell into the world markets to meet their needs; and, yes, that we provide the ability, through this same piece of legislation, so that our neighbors, who, through tough times, through, most often, cir-cumstances beyond their control, have the ability to access enough of that food to meet their needs. So, yes, we have to have a farm bill. We have to have a farm bill. I would say to all my colleagues, this is a step in the long march to ultimately cre-ating a final document that involves the other body and requires a signature by the Chief Executive of this country. Let’s debate and argue and fight out amendments tonight and tomorrow and the next day. Let’s avoid what hap-pened 5 years ago by doing things that would try to kill the process. Let’s keep the process moving forward. Let’s refine. Let’s perfect. Let’s pass a com-prehensive farm bill so the people who feed and clothe us have the ability to do it, so those who need help in receiv-ing the resources they need have the ability to do it. We have no less option: Good faith. Do what you need to do, but let’s get it done. There are people depending on us everywhere and around the world today. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, as I spoke earlier on the drawbacks of H.R. 2, I may not have mentioned, before I reserved, that I am very frustrated by the breakdown in this process that has got us to where we are. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.091 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4056 May 16, 2018 
Now, Mr. L UCAS is right, we do have to have a farm bill, but let’s under-stand what we need to do that actually is required. Title 1 needs a farm bill. Title 2 needs a farm bill. Other titles need a farm bill because they are only authorized for 5 years. SNAP is permanently authorized. If we didn’t do anything, SNAP would go on like it is. Crop insurance is perma-nently authorized. If we didn’t do any-thing, crop insurance would go on just like it is. So the part of the bill that we are worried about are these other parts that will expire on the end of September 30. Now, what happens if we don’t get it done? We go back to permanent law. Some of my constituents think that is a good idea because it goes back to 100 percent of parity. Most people in Amer-ica probably know what I am talking about when I talk about 100 percent of parity, but a lot of old timers in my district know very much what that is. And, you know, it is $9 corn. They would love to have $9 corn. So the permanent law is not an op-tion. So we need to get something done. But my point is that we don’t need to do some of the things that we are doing in these areas that are not required to do anything because they are permanently authorized. So, as I speak today, you know, I re-fused to give legitimacy to what has been, in my view, an illegitimate proc-ess. The chairman said we tried to work on a bipartisan basis. You know, we didn’t raise any issues at the time because he said he didn’t have any money and we were going along with the system. And that is till we got into the situation where this SNAP stuff came forward, you know, and I told you this was not going to fly in our caucus. And you can see over here the feelings that you have engendered with this proposal, you know, and it is breaking apart what we have had here in this country for a long time. I have been here for four farm bills. I have been here as a member, as a chair-man, and as a ranking member. Now, as Frank said, each of these bills has had their share of headaches, and they have all, at the end of the day, though, had more common ground than opposi-tion. And in the end, the Agriculture Committee has always produced a product that we could be proud of be-cause we knew we delivered the best deal possible, given the circumstances that we were dealing with. We have always been able to work to-gether for the mutual benefit of farm-ers, rural advocates, and consumers. Prior to my time here, Senator Dole and McGovern carried the medal—Hu-bert Humphrey from my State, George Aiken before that. These weren’t ideologues, but they weren’t pushovers either. Each knew where their party stood. Each also knew the value mak-ing sure the length between people who grow the food and the people who buy food and make sure that that link was strong. So let me be as clear as I can be. In my opinion, breaking up that coalition, ruining a partnership that predates all of us is a huge mistake. More than that, the closed- and one-sided nature of this process that we have been through is something that I have to call out. It does not bode well for farm and food legislation to come. No party can do this alone. It is too big of a job. So, as ranking member on the House Agriculture Committee, I want you to know that I am willing to come back to the table but only when the majority has the ability to sit down and figure this out together. I was told on this SNAP stuff by the chairman that he could not negotiate it—it was nonnegotiable. That is what got us into this problem. So, when we get to the point where we can actually start talking about negotiation, I am willing to come back to the table and try to get back to a bipartisan situa-tion. Folks want to do welfare reform. I was there in 1996. I was part of the deal at that time. It should be done as a comprehensive review of all of the pro-grams, not just the farm bill. I just think it is a huge mistake for us to be trying to tell people that, somehow or another, putting work re-quirements and these other things into the farm bill is going to overhaul the welfare system. That is just not true. Most people don’t get enough money out of the Food Stamp program to make a difference one way or the other. It is not food stamps that are causing people to be on welfare. It is not food stamps that are causing peo-ple not to work, you know, and that is my big objection to this. It is just ideology run amuck, and it is screwing up the process here, and I hope that we don’t do so much damage that we can’t pull this back together at the end of the day and get this done. So I am going to vote against H.R. 2, and I urge all my colleagues to do as well, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I, too, am saddened by the loss of the bipartisan work that we have typically done on this committee. I have bragged about being one of the few bipartisan committees in Congress back home a lot, and it is sad. Just as the ranking member just said, that his side refused to negotiate any changes to SNAP, I simply said: Work requirements—strengthening the work requirements is going to have to be a part of what we do. And that was where we are with respect to that. What I heard over and over and over again on the other side is that the non- SNAP portions of the farm bill, while maybe less than they would like to have, are nevertheless essential and vital, and I am looking forward to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle working as diligently as they can to defeat all of those poison pill amend-ments that will have to be offered over the next several days so that we can maintain that safety net for produc-tion in agriculture that they need and deserve without the legislative history of a loss on this floor that is totally unnecessary. So I am hopeful that my colleagues over there will be a part of that. Mr. Chairman, the entire State of California is under a work waiver so that no one in California has to work to be able to stay on food stamps. That doesn’t make any sense to me when you have got an unemployment rate of 4 percent across this country. So some-thing has to change in that regard. What I have heard over and over, not only today but throughout this debate, is folks from the other side, they are full out, full throttle in favor of work requirements, couldn’t be more sup-portive of work requirements—just not these. Over and over and over, they are full out in favor. We have got a legislative history of all of my colleagues on the other side talking about how impor-tant it is for job training, for edu-cation, for getting folks the skills and tools they need to be able to have meaningful work—just not these. Got it. My ranking member had a letter from his folks that said not to nego-tiate on SNAP. I took him at his word on that in regard. It is disappointing that we have reached this point. But we are at that point. We now have a bill before us that does make meaningful reforms to the work re-quirements under food stamps, that does not touch the working poor. Folks who are willing to work 20 hours a week, no matter how long they are in that circumstance, we are going to be shoulder to shoulder with them to try to get the support they need. We are also trying to create a State- based State-run program in which the Federal taxpayer pays for work that the States can do on job training. There is no better spot to locate that than there because we cannot create a one-size-fits-all training program here in the United States House of Rep-resentatives. I trust our States to be able to do that. Those States have the capacity. They have the bandwidth to make that happen. Comments to the contrary are really misplaced. So, as we move forward through the rest of the debate, I would encourage my colleagues to join me in opposing all of those poison pill amendments that have been presented that would harm the non-SNAP portion of the farm bill and support the work that we have done so that, as my good col-league from Oklahoma just said, we can continue to move this process for-ward, understand what the Senate gets done, move to conference, and move a bill to the President’s desk by Sep-tember 30 so that farmers and ranchers across this country, who we are the most keen to support, have that cer-tainty of what the next 5-year support system looks like. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.093 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4057 May 16, 2018 
Right, wrong, or indifferent, they de-serve that kind of assurance, that kind of confidence that they will have the farm program to back them up and their bankers are supported in that re-gard as well. So I am asking my col-leagues to support H.R. 2 and fend off those poison pill amendments. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Passage of H.R. 5698; Passage of S. 2372; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROTECT AND SERVE ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 5698) to amend title 18, United States Code, to punish criminal offenses targeting law enforcement of-ficers, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 382, nays 35, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 188] YEAS—382 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—35 
Amash Barraga´n Bass Biggs Blumenauer Clarke (NY) Clay Davidson DeSaulnier Foster Frankel (FL) Garrett Gosar Grothman Hastings Jayapal Johnson, E. B. Jordan Lee Massie Moore Pallone Payne Perry Pocan Polis Sanford Schweikert Scott (VA) Smith (WA) Tonko Vela´zquez Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
NOT VOTING—10 
Beyer Brown (MD) DeGette Gabbard Gomez Labrador Richmond Rogers (KY) Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) 
b1835 Messrs. GARRETT, JORDAN, PERRY, HASTINGS, and GROTHMAN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. TAKANO and SIRES changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 188. 
f 
VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the passage of the bill (S. 2372) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial re-ceptacles for remains buried in Na-tional Parks, and for other purposes, on which further a recorded vote was ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A re-corded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 347, noes 70, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 189] AYES—347 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.094 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4058 May 16, 2018 
Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—70 
Adams Bass Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Capuano Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Cummings DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Evans Frankel (FL) Gallego Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Higgins (NY) Hoyer Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Khanna Larson (CT) Lee Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowey Maloney, Carolyn B. McCollum McGovern Meng Moore Nadler Norcross Pallone Payne Pelosi Peterson Pocan Price (NC) Roybal-Allard Rush Sa´nchez Schakowsky Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Smith (WA) Soto Titus Vela´zquez Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Beyer Brown (MD) Davis, Danny DeGette Gabbard Gomez Labrador Richmond Rogers (KY) Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1842 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. ENGEL changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE A COR-RECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF THE BILL S. 2372 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolu-tion and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: H. C ON. RES. 121 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill S. 2372, the Secretary of the Senate shall make the following correction: Amend the long title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to estab-lish a permanent community care program for veterans, to establish a commission for the purpose of making recommendations re-garding the modernization or realignment of facilities of the Veterans Health Administra-tion, to improve construction of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.’’. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 891 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2. Will the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS) kindly take the chair. b1846 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and con-tinuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes, with Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, all time for general debate pursuant to House Resolution 891 had expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Agriculture printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be consid-ered as read. The text of the committee amend-ment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definition of Secretary of Agriculture. TITLE I—COMMODITIES Subtitle A—Commodity Policy Sec. 1111. Definitions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.048 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4059 May 16, 2018 
Sec. 1112. Base acres. Sec. 1113. Payment yields. Sec. 1114. Payment acres. Sec. 1115. Producer election. Sec. 1116. Price loss coverage. Sec. 1117. Agriculture risk coverage. Sec. 1118. Producer agreements. Subtitle B—Marketing Loans Sec. 1201. Availability of nonrecourse marketing assistance loans for loan commod-ities. Sec. 1202. Loan rates for nonrecourse marketing assistance loans. Sec. 1203. Term of loans. Sec. 1204. Repayment of loans. Sec. 1205. Loan deficiency payments. Sec. 1206. Payments in lieu of loan deficiency payments for grazed acreage. Sec. 1207. Special marketing loan provisions for upland cotton. Sec. 1208. Special competitive provisions for extra long staple cotton. Sec. 1209. Availability of recourse loans. Sec. 1210. Adjustments of loans. Subtitle C—Sugar Sec. 1301. Sugar policy. Subtitle D—Dairy Risk Management Program and Other Dairy Programs Sec. 1401. Dairy risk management program for dairy producers. Sec. 1402. Class I skim milk price. Sec. 1403. Extension of dairy forward pricing program. Sec. 1404. Extension of dairy indemnity pro-gram. Sec. 1405. Extension of dairy promotion and re-search program. Sec. 1406. Repeal of dairy product donation program. Subtitle E—Supplemental Agricultural Disaster Assistance Programs Sec. 1501. Modification of supplemental agricul-tural disaster assistance. Subtitle F—Administration Sec. 1601. Administration generally. Sec. 1602. Suspension of permanent price sup-port authority. Sec. 1603. Payment limitations. Sec. 1604. Adjusted gross income limitation. Sec. 1605. Prevention of deceased individuals receiving payments under farm commodity programs. Sec. 1606. Assignment of payments. Sec. 1607. Tracking of benefits. Sec. 1608. Signature authority. Sec. 1609. Personal liability of producers for de-ficiencies. Sec. 1610. Implementation. Sec. 1611. Exemption from certain reporting re-quirements for certain producers. TITLE II—CONSERVATION Subtitle A—Wetland Conservation Sec. 2101. Program ineligibility. Sec. 2102. Minimal effect regulations. Subtitle B—Conservation Reserve Program Sec. 2201. Conservation reserve. Sec. 2202. Farmable wetland program. Sec. 2203. Duties of owners and operators. Sec. 2204. Duties of the Secretary. Sec. 2205. Payments. Sec. 2206. Contracts. Subtitle C—Environmental Quality Incentives Program Sec. 2301. Definitions. Sec. 2302. Establishment and administration. Sec. 2303. Limitation on payments. Sec. 2304. Conservation innovation grants and payments. Subtitle D—Other Conservation Programs Sec. 2401. Conservation of private grazing land. Sec. 2402. Grassroots source water protection program. Sec. 2403. Voluntary public access and habitat incentive program. Sec. 2404. Watershed protection and flood pre-vention. Sec. 2405. Feral swine eradication and control pilot program. Sec. 2406. Emergency conservation program. Subtitle E—Funding and Administration Sec. 2501. Commodity Credit Corporation. Sec. 2502. Delivery of technical assistance. Sec. 2503. Administrative requirements for con-servation programs. Sec. 2504. Establishment of State technical com-mittees. Subtitle F—Agricultural Conservation Easement Program Sec. 2601. Establishment and purposes. Sec. 2602. Definitions. Sec. 2603. Agricultural land easements. Sec. 2604. Wetland reserve easements. Sec. 2605. Administration. Subtitle G—Regional Conservation Partnership Program Sec. 2701. Definitions. Sec. 2702. Regional conservation partnerships. Sec. 2703. Assistance to producers. Sec. 2704. Funding. Sec. 2705. Administration. Sec. 2706. Critical conservation areas. Subtitle H—Repeals and Transitional Provisions; Technical Amendments Sec. 2801. Repeal of conservation security and conservation stewardship pro-grams. Sec. 2802. Repeal of terminal lakes assistance. Sec. 2803. Technical amendments. TITLE III—TRADE Subtitle A—Food for Peace Act Sec. 3001. Findings. Sec. 3002. Labeling requirements. Sec. 3003. Food aid quality assurance. Sec. 3004. Local sale and barter of commodities. Sec. 3005. Minimum levels of assistance. Sec. 3006. Extension of termination date of Food Aid Consultative Group. Sec. 3007. Issuance of regulations. Sec. 3008. Funding for program oversight, moni-toring, and evaluation. Sec. 3009. Assistance for stockpiling and rapid transportation, delivery, and dis-tribution of shelf-stable pre-packaged foods. Sec. 3010. Consideration of impact of provision of agricultural commodities and other assistance on local farmers and economy. Sec. 3011. Prepositioning of agricultural com-modities. Sec. 3012. Annual report regarding food aid programs and activities. Sec. 3013. Deadline for agreements to finance sales or to provide other assist-
ance. Sec. 3014. Minimum level of nonemergency food assistance. Sec. 3015. Termination date for micronutrient fortification programs. Sec. 3016. John Ogonowski and Doug Bereuter Farmer-to-Farmer Program. Subtitle B—Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 Sec. 3101. Findings. Sec. 3102. Consolidation of current programs as new International Market Devel-opment Program. Subtitle C—Other Agricultural Trade Laws Sec. 3201. Local and regional food aid procure-ment projects. Sec. 3202. Promotion of agricultural exports to emerging markets. Sec. 3203. Bill Emerson Humanitarian Trust Act. Sec. 3204. Food for Progress Act of 1985. Sec. 3205. McGovern-Dole International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program. Sec. 3206. Cochran fellowship program. Sec. 3207. Borlaug fellowship program. Sec. 3208. Global Crop Diversity Trust. Sec. 3209. Growing American Food Exports Act of 2018. TITLE IV—NUTRITION Subtitle A—Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Sec. 4001. Duplicative enrollment database. Sec. 4002. Retailer-funded incentives pilot. Sec. 4003. Gus Schumacher food insecurity nu-trition incentive program. Sec. 4004. Re-evaluation of thrifty food plan. Sec. 4005. Food distribution programs on Indian reservations. Sec. 4006. Update to categorical eligibility. Sec. 4007. Basic allowance for housing. Sec. 4008. Earned income deduction. Sec. 4009. Simplified homeless housing costs. Sec. 4010. Availability of standard utility allow-ances based on receipt of energy assistance. Sec. 4011. Child support; cooperation with child support agencies. Sec. 4012. Adjustment to asset limitations. Sec. 4013. Updated vehicle allowance. Sec. 4014. Savings excluded from assets. Sec. 4015. Workforce solutions. Sec. 4016. Modernization of electronic benefit transfer regulations. Sec. 4017. Mobile technologies. Sec. 4018. Processing fees. Sec. 4019. Replacement of EBT cards. Sec. 4020. Benefit recovery. Sec. 4021. Requirements for online acceptance of benefits. Sec. 4022. National gateway. Sec. 4023. Access to State systems. Sec. 4024. Transitional benefits. Sec. 4025. Incentivizing technology moderniza-tion. Sec. 4026. Supplemental nutrition assistance program benefit transfer trans-action data report. Sec. 4027. Adjustment to percentage of recov-ered funds retained by States. Sec. 4028. Tolerance level for payment errors. Sec. 4029. State performance indicators. Sec. 4030. Public-private partnerships. Sec. 4031. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 4032. Emergency food assistance. Sec. 4033. Nutrition education. Sec. 4034. Retail food store and recipient traf-ficking. Sec. 4035. Technical corrections. Sec. 4036. Implementation funds. Subtitle B—Commodity Distribution Programs Sec. 4101. Commodity distribution program. Sec. 4102. Commodity supplemental food pro-gram. Sec. 4103. Distribution of surplus commodities to special nutrition projects. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous Sec. 4201. Purchase of fresh fruits and vegeta-bles for distribution to schools and service institutions. Sec. 4202. Seniors farmers’ market nutrition program. Sec. 4203. Healthy food financing initiative. Sec. 4204. Amendments to the fruit and vege-table program. TITLE V—CREDIT Subtitle A—Farm Ownership Loans Sec. 5101. Modification of the 3-year experience eligibility requirement for farm ownership loans. Sec. 5102. Conservation loan and loan guar-antee program. Sec. 5103. Farm ownership loan limits. Subtitle B—Operating Loans Sec. 5201. Limitations on amount of operating loans. Sec. 5202. Microloans. Subtitle C—Administrative Provisions Sec. 5301. Beginning farmer and rancher indi-vidual development accounts pilot program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4060 May 16, 2018 
Sec. 5302. Loan authorization levels. Sec. 5303. Loan fund set-asides. Subtitle D—Technical Corrections to the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act Sec. 5401. Technical corrections to the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act. Subtitle E—Amendments to the Farm Credit Act of 1971 Sec. 5501. Elimination of obsolete references. Sec. 5502. Conforming repeals. Sec. 5503. Facility headquarters. Sec. 5504. Sharing privileged and confidential information. Sec. 5505. Scope of jurisdiction. Sec. 5506. Definition. Sec. 5507. Expansion of acreage exception to loan amount limitation. Sec. 5508. Compensation of bank directors. Sec. 5509. Prohibition on use of funds. Subtitle F—Miscellaneous Sec. 5601. State agricultural mediation pro-grams. Sec. 5602. Study on loan risk. TITLE VI—RURAL INFRASTRUCTURE AND ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT Subtitle A—Improving Health Outcomes in Rural Communities Sec. 6001. Prioritizing projects to meet health crises in rural America. Sec. 6002. Distance learning and telemedicine. Sec. 6003. Reauthorization of the Farm and Ranch Stress Assistance Network. Sec. 6004. Supporting agricultural association health plans. Subtitle B—Connecting Rural Americans to High Speed Broadband Sec. 6101. Establishing forward-looking broadband standards. Sec. 6102. Incentives for hard to reach commu-nities. Sec. 6103. Requiring guaranteed broadband lending. Sec. 6104. Smart utility authority for broadband. Sec. 6105. Modifications to the Rural Gigabit Program. Sec. 6106. Unified broadband reporting require-ments. Sec. 6107. Improving access by providing cer-tainty to broadband borrowers. Sec. 6108. Simplified application window. Sec. 6109. Elimination of requirement to give priority to certain applicants. Sec. 6110. Modification of buildout requirement. Sec. 6111. Improving borrower refinancing op-tions. Sec. 6112. Elimination of unnecessary reporting requirements. Sec. 6113. Access to broadband telecommuni-cations services in rural areas. Sec. 6114. Middle mile broadband infrastruc-ture. Sec. 6115. Outdated broadband systems. Sec. 6116. Effective date. Subtitle C—Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act Sec. 6201. Strengthening regional economic de-velopment incentives. Sec. 6202. Expanding access to credit for rural communities. Sec. 6203. Providing for additional fees for guaranteed loans. Sec. 6204. Water, waste disposal, and waste-water facility grants. Sec. 6205. Rural water and wastewater tech-nical assistance and training pro-grams. Sec. 6206. Rural water and wastewater circuit rider program. Sec. 6207. Tribal college and university essen-tial community facilities. Sec. 6208. Emergency and imminent community water assistance grant program. Sec. 6209. Water systems for rural and native villages in Alaska. Sec. 6210. Household water well systems. Sec. 6211. Solid waste management grants. Sec. 6212. Rural business development grants. Sec. 6213. Rural cooperative development grants. Sec. 6214. Locally or regionally produced agri-cultural food products. Sec. 6215. Appropriate technology transfer for rural areas program. Sec. 6216. Rural economic area partnership zones. Sec. 6217. Intermediary relending program. Sec. 6218. Exclusion of prison populations from definition of rural area. Sec. 6219. National Rural Development Partner-ship. Sec. 6220. Grants for NOAA weather radio transmitters. Sec. 6221. Rural microentrepreneur assistance program. Sec. 6222. Health care services. Sec. 6223. Delta Regional Authority. Sec. 6224. Northern Great Plains Regional Au-thority. Sec. 6225. Rural business investment program. Subtitle D—Rural Electrification Act of 1936 Sec. 6301. Guarantees for bonds and notes issued for electrification or tele-phone purposes. Sec. 6302. Expansion of 911 access. Sec. 6303. Improvements to the guaranteed un-derwriter program. Sec. 6304. Extension of the rural economic de-velopment loan and grant pro-
gram. Subtitle E—Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 Sec. 6401. Rural energy savings program. Sec. 6402. Biobased markets program. Sec. 6403. Biorefinery, renewable, chemical, and biobased product manufacturing assistance. Sec. 6404. Repowering assistance program. Sec. 6405. Bioenergy program for advanced biofuels. Sec. 6406. Biodiesel fuel education program. Sec. 6407. Rural Energy for America Program. Sec. 6408. Categorical exclusion for grants and financial assistance made under the Rural Energy for America Program. Sec. 6409. Rural Energy Self-Sufficiency Initia-tive. Sec. 6410. Feedstock flexibility. Sec. 6411. Biomass Crop Assistance Program. Subtitle F—Miscellaneous Sec. 6501. Value-added agricultural product market development grants. Sec. 6502. Agriculture innovation center dem-onstration program. Sec. 6503. Regional economic and infrastructure development commissions. Sec. 6504. Definition of rural area for purposes of the Housing Act of 1949. Subtitle G—Program Repeals Sec. 6601. Elimination of unfunded programs. Sec. 6602. Repeal of Rural Telephone Bank. Sec. 6603. Amendments to LOCAL TV Act. Subtitle H—Technical Corrections Sec. 6701. Corrections relating to the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act. Sec. 6702. Corrections relating to the Rural Electrification Act of 1936. TITLE VII—RESEARCH, EXTENSION, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 Sec. 7101. International agriculture research. Sec. 7102. Matters related to certain school des-ignations and declarations. Sec. 7103. National Agricultural Research, Ex-tension, Education, and Econom-ics Advisory Board. Sec. 7104. Specialty crop committee. Sec. 7105. Renewable energy committee discon-tinued. Sec. 7106. Report on allocations and matching funds for 1890 institutions. Sec. 7107. Grants and fellowships for food and agriculture sciences education. Sec. 7108. Agricultural and food policy research centers. Sec. 7109. Education grants to Alaska Native serving institutions and Native Hawaiian serving institutions. Sec. 7110. Repeal of nutrition education pro-gram. Sec. 7111. Continuing animal health and dis-ease research programs. Sec. 7112. Extension carryover at 1890 land- grant colleges, including Tuskegee University. Sec. 7113. Scholarships for students at 1890 in-stitutions. Sec. 7114. Grants to upgrade agricultural and food sciences facilities at 1890 land-grant colleges, including Tuskegee University. Sec. 7115. Grants to upgrade agriculture and food sciences facilities and equip-ment at insular area land-grant institutions. Sec. 7116. Hispanic-serving institutions. Sec. 7117. Land-grant designation. Sec. 7118. Competitive grants for international agricultural science and edu-cation programs. Sec. 7119. Limitation on indirect costs for agri-cultural research, education, and extension programs. Sec. 7120. Research equipment grants. Sec. 7121. University research. Sec. 7122. Extension service. Sec. 7123. Supplemental and alternative crops. Sec. 7124. Capacity building grants for NLGCA institutions. Sec. 7125. Aquaculture assistance programs. Sec. 7126. Rangeland research programs. Sec. 7127. Special authorization for biosecurity planning and response. Sec. 7128. Distance education and resident in-struction grants program for insu-lar area institutions of higher education. Sec. 7129. Removal of matching funds require-ment for certain grants. Subtitle B—Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 Sec. 7201. Best utilization of biological applica-tions. Sec. 7202. Integrated management systems. Sec. 7203. Sustainable agriculture technology development and transfer pro-gram. Sec. 7204. National training program. Sec. 7205. National Genetics Resources Pro-gram. Sec. 7206. National Agricultural Weather Infor-mation System. Sec. 7207. Agricultural genome to phenome ini-tiative. Sec. 7208. High-priority research and extension initiatives. Sec. 7209. Organic agriculture research and ex-tension initiative. Sec. 7210. Farm business management. Sec. 7211. Clarification of veteran eligibility for assistive technology program for farmers with disabilities. Sec. 7212. National Rural Information Center Clearinghouse. Subtitle C—Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 Sec. 7300. Ending limitation on funding under national food safety training, education, extension, outreach, and technical assistance program. Sec. 7301. National food safety training, edu-cation, extension, outreach, and 
technical assistance program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4061 May 16, 2018 
Sec. 7302. Integrated research, education, and extension competitive grants pro-gram. Sec. 7303. Support for research regarding dis-eases of wheat, triticale, and bar-ley caused by Fusarium graminearum or by Tilletia indica. Sec. 7304. Grants for youth organizations. Sec. 7305. Specialty crop research initiative. Sec. 7306. Food Animal Residue Avoidance Database program. Sec. 7307. Office of Pest Management Policy. Sec. 7308. Forestry products advanced utiliza-tion research. Subtitle D—Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 P
ARTI—A GRICULTURAL SECURITY  Sec. 7401. Agricultural biosecurity communica-tion center. Sec. 7402. Assistance to build local capacity in agricultural biosecurity planning, preparation, and response. Sec. 7403. Research and development of agricul-tural countermeasures. Sec. 7404. Agricultural biosecurity grant pro-gram. P
ARTII—M ISCELLANEOUS  Sec. 7411. Grazinglands research laboratory. Sec. 7412. Natural products research program. Sec. 7413. Sun grant program. Subtitle E—Amendments to Other Laws Sec. 7501. Critical Agricultural Materials Act. Sec. 7502. Equity in Educational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994. Sec. 7503. Research Facilities Act. Sec. 7504. Competitive, Special, and Facilities Research Grant Act. Sec. 7505. Renewable Resources Extension Act of 1978. Sec. 7506. National Aquaculture Act of 1980. Sec. 7507. Beginning farmer and rancher devel-opment program. Sec. 7508. Federal agriculture research facili-ties. Sec. 7509. Biomass research and development. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 7601. Enhanced use lease authority pro-gram. Sec. 7602. Functions and Duties of the Under Secretary. Sec. 7603. Reinstatement of District of Columbia matching requirement for certain land-grant university assistance. Sec. 7604. Farmland tenure, transition, and entry data initiative. Sec. 7605. Transfer of administrative jurisdic-tion, portion of Henry A. Wallace Beltsville Agricultural Research Center, Beltsville, Maryland. Sec. 7606. Simplified plan of work. Sec. 7607. Time and effort reporting exemption. Sec. 7608. Public education on biotechnology in food and agriculture sectors. TITLE VIII—FORESTRY Subtitle A—Reauthorization and Modification of Certain Forestry Programs Sec. 8101. Support for State assessments and strategies for forest resources. Sec. 8102. Forest legacy program. Sec. 8103. Community forest and open space conservation program. Sec. 8104. State and private forest landscape- scale restoration program. Sec. 8105. Rural revitalization technologies. Sec. 8106. Community wood energy and wood innovation program. Sec. 8107. Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 amendments. Sec. 8108. National Forest Foundation Act au-thorities. Subtitle B—Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 Amend-ments Sec. 8201. Use of reserved funds for title II projects on Federal land and cer-tain non-Federal land. Sec. 8202. Resource advisory committees. Sec. 8203. Program for title II self-sustaining re-source advisory committee projects. Subtitle C—Availability of Categorical Exclu-sions To Expedite Forest Management Activi-ties PARTI—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  Sec. 8301. Definitions. Sec. 8302. Rule of application for National For-est System lands and public lands. Sec. 8303. Consultation under the Endangered Species Act. Sec. 8304. Secretarial discretion in the case of two or more categorical exclu-sions. P
ARTII—C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS  Sec. 8311. Categorical exclusion to expedite cer-tain critical response actions. Sec. 8312. Categorical exclusion to expedite sal-vage operations in response to catastrophic events. Sec. 8313. Categorical exclusion to meet forest plan goals for early successional forests. Sec. 8314. Categorical exclusion for hazard trees. Sec. 8315. Categorical exclusion to improve or restore National Forest System lands or public land or reduce the risk of wildfire. Sec. 8316. Categorical exclusion for forest res-toration. Sec. 8317. Categorical exclusion for infrastruc-ture forest management activities. Sec. 8318. Categorical exclusion for developed recreation sites. Sec. 8319. Categorical exclusion for administra-tive sites. Sec. 8320. Categorical exclusion for special use authorizations. Sec. 8321. Clarification of existing categorical exclusion authority related to in-sect and disease infestation. P
ARTIII—M ISCELLANEOUS FOREST  M
ANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES  Sec. 8331. Good neighbor agreements. Sec. 8332. Promoting cross-boundary wildfire mitigation. Sec. 8333. Regulations regarding designation of dead or dying trees of certain tree species on National Forest System lands in California as exempt from prohibition on export of un-processed timber originating from Federal lands. Subtitle D—Tribal Forestry Participation and Protection Sec. 8401. Protection of Tribal forest assets through use of stewardship end result contracting and other au-thorities. Sec. 8402. Tribal forest management demonstra-tion project. Subtitle E—Other Matters Sec. 8501. Clarification of research and develop-ment program for wood building construction. Sec. 8502. Utility infrastructure rights-of-way vegetation management pilot pro-gram. Sec. 8503. Revision of extraordinary cir-cumstances regulations. Sec. 8504. No loss of funds for wildfire suppres-sion. Sec. 8505. Technical corrections. TITLE IX—HORTICULTURE Subtitle A—Horticulture Marketing and Information Sec. 9001. Specialty crops market news alloca-tion. Sec. 9002. Farmers’ Market and Local Food Promotion Program. Sec. 9003. Food safety education initiatives. Sec. 9004. Specialty crop block grants. Sec. 9005. Amendments to the Plant Variety Protection Act. Sec. 9006. Organic programs. Subtitle B—Regulatory Reform PARTI—S TATE LEADAGENCIES UNDER FEDERAL  I
NSECTICIDE , FUNGICIDE , ANDRODENTICIDE ACT Sec. 9101. Recognition and role of State lead agencies. P
ARTII—P ESTICIDE REGISTRATION AND USE Sec. 9111. Registration of pesticides. Sec. 9112. Experimental use permits. Sec. 9113. Administrative review; suspension. Sec. 9114. Unlawful acts. Sec. 9115. Authority of States. Sec. 9116. Regulations. Sec. 9117. Use of authorized pesticides. Sec. 9118. Discharges of pesticides. Sec. 9119. Enactment of Pesticide Registration Improvement Enhancement Act of 2017. P
ARTIII—A MENDMENTS TO THE PLANT P
ROTECTION ACT Sec. 9121. Methyl bromide. P
ARTIV—A MENDMENTS TO OTHER LAWS Sec. 9131. Definition of retail facilities. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 9201. Report on regulation of plant bio-stimulants. Sec. 9202. Pecan marketing orders. Sec. 9203. Report on honey and maple syrup. TITLE X—CROP INSURANCE Sec. 10001. Treatment of forage and grazing. Sec. 10002. Administrative basic fee. Sec. 10003. Prevention of duplicative coverage. Sec. 10004. Repeal of unused authority. Sec. 10005. Continued authority. Sec. 10006. Program administration. Sec. 10007. Maintenance of policies. Sec. 10008. Research and development priorities. Sec. 10009. Extension of funding for research and development. Sec. 10010. Education and risk management as-sistance. TITLE XI—MISCELLANEOUS Subtitle A—Livestock Sec. 11101. Animal Disease Preparedness and Response. Sec. 11102. National Aquatic Animal Health Plan. Sec. 11103. Veterinary training. Sec. 11104. Report on FSIS guidance and out-reach to small meat processors. Subtitle B—Beginning, Socially Disadvantaged, and Veteran Producers Sec. 11201. Outreach and assistance for socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers and veteran farmers and ranchers. Sec. 11202. Office of Partnerships and Public Engagement. Sec. 11203. Commission on Farm Transitions— Needs for 2050. Sec. 11204. Agricultural youth organization co-ordinator. Subtitle C—Textiles Sec. 11301. Repeal of Pima Agriculture Cotton Trust Fund. Sec. 11302. Repeal of Agriculture Wool Apparel Manufacturers Trust Fund. Sec. 11303. Repeal of wool research and pro-motion grants funding. Sec. 11304. Textile Trust Fund. Subtitle D—United States Grain Standards Act Sec. 11401. Restoring certain exceptions to United States Grain Standards Act. Subtitle E—Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program Sec. 11501. Eligible crops. Sec. 11502. Service fee. Sec. 11503. Payments equivalent to additional coverage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4062 May 16, 2018 
Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 11601. Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm Production and Conserva-tion. Sec. 11602. Authority of Secretary to carry out certain programs under Depart-ment of Agriculture Reorganiza-tion Act of 1994. Sec. 11603. Conference report requirement threshold. Sec. 11604. National agriculture imagery pro-gram. Sec. 11605. Report on inclusion of natural stone products in Commodity Pro-motion, Research, and Informa-tion Act of 1996. Sec. 11606. South Carolina inclusion in Vir-ginia/Carolina peanut producing region. Sec. 11607. Establishment of Food Loss and Waste Reduction Liaison. Sec. 11608. Cotton classification services. Sec. 11609. Century farms program. Sec. 11610. Report on agricultural innovation. Sec. 11611. Report on dog importation. Sec. 11612. Prohibition on slaughter of dogs and cats for human consumption. Subtitle G—Protecting Interstate Commerce Sec. 11701. Prohibition against interference by State and local governments with production or manufacture of items in other States. Sec. 11702. Federal cause of action to challenge State regulation of interstate com-merce. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF SECRETARY OF AGRI-CULTURE. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. TITLE I—COMMODITIES Subtitle A—Commodity Policy 
SEC. 1111. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle and subtitle B: (1) A
CTUAL CROP REVENUE .—The term ‘‘actual crop revenue’’, with respect to a covered com-modity for a crop year, means the amount deter-mined by the Secretary under section 1117(b). (2) A
GRICULTURE RISK COVERAGE .—The term ‘‘agriculture risk coverage’’ means coverage pro-vided under section 1117. (3) A
GRICULTURE RISK COVERAGE GUAR -
ANTEE .—The term ‘‘agriculture risk coverage guarantee’’, with respect to a covered com-modity for a crop year, means the amount deter-mined by the Secretary under section 1117(c). (4) B
ASE ACRES .—The term ‘‘base acres’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1111(4)(A) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9011(4)(A)), subject to any reallocation, adjust-ment, or reduction under section 1112. (5) C
OVERED COMMODITY .—The term ‘‘covered commodity’’ means wheat, oats, and barley (in-cluding wheat, oats, and barley used for haying and grazing), corn, grain sorghum, long grain rice, medium grain rice, pulse crops, soybeans, other oilseeds, seed cotton, and peanuts. (6) E
FFECTIVE PRICE .—The term ‘‘effective price’’, with respect to a covered commodity for a crop year, means the price calculated by the Secretary under section 1116(b) to determine whether price loss coverage payments are re-quired to be provided for that crop year. (7) E
FFECTIVE REFERENCE PRICE .—The term ‘‘effective reference price’’, with respect to a covered commodity for a crop year, means the lesser of the following: (A) An amount equal to 115 percent of the ref-erence price for such covered commodity. (B) An amount equal to the greater of— (i) the reference price for such covered com-modity; or (ii) 85 percent of the average of the marketing year average price of the covered commodity for the most recent 5 crop years, excluding each of the crop years with the highest and lowest mar-keting year average price. (8) EXTRA LONG STAPLE COTTON .—The term ‘‘extra long staple cotton’’ means cotton that— (A) is produced from pure strain varieties of the barbadense species or any hybrid of the spe-cies, or other similar types of extra long staple cotton, designated by the Secretary, having characteristics needed for various end uses for which United States upland cotton is not suit-able and grown in irrigated cotton-growing re-gions of the United States designated by the Secretary or other areas designated by the Sec-retary as suitable for the production of the vari-eties or types; and (B) is ginned on a roller-type gin or, if au-thorized by the Secretary, ginned on another type gin for experimental purposes. (9) M
ARKETING YEAR AVERAGE PRICE .—The term ‘‘marketing year average price’’ means the national average market price received by pro-ducers during the 12-month marketing year for a covered commodity, as determined by the Sec-retary. (10) M
EDIUM GRAIN RICE .—The term ‘‘medium grain rice’’ includes short grain rice and tem-perate japonica rice. (11) O
THER OILSEED .—The term ‘‘other oil-seed’’ means a crop of sunflower seed, rapeseed, canola, safflower, flaxseed, mustard seed, crambe, sesame seed, or any oilseed designated by the Secretary. (12) P
AYMENT ACRES .—The term ‘‘payment acres’’, with respect to the provision of price loss coverage payments and agriculture risk cov-erage payments, means the number of acres de-termined for a farm under section 1114. (13) P
AYMENT YIELD .—The term ‘‘payment yield’’, for a farm for a covered commodity— (A) means the yield used to make payments pursuant to section 1116 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9016); or (B) means the yield established under section 1113. (14) P
RICE LOSS COVERAGE .—The term ‘‘price loss coverage’’ means coverage provided under section 1116. (15) P
RODUCER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘producer’’ means an owner, operator, landlord, tenant, or share-cropper that shares in the risk of producing a crop and is entitled to share in the crop avail-able for marketing from the farm, or would have shared had the crop been produced. (B) H
YBRID SEED .—In determining whether a grower of hybrid seed is a producer, the Sec-retary shall— (i) not take into consideration the existence of a hybrid seed contract; and (ii) ensure that program requirements do not adversely affect the ability of the grower to re-ceive a payment under this title. (16) P
ULSE CROP .—The term ‘‘pulse crop’’ means dry peas, lentils, small chickpeas, and large chickpeas. (17) R
EFERENCE PRICE .—The term ‘‘reference price’’, with respect to a covered commodity for a crop year, means the following: (A) For wheat, $5.50 per bushel. (B) For corn, $3.70 per bushel. (C) For grain sorghum, $3.95 per bushel. (D) For barley, $4.95 per bushel. (E) For oats, $2.40 per bushel. (F) For long grain rice, $14.00 per hundred-weight. (G) For medium grain rice, $14.00 per hun-dredweight. (H) For soybeans, $8.40 per bushel. (I) For other oilseeds, $20.15 per hundred-weight. (J) For peanuts, $535.00 per ton. (K) For dry peas, $11.00 per hundredweight. (L) For lentils, $19.97 per hundredweight. (M) For small chickpeas, $19.04 per hundred-weight. (N) For large chickpeas, $21.54 per hundred-weight. (O) For seed cotton, $0.367 per pound. (18) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (19) SEED COTTON .—The term ‘‘seed cotton’’ means unginned upland cotton that includes both lint and seed. (20) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means— (A) a State; (B) the District of Columbia; (C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and (D) any other territory or possession of the United States. (21) T
EMPERATE JAPONICA RICE .—The term ‘‘temperate japonica rice’’ means rice that is grown in high altitudes or temperate regions of high latitudes with cooler climate conditions, in the Western United States, as determined by the Secretary, for the purpose of— (A) the establishment of a reference price (as required under section 1116(g)) and an effective price pursuant to section 1116; and (B) the determination of the actual crop rev-enue and agriculture risk coverage guarantee pursuant to section 1117. (22) T
RANSITIONAL YIELD .—The term ‘‘transi-tional yield’’ has the meaning given the term in section 502(b) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1502(b)). (23) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United States’’, when used in a geographical sense, means all of the States. (24) U
NITED STATES PREMIUM FACTOR .—The term ‘‘United States Premium Factor’’ means the percentage by which the difference in the United States loan schedule premiums for Strict Middling (SM) 1
1⁄8-inch upland cotton and for Middling (M) 1
3⁄32-inch upland cotton exceeds the difference in the applicable premiums for comparable international qualities. 
SEC. 1112. BASE ACRES. 
(a) A DJUSTMENT OF BASEACRES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide for an adjustment, as appropriate, in the base acres for covered commodities for a farm when-ever any of the following circumstances occur: (A) A conservation reserve contract entered into under section 1231 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831) with respect to the farm expires or is voluntarily terminated. (B) Cropland is released from coverage under a conservation reserve contract by the Sec-retary. (C) The producer has eligible oilseed acreage as the result of the Secretary designating addi-tional oilseeds, which shall be determined in the same manner as eligible oilseed acreage under section 1101(a)(1)(D) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8711(a)(1)(D)). (2) S
PECIAL CONSERVATION RESERVE ACREAGE  
PAYMENT RULES .—For the crop year in which a base acres adjustment under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) is first made, the owner of the farm shall elect to receive price loss cov-erage or agriculture risk coverage with respect to the acreage added to the farm under this sub-section or a prorated payment under the con-servation reserve contract, but not both. (b) P
REVENTION OF EXCESS BASEACRES.— (1) R
EQUIRED REDUCTION .—If the sum of the base acres for a farm and the acreage described in paragraph (2) exceeds the actual cropland acreage of the farm, the Secretary shall reduce the base acres for 1 or more covered commodities for the farm so that the sum of the base acres and the acreage described in paragraph (2) does not exceed the actual cropland acreage of the farm. (2) O
THER ACREAGE .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the Secretary shall include the fol-lowing: (A) Any acreage on the farm enrolled in the conservation reserve program or wetlands re-serve program (or successor programs) under title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). (B) Any other acreage on the farm enrolled in a Federal conservation program for which pay-ments are made in exchange for not producing an agricultural commodity on the acreage. (C) If the Secretary designates additional oil-seeds, any eligible oilseed acreage, which shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4063 May 16, 2018 
be determined in the same manner as eligible oil-seed acreage under subsection (a)(1)(C). (3) S
ELECTION OF ACRES .—The Secretary shall give the owner of the farm the opportunity to select the base acres for a covered commodity for the farm against which the reduction required by paragraph (1) will be made. (4) E
XCEPTION FOR DOUBLE -CROPPED ACRE -
AGE.—In applying paragraph (1), the Secretary shall make an exception in the case of double cropping, as determined by the Secretary. (c) R
EDUCTION IN BASEACRES.— (1) R
EDUCTION AT OPTION OF OWNER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The owner of a farm may reduce, at any time, the base acres for any cov-ered commodity for the farm. (B) E
FFECT OF REDUCTION .—A reduction under subparagraph (A) shall be permanent and made in a manner prescribed by the Secretary. (2) R
EQUIRED ACTION BY SECRETARY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall propor-tionately reduce base acres on a farm for land that has been subdivided and developed for mul-tiple residential units or other nonfarming uses if the size of the tracts and the density of the subdivision is such that the land is unlikely to return to the previous agricultural use, unless the producers on the farm demonstrate that the land— (i) remains devoted to commercial agricultural production; or (ii) is likely to be returned to the previous ag-ricultural use. (B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall estab-lish procedures to identify land described in subparagraph (A). (3) T
REATMENT OF UNPLANTED BASE .—In the case of a farm on which no covered commodities (including seed cotton) were planted or pre-vented from being planted during the period be-ginning on January 1, 2009, and ending on De-cember 31, 2017, the Secretary shall allocate all base acres on the farm to unassigned crop base for which no payment shall be made under sec-tion 1116 or 1117. (4) P
ROHIBITION ON RECONSTITUTION OF  
FARM .—The Secretary shall ensure that pro-ducers on a farm do not reconstitute the farm to void or change the treatment of base acres under this section. 
SEC. 1113. PAYMENT YIELDS. 
(a) T REATMENT OF DESIGNATED OILSEEDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For the purpose of making price loss coverage payments under section 1116, the Secretary shall provide for the establishment of a yield for each farm for any designated oil-seed for which a payment yield was not estab-lished under section 1113 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9013) in accordance with this section. (2) P
AYMENT YIELDS FOR DESIGNATED OIL -
SEEDS .—In the case of designated oilseeds, the payment yield shall be equal to 90 percent of the average of the yield per planted acre for the most recent five crop years, as determined by the Secretary, excluding any crop year in which the acreage planted to the covered commodity was zero. (3) A
PPLICATION .—This subsection shall apply to oilseeds designated after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (b) E
FFECT OF LACK OF PAYMENT YIELD.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT BY SECRETARY .—In the case of a covered commodity on a farm for which base acres have been established, if no payment yield is otherwise established for the covered commodity on the farm, the Secretary shall establish an appropriate payment yield for the covered commodity on the farm under para-graph (2). (2) U
SE OF SIMILARLY SITUATED FARMS .—To establish an appropriate payment yield for a covered commodity on a farm as required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall take into con-sideration the farm program payment yields ap-plicable to that covered commodity for similarly situated farms. The use of such data in an ap-peal, by the Secretary or by the producer, shall not be subject to any other provision of law. (c) SINGLE OPPORTUNITY TO UPDATE YIELDS IN  C
OUNTIES AFFECTED BY DROUGHT .— (1) E
LECTION TO UPDATE .—In the case of a farm that is physically located in a county in which any area of the county was rated by the U.S. Drought Monitor as having a D4 (excep-tional drought) intensity for 20 or more consecu-tive weeks during the period beginning January 1, 2008 and ending December 31, 2012, at the sole discretion of the owner of such farm, the owner of a farm shall have a 1-time opportunity to up-date, on a covered commodity-by covered-com-modity basis, the payment yield that would oth-erwise be used in calculating any price loss cov-erage payment for each covered commodity on the farm for which the election is made. (2) M
ETHOD OF UPDATING YIELDS FOR COVERED  
COMMODITIES .—If the owner of a farm elects to update yields under paragraph (1), the payment yield for covered commodities on the farm, for the purpose of calculating price loss coverage payments only, shall be equal to 90 percent of the average of the yield per planted acre for the crop of covered commodities on the farm for the 2013 through 2017 crop years, as determined by the Secretary, excluding any crop year in which the acreage planted to the covered commodity was zero. (3) U
SE OF COUNTY AVERAGE YIELD .—For the purposes of determining the average yield under paragraph (2), if the yield per planted acre for a crop of a covered commodity for a farm for any of the crop years specified in paragraph (2) was less than 75 percent of the average of coun-ty yields for those same years for that com-modity, the Secretary shall assign a yield for that crop year equal to 75 percent of the average of the 2013 though 2017 county yield for the cov-ered commodity. (4) U
PLAND COTTON CONVERSION .—In the case of seed cotton, for purposes of determining the average of the yield per planted acre under paragraph (2), the average yield for seed cotton per planted acre shall be equal to 2.4 times the average yield for upland cotton per planted acre. (5) T
IME FOR ELECTION .—An election under this subsection shall be made at a time and man-ner so as to be in effect beginning with the 2019 crop year, as determined by the Secretary. 
SEC. 1114. PAYMENT ACRES. 
(a) D ETERMINATION OF PAYMENT ACRES.— Subject to subsection (d), for the purpose of price loss coverage and agriculture risk cov-erage, the payment acres for each covered com-modity on a farm shall be equal to 85 percent of the base acres for the covered commodity on the farm. (b) E
FFECT OF MINIMAL PAYMENT ACRES.— (1) P
ROHIBITION ON PAYMENTS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this title, a pro-ducer on a farm may not receive price loss cov-erage payments or agriculture risk coverage payments if the sum of the base acres on the farm is 10 acres or less, as determined by the Secretary, unless the sum of the base acres on the farm, when combined with the base acres of other farms in which the producer has an inter-est, is more than 10 acres. (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) does not apply to a producer that is— (A) a socially disadvantaged farmer or ranch-er (as defined in section 355(e) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2003(e))); or (B) a limited resource farmer or rancher, as defined by the Secretary. (c) E
FFECT OF PLANTING FRUITS AND VEGETA -
BLES.— (1) R
EDUCTION REQUIRED .—In the manner pro-vided in this subsection, payment acres on a farm shall be reduced in any crop year in which fruits, vegetables (other than mung beans and pulse crops), or wild rice have been planted on base acres on a farm. (2) PRICE LOSS COVERAGE AND AGRICULTURAL  
RISK COVERAGE .—In the case of price loss cov-erage payments and agricultural risk coverage payments, the reduction under paragraph (1) shall be the amount equal to the base acres planted to crops referred to in such paragraph in excess of 15 percent of base acres. (3) R
EDUCTION EXCEPTIONS .—No reduction to payment acres shall be made under this sub-section if— (A) cover crops or crops referred to in para-graph (1) are grown solely for conservation pur-poses and not harvested for use or sale, as deter-mined by the Secretary; or (B) in any region in which there is a history of double-cropping covered commodities with crops referred to in paragraph (1) and such crops were so double-cropped on the base acres, as determined by the Secretary. (4) E
FFECT OF REDUCTION .—For each crop year for which fruits, vegetables (other than mung beans and pulse crops), or wild rice are planted to base acres on a farm for which a re-duction in payment acres is made under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider such base acres to be planted, or prevented from planting, to a covered commodity for purposes of any adjustment or reduction of base acres for the farm under section 1112. (d) U
NASSIGNED CROP BASE.—The Secretary shall maintain information on base acres allo-cated as unassigned crop base pursuant to— (1) section 1112(c)(3); or (2) section 1112(a) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9012(a)). 
SEC. 1115. PRODUCER ELECTION. 
(a) E LECTION REQUIRED .—For the 2019 through 2023 crop years, all of the producers on a farm shall make a 1-time, irrevocable election to obtain on a covered-commodity-by-covered- commodity basis— (1) price loss coverage under section 1116; or (2) agriculture risk coverage under section 1117. (b) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO MAKEUNANIMOUS  E
LECTION .—If all the producers on a farm fail to make a unanimous election under subsection (a) for the 2019 crop year— (1) the Secretary shall not make any payments with respect to the farm for the 2019 crop year under section 1116 or 1117; and (2) the producers on the farm shall be deemed to have elected price loss coverage under section 1116 for all covered commodities on the farm for the 2020 through 2023 crop years. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON RECONSTITUTION .—The Secretary shall ensure that producers on a farm do not reconstitute the farm to void or change an election made under this section. 
SEC. 1116. PRICE LOSS COVERAGE. 
(a) P RICE LOSSCOVERAGE PAYMENTS .—If all of the producers on a farm make the election under subsection (a) of section 1115 to obtain price loss coverage or, subject to subsection (b)(1) of such section, are deemed to have made such election under subsection (b)(2) of such section, the Secretary shall make price loss cov-erage payments to producers on the farm on a covered-commodity-by-covered-commodity basis if the Secretary determines that, for any of the 2019 through 2023 crop years— (1) the effective price for the covered com-modity for the crop year; is less than (2) the effective reference price for the covered commodity for the crop year. (b) E
FFECTIVE PRICE.—The effective price for a covered commodity for a crop year shall be the higher of— (1) the marketing year average price; or (2) the national average loan rate for a mar-keting assistance loan for the covered com-modity in effect for such crop year under sub-title B. (c) P
AYMENT RATE.—The payment rate shall be equal to the difference between— (1) the effective reference price for the covered commodity; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4064 May 16, 2018 
(2) the effective price determined under sub-section (b) for the covered commodity. (d) P
AYMENT AMOUNT .—If price loss coverage payments are required to be provided under this section for any of the 2019 through 2023 crop years for a covered commodity, the amount of the price loss coverage payment to be paid to the producers on a farm for the crop year shall be equal to the product obtained by multiplying— (1) the payment rate for the covered com-modity under subsection (c); (2) the payment yield for the covered com-modity; and (3) the payment acres for the covered com-modity determined under section 1114. (e) T
IME FOR PAYMENTS .—If the Secretary de-termines under this section that price loss cov-erage payments are required to be provided for the covered commodity, the payments shall be made beginning October 1, or as soon as prac-ticable thereafter, after the end of the applicable marketing year for the covered commodity. (f) E
FFECTIVE PRICE FOR BARLEY .—In deter- mining the effective price for barley under sub-section (b), the Secretary shall use the all-barley price. (g) R
EFERENCE PRICE FOR TEMPERATE JAPON -
ICARICE.—In order to reflect price premiums, the Secretary shall provide a reference price with respect to temperate japonica rice in an amount equal to the amount established under subparagraph (F) of section 1111(17), as ad-justed by paragraph (7) of such section, multi-plied by the ratio obtained by dividing— (1) the simple average of the marketing year average price of medium grain rice from the 2012 through 2016 crop years; by (2) the simple average of the marketing year average price of all rice from the 2012 through 2016 crop years. 
SEC. 1117. AGRICULTURE RISK COVERAGE. 
(a) A GRICULTURE RISK COVERAGE PAY-
MENTS .—If all of the producers on a farm make the election under section 1115(a) to obtain agri-culture risk coverage, the Secretary shall make agriculture risk coverage payments to producers on the farm if the Secretary determines that, for any of the 2019 through 2023 crop years— (1) the actual crop revenue determined under subsection (b) for the crop year; is less than (2) the agriculture risk coverage guarantee de-termined under subsection (c) for the crop year. (b) A
CTUAL CROPREVENUE .—The amount of the actual crop revenue for a county for a crop year of a covered commodity shall be equal to the product obtained by multiplying— (1) the actual average county yield per plant-ed acre for the covered commodity, as deter-mined by the Secretary; and (2) the higher of— (A) the marketing year average price; or (B) the national average loan rate for a mar-keting assistance loan for the covered com-modity in effect for such crop year under sub-title B. (c) A
GRICULTURE RISK COVERAGE GUAR-
ANTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The agriculture risk cov-erage guarantee for a crop year for a covered commodity shall equal 86 percent of the bench-mark revenue. (2) B
ENCHMARK REVENUE .—The benchmark revenue shall be equal to the product obtained by multiplying— (A) subject to paragraph (3), the average his-torical county yield as determined by the Sec-retary for the most recent 5 crop years, exclud-ing each of the crop years with the highest and lowest yields; and (B) subject to paragraph (4), the marketing year average price for the most recent 5 crop years, excluding each of the crop years with the highest and lowest prices. (3) Y
IELD CONDITIONS .—If the yield per plant-ed acre for the covered commodity or historical county yield per planted acre for the covered commodity for any of the 5 most recent crop years, as determined by the Secretary, is less than 70 percent of the transitional yield, as de-termined by the Secretary, the amounts used for any of those years in paragraph (2)(A) shall be 70 percent of the transitional yield. (4) REFERENCE PRICE .—If the marketing year average price for any of the 5 most recent crop years is lower than the reference price for the covered commodity, the Secretary shall use the reference price for any of those years for the amounts in paragraph (2)(B). (d) P
AYMENT RATE.—The payment rate for a covered commodity in a county shall be equal to the lesser of— (1) the amount that— (A) the agriculture risk coverage guarantee for the crop year applicable under subsection (c); exceeds (B) the actual crop revenue for the crop year applicable under subsection (b); or (2) 10 percent of the benchmark revenue for the crop year applicable under subsection (c). (e) P
AYMENT AMOUNT .—If agriculture risk coverage payments are required to be paid for any of the 2019 through 2023 crop years, the amount of the agriculture risk coverage pay-ment for the crop year shall be determined by multiplying— (1) the payment rate for the covered com-modity determined under subsection (d); and (2) the payment acres for the covered com-modity determined under section 1114. (f) T
IME FOR PAYMENTS .—If the Secretary de-termines that agriculture risk coverage pay-ments are required to be provided for the cov-ered commodity, payments shall be made begin-ning October 1, or as soon as practicable there-after, after the end of the applicable marketing year for the covered commodity. (g) A
DDITIONAL DUTIES OF THE SECRETARY .— In providing agriculture risk coverage, the Sec-retary shall— (1) to the maximum extent practicable, use all available information and analysis, including data mining, to check for anomalies in the de-termination of agriculture risk coverage pay-ments; (2) calculate a separate actual crop revenue and agriculture risk coverage guarantee for irri-gated and nonirrigated covered commodities; (3) assign an actual or benchmark county yield for each planted acre for the crop year for the covered commodity— (A) for a county for which county data col-lected by the Risk Management Agency is suffi-cient for the Secretary to offer a county-wide in-surance product using the actual average coun-ty yield determined by the Risk Management Agency; or (B) for a county not described in subpara-graph (A) using— (i) other sources of yield information, as deter-mined by the Secretary; or (ii) the yield history of representative farms in the State, region, or crop reporting district, as determined by the Secretary; and (4) make payments, as applicable, to pro-ducers using the payment rate of the county of the physical location of the base acres of a farm. 
SEC. 1118. PRODUCER AGREEMENTS. 
(a) C OMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Before the producers on a farm may receive payments under this subtitle with respect to the farm, the producers shall agree, during the crop year for which the pay-ments are made and in exchange for the pay-ments— (A) to comply with applicable conservation re-quirements under subtitle B of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3811 et seq.); (B) to comply with applicable wetland protec-tion requirements under subtitle C of title XII of that Act (16 U.S.C. 3821 et seq.); (C) to effectively control noxious weeds and otherwise maintain the land in accordance with sound agricultural practices, as determined by the Secretary; and (D) to use the land on the farm, in a quantity equal to the attributable base acres for the farm and any base acres for an agricultural or con-serving use, and not for a nonagricultural com-mercial, industrial, or residential use, as deter-mined by the Secretary. (2) COMPLIANCE .—The Secretary may issue such rules as the Secretary considers necessary to ensure producer compliance with the require-ments of paragraph (1). (3) M
ODIFICATION .—At the request of the transferee or owner, the Secretary may modify the requirements of this subsection if the modi-fications are consistent with the objectives of this subsection, as determined by the Secretary. (b) T
RANSFER OR CHANGE OF INTEREST IN  F
ARM.— (1) T
ERMINATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), a transfer of (or change in) the inter-est of the producers on a farm for which pay-ments under this subtitle are provided shall re-sult in the termination of the payments, unless the transferee or owner of the acreage agrees to assume all obligations under subsection (a). (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The termination shall take effect on the date determined by the Sec-retary. (2) E
XCEPTION .—If a producer entitled to a payment under this subtitle dies, becomes in-competent, or is otherwise unable to receive the payment, the Secretary shall make the payment in accordance with rules issued by the Sec-retary. (c) A
CREAGE REPORTS .—As a condition on the receipt of any benefits under this subtitle or subtitle B, the Secretary shall require producers on a farm to submit to the Secretary annual acreage reports with respect to all cropland on the farm. (d) E
FFECT OF INACCURATE REPORTS .—No penalty with respect to benefits under this sub-title or subtitle B shall be assessed against a producer on a farm for an inaccurate acreage report unless the Secretary determines that the producer on the farm knowingly and willfully falsified the acreage report. (e) T
ENANTS AND SHARECROPPERS .—In car- rying out this subtitle, the Secretary shall pro-vide adequate safeguards to protect the interests of tenants and sharecroppers. (f) S
HARING OF PAYMENTS .—The Secretary shall provide for the sharing of payments made under this subtitle among the producers on a farm on a fair and equitable basis. Subtitle B—Marketing Loans 
SEC. 1201. AVAILABILITY OF NONRECOURSE MAR-KETING ASSISTANCE LOANS FOR LOAN COMMODITIES. 
(a) D EFINITION OF LOANCOMMODITY .—In this subtitle, the term ‘‘loan commodity’’ means wheat, corn, grain sorghum, barley, oats, up-land cotton, extra long staple cotton, long grain rice, medium grain rice, peanuts, soybeans, other oilseeds, graded wool, nongraded wool, mohair, honey, dry peas, lentils, small chick-peas, and large chickpeas. (b) N
ONRECOURSE LOANS AVAILABLE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For each of the 2019 through 2023 crops of each loan commodity, the Sec-retary shall make available to producers on a farm nonrecourse marketing assistance loans for loan commodities produced on the farm. (2) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The marketing assistance loans shall be made under terms and conditions that are prescribed by the Secretary and at the loan rate established under section 1202 for the loan commodity. (c) E
LIGIBLE PRODUCTION .—The producers on a farm shall be eligible for a marketing assist-ance loan under subsection (b) for any quantity of a loan commodity produced on the farm. (d) C
OMPLIANCE WITH CONSERVATION AND  W
ETLANDS REQUIREMENTS .—As a condition of the receipt of a marketing assistance loan under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4065 May 16, 2018 
subsection (b), the producer shall comply with applicable conservation requirements under sub-title B of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3811 et seq.) and applicable wet-land protection requirements under subtitle C of title XII of that Act (16 U.S.C. 3821 et seq.) dur-ing the term of the loan. (e) S
PECIAL RULES FOR PEANUTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—This subsection shall apply only to producers of peanuts. (2) O
PTIONS FOR OBTAINING LOAN .—A mar- keting assistance loan under this section, and loan deficiency payments under section 1205, may be obtained at the option of the producers on a farm through— (A) a designated marketing association or marketing cooperative of producers that is ap-proved by the Secretary; or (B) the Farm Service Agency. (3) S
TORAGE OF LOAN PEANUTS .—As a condi-tion on the approval by the Secretary of an in-dividual or entity to provide storage for peanuts for which a marketing assistance loan is made under this section, the individual or entity shall agree— (A) to provide the storage on a nondiscrim-inatory basis; and (B) to comply with such additional require-ments as the Secretary considers appropriate to accomplish the purposes of this section and pro-mote fairness in the administration of the bene-fits of this section. (4) S
TORAGE , HANDLING , AND ASSOCIATED  
COSTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To ensure proper storage of peanuts for which a loan is made under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall pay handling and other associated costs (other than storage costs) in-curred at the time at which the peanuts are placed under loan, as determined by the Sec-retary. (B) R
EDEMPTION AND FORFEITURE .—The Sec- retary shall— (i) require the repayment of handling and other associated costs paid under subparagraph (A) for all peanuts pledged as collateral for a loan that is redeemed under this section; and (ii) pay storage, handling, and other associ-ated costs for all peanuts pledged as collateral that are forfeited under this section. (5) M
ARKETING .—A marketing association or cooperative may market peanuts for which a loan is made under this section in any manner that conforms to consumer needs, including the separation of peanuts by type and quality. (6) R
EIMBURSABLE AGREEMENTS AND PAYMENT  
OF ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—The Secretary may implement any reimbursable agreements or provide for the payment of administrative ex-penses under this subsection only in a manner that is consistent with those activities in regard to other loan commodities. 
SEC. 1202. LOAN RATES FOR NONRECOURSE MAR-KETING ASSISTANCE LOANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of each of the 2019 through 2023 crop years, the loan rate for a marketing assistance loan under section 1201 for a loan commodity shall be equal to the fol-lowing: (1) In the case of wheat, $2.94 per bushel. (2) In the case of corn, $1.95 per bushel. (3) In the case of grain sorghum, $1.95 per bushel. (4) In the case of barley, $1.95 per bushel. (5) In the case of oats, $1.39 per bushel. (6)(A) Subject to subparagraphs (B) and (C), in the case of base quality of upland cotton, the simple average of the adjusted prevailing world price for the 2 immediately preceding marketing years, as determined by the Secretary and an-nounced October 1 preceding the next domestic planting. (B) Except as provided in subparagraph (C), the loan rate determined under subparagraph (A) may not equal less than an amount equal to 98 percent of the loan rate for base quality of upland cotton for the preceding year. (C) The loan rate determined under subpara-graph (A) may not be equal to an amount— (i) less than $0.45 per pound; or (ii) more than $0.52 per pound. (7) In the case of extra long staple cotton, $0.95 per pound. (8) In the case of long grain rice, $6.50 per hundredweight. (9) In the case of medium grain rice, $6.50 per hundredweight. (10) In the case of soybeans, $5.00 per bushel. (11) In the case of other oilseeds, $10.09 per hundredweight for each of the following kinds of oilseeds: (A) Sunflower seed. (B) Rapeseed. (C) Canola. (D) Safflower. (E) Flaxseed. (F) Mustard seed. (G) Crambe. (H) Sesame seed. (I) Other oilseeds designated by the Secretary. (12) In the case of dry peas, $5.40 per hun-dredweight. (13) In the case of lentils, $11.28 per hundred-weight. (14) In the case of small chickpeas, $7.43 per hundredweight. (15) In the case of large chickpeas, $11.28 per hundredweight. (16) In the case of graded wool, $1.15 per pound. (17) In the case of nongraded wool, $0.40 per pound. (18) In the case of mohair, $4.20 per pound. (19) In the case of honey, $0.69 per pound. (20) In the case of peanuts, $355 per ton. (b) SINGLE COUNTY LOAN RATE FOR OTHER O
ILSEEDS .—The Secretary shall establish a sin-gle loan rate in each county for each kind of other oilseeds described in subsection (a)(11). (c) R
ULE FOR SEEDCOTTON .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sections 1116(b)(2) and 1117(b)(2)(B) only, seed cotton shall be deemed to have a loan rate equal to $0.25 per pound. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to authorize non-recourse marketing assistance loans under this subtitle for seed cotton. 
SEC. 1203. TERM OF LOANS. 
(a) T ERM OF LOAN.—In the case of each loan commodity, a marketing assistance loan under section 1201 shall have a term of 9 months begin-ning on the first day of the first month after the month in which the loan is made. (b) E
XTENSIONS PROHIBITED .—The Secretary may not extend the term of a marketing assist-ance loan for any loan commodity. 
SEC. 1204. REPAYMENT OF LOANS. 
(a) G ENERAL RULE.—The Secretary shall per-mit the producers on a farm to repay a mar-keting assistance loan under section 1201 for a loan commodity (other than upland cotton, long grain rice, medium grain rice, extra long staple cotton, peanuts and confectionery and each other kind of sunflower seed (other than oil sunflower seed)) at a rate that is the lesser of— (1) the loan rate established for the commodity under section 1202, plus interest (determined in accordance with section 163 of the Federal Agri-culture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7283)); (2) a rate (as determined by the Secretary) that— (A) is calculated based on average market prices for the loan commodity during the pre-ceding 30-day period; and (B) will minimize discrepancies in marketing loan benefits across State boundaries and across county boundaries; or (3) a rate that the Secretary may develop using alternative methods for calculating a re-payment rate for a loan commodity that the Sec-retary determines will— (A) minimize potential loan forfeitures; (B) minimize the accumulation of stocks of the commodity by the Federal Government; (C) minimize the cost incurred by the Federal Government in storing the commodity; (D) allow the commodity produced in the United States to be marketed freely and competi-tively, both domestically and internationally; and (E) minimize discrepancies in marketing loan benefits across State boundaries and across county boundaries. (b) REPAYMENT RATES FOR UPLAND COTTON , L
ONGGRAIN RICE, ANDMEDIUM GRAIN RICE.— The Secretary shall permit producers to repay a marketing assistance loan under section 1201 for upland cotton, long grain rice, and medium grain rice at a rate that is the lesser of— (1) the loan rate established for the commodity under section 1202, plus interest (determined in accordance with section 163 of the Federal Agri-culture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7283)); or (2) the prevailing world market price for the commodity, as determined and adjusted by the Secretary in accordance with this section. (c) R
EPAYMENT RATES FOR EXTRA LONGSTA-
PLECOTTON .—Repayment of a marketing assist-ance loan for extra long staple cotton shall be at the loan rate established for the commodity under section 1202, plus interest (determined in accordance with section 163 of the Federal Agri-culture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7283)). (d) P
REVAILING WORLD MARKET PRICE.—For purposes of this section and section 1207, the Secretary shall prescribe by regulation— (1) a formula to determine the prevailing world market price for each of upland cotton, long grain rice and medium grain rice; and (2) a mechanism by which the Secretary shall announce periodically those prevailing world market prices. (e) A
DJUSTMENT OF PREVAILING WORLD MAR-
KETPRICE FOR UPLAND COTTON , LONG GRAIN R
ICE, ANDMEDIUM GRAIN RICE.— (1) R
ICE.—The prevailing world market price for long grain rice and medium grain rice deter-mined under subsection (d) shall be adjusted to United States quality and location. (2) C
OTTON .—The prevailing world market price for upland cotton determined under sub-section (d)— (A) shall be adjusted to United States quality and location, with the adjustment to include— (i) a reduction equal to any United States Pre-mium Factor for upland cotton of a quality higher than Middling (M) 1
3⁄32-inch; and (ii) the average costs to market the commodity, including average transportation costs, as deter-mined by the Secretary; and (B) may be further adjusted, during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on July 31, 2024, if the Secretary de-termines the adjustment is necessary— (i) to minimize potential loan forfeitures; (ii) to minimize the accumulation of stocks of upland cotton by the Federal Government; (iii) to ensure that upland cotton produced in the United States can be marketed freely and competitively, both domestically and inter-nationally; and (iv) to ensure an appropriate transition be-tween current-crop and forward-crop price quotations, except that the Secretary may use forward-crop price quotations prior to July 31 of a marketing year only if— (I) there are insufficient current-crop price quotations; and (II) the forward-crop price quotation is the lowest such quotation available. (3) G
UIDELINES FOR ADDITIONAL ADJUST -
MENTS .—In making adjustments under this sub-section, the Secretary shall establish a mecha-nism for determining and announcing the ad-justments in order to avoid undue disruption in the United States market. (f) R
EPAYMENT RATES FOR CONFECTIONERY  
ANDOTHER KINDS OF SUNFLOWER SEEDS.—The Secretary shall permit the producers on a farm to repay a marketing assistance loan under sec-tion 1201 for confectionery and each other kind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4066 May 16, 2018 
of sunflower seed (other than oil sunflower seed) at a rate that is the lesser of— (1) the loan rate established for the commodity under section 1202, plus interest (determined in accordance with section 163 of the Federal Agri-culture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7283)); or (2) the repayment rate established for oil sun-flower seed. (g) P
AYMENT OF COTTON STORAGE COSTS.—Ef- fective for each of the 2019 through 2023 crop years, the Secretary shall make cotton storage payments available in the same manner, and at the same rates as the Secretary provided storage payments for the 2006 crop of cotton, except that the rates shall be reduced by 10 percent. (h) R
EPAYMENT RATE FOR PEANUTS .—The Sec- retary shall permit producers on a farm to repay a marketing assistance loan for peanuts under section 1201 at a rate that is the lesser of— (1) the loan rate established for peanuts under section 1202(a)(20), plus interest (determined in accordance with section 163 of the Federal Agri-culture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7283)); or (2) a rate that the Secretary determines will— (A) minimize potential loan forfeitures; (B) minimize the accumulation of stocks of peanuts by the Federal Government; (C) minimize the cost incurred by the Federal Government in storing peanuts; and (D) allow peanuts produced in the United States to be marketed freely and competitively, both domestically and internationally. (i) A
UTHORITY TOTEMPORARILY ADJUST RE-
PAYMENT RATES.— (1) A
DJUSTMENT AUTHORITY .—In the event of a severe disruption to marketing, transpor-tation, or related infrastructure, the Secretary may modify the repayment rate otherwise appli-cable under this section for marketing assistance loans under section 1201 for a loan commodity. (2) D
URATION .—Any adjustment made under paragraph (1) in the repayment rate for mar-keting assistance loans for a loan commodity shall be in effect on a short-term and temporary basis, as determined by the Secretary. 
SEC. 1205. LOAN DEFICIENCY PAYMENTS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF LOANDEFICIENCY PAY-
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (d), the Secretary may make loan defi-ciency payments available to producers on a farm that, although eligible to obtain a mar-keting assistance loan under section 1201 with respect to a loan commodity, agree to forgo ob-taining the loan for the commodity in return for loan deficiency payments under this section. (2) U
NSHORN PELTS , HAY, AND SILAGE .— (A) M
ARKETING ASSISTANCE LOANS .—Subject to subparagraph (B), nongraded wool in the form of unshorn pelts and hay and silage derived from a loan commodity are not eligible for a marketing assistance loan under section 1201. (B) L
OAN DEFICIENCY PAYMENT .—Effective for each of the 2019 through 2023 crop years, the Secretary may make loan deficiency payments available under this section to producers on a farm that produce unshorn pelts or hay and si-lage derived from a loan commodity. (b) C
OMPUTATION .—A loan deficiency pay-ment for a loan commodity or commodity re-ferred to in subsection (a)(2) shall be equal to the product obtained by multiplying— (1) the payment rate determined under sub-section (c) for the commodity; by (2) the quantity of the commodity produced by the eligible producers, excluding any quantity for which the producers obtain a marketing as-sistance loan under section 1201. (c) P
AYMENT RATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a loan com-modity, the payment rate shall be the amount by which— (A) the loan rate established under section 1202 for the loan commodity; exceeds (B) the rate at which a marketing assistance loan for the loan commodity may be repaid under section 1204. (2) UNSHORN PELTS .—In the case of unshorn pelts, the payment rate shall be the amount by which— (A) the loan rate established under section 1202 for ungraded wool; exceeds (B) the rate at which a marketing assistance loan for ungraded wool may be repaid under section 1204. (3) H
AY AND SILAGE .—In the case of hay or si-lage derived from a loan commodity, the pay-ment rate shall be the amount by which— (A) the loan rate established under section 1202 for the loan commodity from which the hay or silage is derived; exceeds (B) the rate at which a marketing assistance loan for the loan commodity may be repaid under section 1204. (d) E
XCEPTION FOR EXTRA LONGSTAPLE COT-
TON.—This section shall not apply with respect to extra long staple cotton. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE FOR PAYMENT RATEDE-
TERMINATION .—The Secretary shall determine the amount of the loan deficiency payment to be made under this section to the producers on a farm with respect to a quantity of a loan com-modity or commodity referred to in subsection (a)(2) using the payment rate in effect under subsection (c) as of the date the producers re-quest the payment. 
SEC. 1206. PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF LOAN DEFI-CIENCY PAYMENTS FOR GRAZED ACREAGE. 
(a) E LIGIBLE PRODUCERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Effective for each of the 2019 through 2023 crop years, in the case of a pro-ducer that would be eligible for a loan defi-ciency payment under section 1205 for wheat, barley, or oats, but that elects to use acreage planted to the wheat, barley, or oats for the grazing of livestock, the Secretary shall make a payment to the producer under this section if the producer enters into an agreement with the Secretary to forgo any other harvesting of the wheat, barley, or oats on that acreage. (2) G
RAZING OF TRITICALE ACREAGE .—Effective for each of the 2019 through 2023 crop years, with respect to a producer on a farm that uses acreage planted to triticale for the grazing of livestock, the Secretary shall make a payment to the producer under this section if the producer enters into an agreement with the Secretary to forgo any other harvesting of triticale on that acreage. (b) P
AYMENT AMOUNT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of a payment made under this section to a producer on a farm described in subsection (a)(1) shall be equal to the amount determined by multiplying— (A) the loan deficiency payment rate deter-mined under section 1205(c) in effect, as of the date of the agreement, for the county in which the farm is located; by (B) the payment quantity determined by mul-tiplying— (i) the quantity of the grazed acreage on the farm with respect to which the producer elects to forgo harvesting of wheat, barley, or oats; and (ii)(I) the payment yield in effect for the cal-culation of price loss coverage under section 1116 with respect to that loan commodity on the farm; (II) in the case of a farm for which agri-culture risk coverage is elected under section 1117, the payment yield that would otherwise be in effect with respect to that loan commodity on the farm in the absence of such election; or (III) in the case of a farm for which no pay-ment yield is otherwise established for that loan commodity on the farm, an appropriate yield es-tablished by the Secretary in a manner con-sistent with section 1113(b). (2) G
RAZING OF TRITICALE ACREAGE .—The amount of a payment made under this section to a producer on a farm described in subsection (a)(2) shall be equal to the amount determined by multiplying— (A) the loan deficiency payment rate deter-mined under section 1205(c) in effect for wheat, as of the date of the agreement, for the county in which the farm is located; by (B) the payment quantity determined by mul-tiplying— (i) the quantity of the grazed acreage on the farm with respect to which the producer elects to forgo harvesting of triticale; and (ii)(I) the payment yield in effect for the cal-culation of price loss coverage under subtitle A with respect to wheat on the farm; (II) in the case of a farm for which agri-culture risk coverage is elected under section 1117, the payment yield that would otherwise be in effect for wheat on the farm in the absence of such election; or (III) in the case of a farm for which no pay-ment yield is otherwise established for wheat on the farm, an appropriate yield established by the Secretary in a manner consistent with sec-tion 1113(b). (c) TIME, MANNER , ANDAVAILABILITY OF PAY-
MENT .— (1) T
IME AND MANNER .—A payment under this section shall be made at the same time and in the same manner as loan deficiency payments are made under section 1205. (2) A
VAILABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish an availability period for the payments au-thorized by this section. (B) C
ERTAIN COMMODITIES .—In the case of wheat, barley, and oats, the availability period shall be consistent with the availability period for the commodity established by the Secretary for marketing assistance loans authorized by this subtitle. (d) P
ROHIBITION ON CROPINSURANCE INDEM -
NITY OR NONINSURED CROPASSISTANCE .—A 2019 through 2023 crop of wheat, barley, oats, or triticale planted on acreage that a producer elects, in the agreement required by subsection (a), to use for the grazing of livestock in lieu of any other harvesting of the crop shall not be eli-gible for an indemnity under a policy or plan of insurance authorized under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) or non-insured crop assistance under section 196 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333). 
SEC. 1207. SPECIAL MARKETING LOAN PROVI-SIONS FOR UPLAND COTTON. 
(a) S PECIAL IMPORT QUOTA .— (1) D
EFINITION OF SPECIAL IMPORT QUOTA .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘special import quota’’ means a quantity of imports that is not subject to the over-quota tariff rate of a tariff-rate quota. (2) E
STABLISHMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall carry out an import quota program beginning on Au-gust 1, 2019, as provided in this subsection. (B) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—Whenever the Secretary determines and announces that for any consecutive 4-week period, the Friday through Thursday average price quotation for the lowest priced United States growth, as quoted for Middling (M) 1
3⁄32-inch upland cot-ton, delivered to a definable and significant international market, as determined by the Sec-retary, exceeds the prevailing world market price, there shall immediately be in effect a spe-cial import quota. (3) Q
UANTITY .—The quota shall be equal to the consumption during a 1-week period of cot-ton by domestic mills at the seasonally adjusted average rate of the most recent 3 months for which official data of the Department of Agri-culture are available or, in the absence of suffi-cient data, as estimated by the Secretary. (4) A
PPLICATION .—The quota shall apply to upland cotton purchased not later than 90 days after the date of the Secretary’s announcement under paragraph (2) and entered into the United States not later than 180 days after that date. (5) O
VERLAP .—A special quota period may be established that overlaps any existing quota pe-riod if required by paragraph (2), except that a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4067 May 16, 2018 
special quota period may not be established under this subsection if a quota period has been established under subsection (b). (6) P
REFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT .—The quantity under a special import quota shall be considered to be an in-quota quantity for pur-poses of— (A) section 213(d) of the Caribbean Basin Eco-nomic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2703(d)); (B) section 204 of the Andean Trade Pref-erence Act (19 U.S.C. 3203); (C) section 503(d) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463(d)); and (D) General Note 3(a)(iv) to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule. (7) L
IMITATION .—The quantity of cotton en-tered into the United States during any mar-keting year under the special import quota es-tablished under this subsection may not exceed the equivalent of 10 weeks’ consumption of up-land cotton by domestic mills at the seasonally adjusted average rate of the 3 months imme-diately preceding the first special import quota established in any marketing year. (b) L
IMITED GLOBAL IMPORT QUOTA FOR UP-
LAND COTTON .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) D
EMAND .—The term ‘‘demand’’ means— (i) the average seasonally adjusted annual rate of domestic mill consumption of cotton dur-ing the most recent 3 months for which official data of the Department of Agriculture are avail-able or, in the absence of sufficient data, as esti-mated by the Secretary; and (ii) the larger of— (I) average exports of upland cotton during the preceding 6 marketing years; or (II) cumulative exports of upland cotton plus outstanding export sales for the marketing year in which the quota is established. (B) L
IMITED GLOBAL IMPORT QUOTA .—The term ‘‘limited global import quota’’ means a quantity of imports that is not subject to the over-quota tariff rate of a tariff-rate quota. (C) S
UPPLY .—The term ‘‘supply’’ means, using the latest official data of the Department of Ag-riculture— (i) the carry-over of upland cotton at the be-ginning of the marketing year (adjusted to 480- pound bales) in which the quota is established; (ii) production of the current crop; and (iii) imports to the latest date available during the marketing year. (2) P
ROGRAM .—The President shall carry out an import quota program that provides that whenever the Secretary determines and an-nounces that the average price of the base qual-ity of upland cotton, as determined by the Sec-retary, in the designated spot markets for a month exceeded 130 percent of the average price of the quality of cotton in the markets for the preceding 36 months, notwithstanding any other provision of law, there shall immediately be in effect a limited global import quota subject to the following conditions: (A) Q
UANTITY .—The quantity of the quota shall be equal to 21 days of domestic mill con-sumption of upland cotton at the seasonally ad-justed average rate of the most recent 3 months for which official data of the Department of Ag-riculture are available or, in the absence of suf-ficient data, as estimated by the Secretary. (B) Q
UANTITY OF PRIOR QUOTA .—If a quota has been established under this subsection dur-ing the preceding 12 months, the quantity of the quota next established under this subsection shall be the smaller of 21 days of domestic mill consumption calculated under subparagraph (A) or the quantity required to increase the supply to 130 percent of the demand. (C) P
REFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT .—The quantity under a limited global import quota shall be considered to be an in-quota quantity for purposes of— (i) section 213(d) of the Caribbean Basin Eco-nomic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2703(d)); (ii) section 204 of the Andean Trade Pref-erence Act (19 U.S.C. 3203); (iii) section 503(d) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463(d)); and (iv) General Note 3(a)(iv) to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule. (D) QUOTA ENTRY PERIOD .—When a quota is established under this subsection, cotton may be entered under the quota during the 90-day pe-riod beginning on the date the quota is estab-lished by the Secretary. (3) N
O OVERLAP .—Notwithstanding paragraph (2), a quota period may not be established that overlaps an existing quota period or a special quota period established under subsection (a). (c) E
CONOMIC ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  T
EXTILE MILLS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary shall, on a monthly basis, make eco-nomic adjustment assistance available to domes-tic users of upland cotton in the form of pay-ments for all documented use of that upland cotton during the previous monthly period re-gardless of the origin of the upland cotton. (2) V
ALUE OF ASSISTANCE .—The value of the assistance provided under paragraph (1) shall be 3.15 cents per pound. (3) A
LLOWABLE PURPOSES .—Economic adjust-ment assistance under this subsection shall be made available only to domestic users of upland cotton that certify that the assistance shall be used only to acquire, construct, install, mod-ernize, develop, convert, or expand land, plant, buildings, equipment, facilities, or machinery. (4) R
EVIEW OR AUDIT .—The Secretary may conduct such review or audit of the records of a domestic user under this subsection as the Sec-retary determines necessary to carry out this subsection. (5) I
MPROPER USE OF ASSISTANCE .—If the Sec-retary determines, after a review or audit of the records of the domestic user, that economic ad-justment assistance under this subsection was not used for the purposes specified in paragraph (3), the domestic user shall be— (A) liable for the repayment of the assistance to the Secretary, plus interest, as determined by the Secretary; and (B) ineligible to receive assistance under this subsection for a period of 1 year following the determination of the Secretary. 
SEC. 1208. SPECIAL COMPETITIVE PROVISIONS FOR EXTRA LONG STAPLE COTTON. 
(a) C OMPETITIVENESS PROGRAM .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act through July 31, 2024, the Secretary shall carry out a program— (1) to maintain and expand the domestic use of extra long staple cotton produced in the United States; (2) to increase exports of extra long staple cot-ton produced in the United States; and (3) to ensure that extra long staple cotton pro-duced in the United States remains competitive in world markets. (b) P
AYMENTS UNDER PROGRAM ; TRIGGER .— Under the program, the Secretary shall make payments available under this section when-ever— (1) for a consecutive 4-week period, the world market price for the lowest priced competing growth of extra long staple cotton (adjusted to United States quality and location and for other factors affecting the competitiveness of such cot-ton), as determined by the Secretary, is below the prevailing United States price for a com-peting growth of extra long staple cotton; and (2) the lowest priced competing growth of extra long staple cotton (adjusted to United States quality and location and for other factors affecting the competitiveness of such cotton), as determined by the Secretary, is less than 113 percent of the loan rate for extra long staple cotton. (c) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—The Secretary shall make payments available under this section to domestic users of extra long staple cotton pro-duced in the United States and exporters of extra long staple cotton produced in the United States that enter into an agreement with the Commodity Credit Corporation to participate in the program under this section. (d) PAYMENT AMOUNT .—Payments under this section shall be based on the amount of the dif-ference in the prices referred to in subsection (b)(1) during the fourth week of the consecutive 4-week period multiplied by the amount of docu-mented purchases by domestic users and sales for export by exporters made in the week fol-lowing such a consecutive 4-week period. 
SEC. 1209. AVAILABILITY OF RECOURSE LOANS. 
(a) H IGHMOISTURE FEEDGRAINS .— (1) D
EFINITION OF HIGH MOISTURE STATE .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘high moisture state’’ means corn or grain sorghum having a moisture content in excess of Commodity Credit Corpora-tion standards for marketing assistance loans made by the Secretary under section 1201. (2) R
ECOURSE LOANS AVAILABLE .—For each of the 2019 through 2023 crops of corn and grain sorghum, the Secretary shall make available re-course loans, as determined by the Secretary, to producers on a farm that— (A) normally harvest all or a portion of their crop of corn or grain sorghum in a high mois-ture state; (B) present— (i) certified scale tickets from an inspected, certified commercial scale, including a licensed warehouse, feedlot, feed mill, distillery, or other similar entity approved by the Secretary, pursu-ant to regulations issued by the Secretary; or (ii) field or other physical measurements of the standing or stored crop in regions of the United States, as determined by the Secretary, that do not have certified commercial scales from which certified scale tickets may be ob-tained within reasonable proximity of harvest operation; (C) certify that the producers on the farm were the owners of the feed grain at the time of delivery to, and that the quantity to be placed under loan under this subsection was in fact harvested on the farm and delivered to, a feed-lot, feed mill, or commercial or on-farm high- moisture storage facility, or to a facility main-tained by the users of corn and grain sorghum in a high moisture state; and (D) comply with deadlines established by the Secretary for harvesting the corn or grain sor-ghum and submit applications for loans under this subsection within deadlines established by the Secretary. (3) E
LIGIBILITY OF ACQUIRED FEED GRAINS .—A loan under this subsection shall be made on a quantity of corn or grain sorghum of the same crop acquired by the producer equivalent to a quantity determined by multiplying— (A) the acreage of the corn or grain sorghum in a high moisture state harvested on the farm of the producer; by (B) the lower of— (i) the payment yield in effect for the calcula-tion of price loss coverage under section 1116, or the payment yield deemed to be in effect or es-tablished under subclause (II) or (III) of section 1206(b)(1)(B)(ii), with respect to corn or grain sorghum on a field that is similar to the field from which the corn or grain sorghum referred to in subparagraph (A) was obtained; or (ii) the actual yield of corn or grain sorghum on a field, as determined by the Secretary, that is similar to the field from which the corn or grain sorghum referred to in subparagraph (A) was obtained. (b) R
ECOURSE LOANS AVAILABLE FOR SEED C
OTTON .—For each of the 2019 through 2023 crops of upland cotton and extra long staple cotton, the Secretary shall make available re-course seed cotton loans, as determined by the Secretary, on any production. (c) R
ECOURSE LOANS AVAILABLE FOR CON-
TAMINATED COMMODITIES .—In the case of a loan commodity that is ineligible for 100 percent of the nonrecourse marketing loan rate in the county due to a determination that the com-modity is contaminated yet still merchantable, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4068 May 16, 2018 
for each of the 2019 through 2023 crops of such loan commodity, the Secretary shall make avail-able recourse commodity loans, at the rate pro-vided under section 1202, on any production. (d) R
EPAYMENT RATES.—Repayment of a re-course loan made under this section shall be at the loan rate established for the commodity by the Secretary, plus interest (determined in ac-cordance with section 163 of the Federal Agri-culture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7283)). 
SEC. 1210. ADJUSTMENTS OF LOANS. 
(a) A DJUSTMENT AUTHORITY .—Subject to sub-section (e), the Secretary may make appropriate adjustments in the loan rates for any loan com-modity (other than cotton) for differences in grade, type, quality, location, and other factors. (b) M
ANNER OF ADJUSTMENT .—The adjust-ments under subsection (a) shall, to the max-imum extent practicable, be made in such a manner that the average loan level for the com-modity will, on the basis of the anticipated inci-dence of the factors, be equal to the level of sup-port determined in accordance with this subtitle and subtitle C. (c) C
OSTSAVING OPTION .—In carrying out this title, the Secretary shall consider methods to en-hance the support, loan, or assistance provided under this title in a manner that further mini-mizes the potential for forfeitures. (d) A
DJUSTMENT ON COUNTY BASIS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may establish loan rates for a crop for producers in individual counties in a manner that results in the lowest loan rate being 95 percent of the national aver-age loan rate, if those loan rates do not result in an increase in outlays. (2) P
ROHIBITION .—Adjustments under this subsection shall not result in an increase in the national average loan rate for any year. (e) A
DJUSTMENT IN LOANRATE FOR COTTON .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make ap-propriate adjustments in the loan rate for cotton for differences in quality factors. (2) T
YPES OF ADJUSTMENTS .—Loan rate ad-justments under paragraph (1) may include— (A) the use of non-spot market price data, in addition to spot market price data, that would enhance the accuracy of the price information used in determining quality adjustments under this subsection; (B) adjustments in the premiums or discounts associated with upland cotton with a staple length of 33 or above due to micronaire with the goal of eliminating any unnecessary artificial splits in the calculations of the premiums or dis-counts; and (C) such other adjustments as the Secretary determines appropriate, after consultations con-ducted in accordance with paragraph (3). (3) C
ONSULTATION WITH PRIVATE SECTOR .— (A) P
RIOR TO REVISION .—In making adjust-ments to the loan rate for cotton (including any review of the adjustments) as provided in this subsection, the Secretary shall consult with rep-resentatives of the United States cotton indus-try. (B) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT .—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to consultations under this subsection. (4) R
EVIEW OF ADJUSTMENTS .—The Secretary may review the operation of the upland cotton quality adjustments implemented pursuant to this subsection and may make further adjust-ments to the administration of the loan program for upland cotton, by revoking or revising any adjustment taken under paragraph (2). (f) R
ICE.—The Secretary shall not make ad-justments in the loan rates for long grain rice and medium grain rice, except for differences in grade and quality (including milling yields). (g) C
ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 166 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Re-form Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7286) is amended by striking ‘‘and Subtitle B of title I of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subtitle B of title I of the Agricultural Act of 2014, and subtitle B of title I of the Agri-culture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’. Subtitle C—Sugar SEC. 1301. SUGAR POLICY. 
(a) C ONTINUATION OF CURRENT PROGRAM AND  L
OANRATES.— (1) S
UGARCANE .—Section 156(a)(4) of the Fed-eral Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7272(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (2) S
UGAR BEETS .—Section 156(b)(2) of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7272(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—Section 156(i) of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7272(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) F
LEXIBLE MARKETING ALLOTMENTS FOR  S
UGAR .— (1) S
UGAR ESTIMATES .—Section 359b(a)(1) of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 (7 U.S.C. 1359bb(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—Section 359l(a) of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 (7 U.S.C. 1359ll(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle D—Dairy Risk Management Program and Other Dairy Programs 
SEC. 1401. DAIRY RISK MANAGEMENT PROGRAM FOR DAIRY PRODUCERS. 
(a) R EVIEW OF DATAUSED IN CALCULATION OF  A
VERAGE FEEDCOST.—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report evaluating the extent to which the average cost of feed used by a dairy operation to produce a hundredweight of milk calculated by the Sec-retary as required by section 1402(a) of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9052(a)) is rep-resentative of actual dairy feed costs. (b) C
ORN SILAGE REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report detailing the costs incurred by dairy operations in the use of corn silage as feed, and the dif-ference between the feed cost of corn silage and the feed cost of corn. (c) C
OLLECTION OF ALFALFA HAYDATA.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the National Agricultural Statis-tics Service, shall revise monthly price survey re-ports to include prices for high-quality alfalfa hay in the top five milk producing States, as measured by volume of milk produced during the previous month. (d) R
EGISTRATION OF MULTIPRODUCER DAIRY O
PERATIONS .—Section 1404(b) of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9054(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘If’’ and in-serting ‘‘Subject to paragraph (5), if’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN MULTIPRODUCER DAIRY OPER -
ATION EXCLUSIONS .— ‘‘(A) E
XCLUSION OF LOW -PERCENTAGE OWN -
ERS.—To promote administrative efficiency in the dairy risk management program, a multipro-ducer dairy operation covered by paragraph (3) may elect, at the option of the multiproducer dairy operation, to exclude information from the registration process regarding any individual owner of the multiproducer dairy operation that— ‘‘(i) holds less than a five percent ownership interest in the multiproducer dairy operation; or ‘‘(ii) is entitled to less than five percent of the income, revenue, profit, gain, loss, expenditure, deduction, or credit of the multiproducer dairy operation for any given year. ‘‘(B) EFFECT OF EXCLUSION ON DAIRY RISK  
MANAGEMENT PAYMENTS .—To the extent that an individual owner of a multiproducer dairy oper-ation is excluded under subparagraph (A) from the registration of the multiproducer dairy oper-ation, any dairy risk management payment made to the multiproducer dairy operation shall be reduced by an amount equal to the greater of the following: ‘‘(i) The amount determined by multiplying the dairy risk management payment otherwise determined under section 1406 by the total per-centage of ownership interests represented by the excluded owners. ‘‘(ii) The amount determined by multiplying the dairy risk management payment otherwise determined under section 1406 by the total per-centage of the income, revenue, profit, gain, loss, expenditure, deduction, or credit of the multiproducer dairy operation represented by the excluded owners.’’. (e) R
ELATION TO LIVESTOCK GROSS MARGIN  
FOR DAIRY PROGRAM .—Section 1404(d) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9054(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘but not both’’ and inserting ‘‘but not on the same production’’; (2) by striking ‘‘or the’’ and inserting ‘‘and the’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘margin protection program’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk management pro-gram’’. (f) P
RODUCTION HISTORY OF PARTICIPATING  D
AIRY OPERATORS .— (1) C
ONTINUED USE OF PRIOR DAIRY OPERATION  
PRODUCTION HISTORY .—Section 1405(a)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9055(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The production history of a par-ticipating dairy operation shall continue to be based on annual milk marketings during the 2011, 2012, or 2013 calendar year notwith-standing the operation of the dairy risk man-agement program through 2023.’’. (2) A
DJUSTMENT .—Section 1405(a) of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9055(a)) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘In subse-quent years’’ and inserting ‘‘In the subsequent calendar years ending before January 1, 2019’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, as appli-cable’’ after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. (3) L
IMITATION ON CHANGES TO BUSINESS  
STRUCTURE .—Section 1405 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9055) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON CHANGES TO BUSINESS  S
TRUCTURE .—The Secretary may not make dairy risk management payments to a participating dairy operation if the Secretary determines that the participating dairy operation has reorga-nized the structure of such operation solely for the purpose of qualifying as a new operation under subsection (b).’’. (g) D
AIRY RISKMANAGEMENT PAYMENTS .— (1) E
LECTION OF COVERAGE LEVEL THRESHOLD  
AND COVERAGE PERCENTAGE .—Section 1406 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9056) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘annually’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EADLINE FOR ELECTION ; DURATION .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the en-actment of this subsection, each participating dairy operation shall elect a coverage level threshold under subsection (a)(1) and a cov-erage percentage under subsection (a)(2) to be used to determine dairy risk management pay-ments. This election shall remain in effect for the participating dairy operation for the dura-tion of the dairy risk management program, as specified in section 1409.’’. (2) A
DDITIONAL COVERAGE LEVEL THRESHOLDS  
FOR CERTAIN PRODUCERS .—Section 1406(a)(1) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4069 May 16, 2018 
the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9056(a)(1)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘or $8.00’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘(and in the case of production subject to premiums under section 1407(b), also $8.50 or $9.00)’’. (3) E
LECTION OF PRODUCTION HISTORY COV -
ERAGE PERCENTAGE .—Section 1406(a)(2) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9056(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘beginning with 25 percent and not exceeding’’ and inserting ‘‘but not to exceed’’. (h) P
REMIUMS FOR PARTICIPATION IN DAIRY R
ISKMANAGEMENT PROGRAM .— (1) P
REMIUM PER HUNDREDWEIGHT FOR FIRST 5  
MILLION POUNDS OF PRODUCTION .—Section 1407(b) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9057(b)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) P
RODUCER PREMIUMS .—The following an-nual premiums apply: ‘‘Coverage Level Premium per Cwt. 
$4.00 None $4.50 $0.002 $5.00 $0.005 $5.50 $0.008 $6.00 $0.010 $6.50 $0.017 $7.00 $0.041 $7.50 $0.057 $8.00 $0.090 $8.50 $0.120 $9.00 $0.170’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3). (2) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 1407(d) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9057(d)) is amended in the subsection heading by strik-ing ‘‘T
IME FOR ’’ and inserting ‘‘M ETHOD OF ’’. (i) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO  P
ROGRAM NAME.— (1) H
EADING .—The heading of part I of sub-title D of title I of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 688) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘PART I—DAIRY RISK MANAGEMENT PROGRAM FOR DAIRY PRODUCERS’’. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 1401 of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9051) is amended— (A) by striking paragraphs (5) and (6) and in-serting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) D
AIRY RISK MANAGEMENT PROGRAM .—The terms ‘dairy risk management program’ and ‘program’ mean the dairy risk management pro-gram required by section 1403. ‘‘(6) D
AIRY RISK MANAGEMENT PAYMENT .—The term ‘dairy risk management payment’ means a payment made to a participating dairy oper-ation under the program pursuant to section 1406.’’; and (B) in paragraphs (7) and (8), by striking ‘‘margin protection’’ both places it appears. (3) C
ALCULATION OF ACTUAL DAIRY PRODUC -
TION MARGIN .—Section 1402(b)(1) of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9052(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘margin protection’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk management’’. (4) P
ROGRAM OPERATION .—Section 1403 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9053) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ ES- TABLISHMENT OF MARGIN PROTECTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘DAIRY RISK MANAGEMENT’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Not later than September 1, 2014, the Secretary shall establish and admin-ister a margin protection program’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The Secretary shall continue to administer a dairy risk management program’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘margin protection payment’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘dairy risk management payment’’. (5) P
ARTICIPATION .—Section 1404 of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9054) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ MAR- GIN PROTECTION’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘margin pro-tection program to receive margin protection payments’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk manage-ment program to receive dairy risk management payments’’; and (C) in subsections (b) and (c), by striking ‘‘margin protection’’ each place it appears. (6) PRODUCTION HISTORY .—Section 1405 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9055) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘margin protection program’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘dairy risk management program’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘margin protection’’ the sec-ond place it appears; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘margin pro-tection’’. (7) P
AYMENTS .—Section 1406 of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9056) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ MAR- GIN PROTECTION’’ and inserting ‘‘DAIRY RISK MANAGEMENT’’; (B) by striking ‘‘margin protection’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘dairy risk man-agement’’; and (C) in the heading of subsection (c), by strik-ing ‘‘M
ARGIN PROTECTION ’’. (8) P
REMIUMS .—Section 1407 of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9057) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ MAR- GIN PROTECTION’’ and inserting ‘‘DAIRY RISK MANAGEMENT’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘margin pro-tection program’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk man-agement program’’; and (C) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘margin pro-tection’’ both places it appears. (9) P
ENALTIES .—Section 1408 of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9058) is amended by striking ‘‘margin protection’’ both places it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘dairy risk management’’. (10) A
DMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT .— Section 1410 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9060) is amended by striking ‘‘margin protection’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘dairy risk management’’. (j) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (k) D
URATION .—Section 1409 of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9059) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘margin protection’’ and in-serting ‘‘dairy risk management’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 1402. CLASS I SKIM MILK PRICE. 
(a) C LASS I S KIM MILK PRICE.—Section 8c(5)(A) of the Agricultural Adjustment Act (7 U.S.C. 608c(5)(A)), reenacted with amendments by the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, is amended by striking ‘‘Throughout the 2- year period’’ and all that follows through ‘‘such handlers.’’ and inserting the following new sen-tence: ‘‘Throughout the 2-year period beginning on the effective date of this sentence (and subse-quent to such 2-year period unless modified by amendment to the order involved), for purposes of determining prices for milk of the highest use classification, the Class I skim milk price per hundredweight specified in section 1000.50(b) of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulation), shall be the sum of the adjusted Class I differential specified in section 1000.52 of such title 7, plus the adjustment to Class I prices specified in sections 1005.51(b), 1006.51(b), and 1007.51(b) of such title 7 (or successor regula-tion), plus the simple average of the advanced pricing factors computed in sections 1000.50(q)(1) and 1000.50(q)(2) of such title 7 (or successor regulation), plus $0.74.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first month beginning more than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Implementation of the amendment made by subsection (a) is not subject to any of the following: (A) The notice and comment provisions of sec-tion 553 of title 5, United States Code. (B) The notice and hearing requirements of paragraphs (3) and (4) of section 8c of the Agri-cultural Adjustment Act (7 U.S.C. 608c), reen-acted with amendments by the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937. (C) The order amendment requirements of sec-tion 8c(17) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 608c(17)). (D) A referendum under section 8c(19) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 608c(19)). SEC. 1403. EXTENSION OF DAIRY FORWARD PRIC-ING PROGRAM. 
Section 1502(e) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8772(e)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2026’’. 
SEC. 1404. EXTENSION OF DAIRY INDEMNITY PRO-GRAM. 
Section 3 of Public Law 90–484 (7 U.S.C. 450l) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 1405. EXTENSION OF DAIRY PROMOTION AND RESEARCH PROGRAM. 
Section 113(e)(2) of the Dairy Production Sta-bilization Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 4504(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 1406. REPEAL OF DAIRY PRODUCT DONA-TION PROGRAM. 
Section 1431 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9071) is repealed. Subtitle E—Supplemental Agricultural Disaster Assistance Programs 
SEC. 1501. MODIFICATION OF SUPPLEMENTAL AG-RICULTURAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE. 
(a) C OVERED LIVESTOCK LOSSES FOR LIVE-
STOCK INDEMNITY PAYMENTS .—Section 1501(b) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (A); (B) by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (B) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) disease that, as determined by the Sec-retary— ‘‘(i) is caused or transmitted by a vector; and ‘‘(ii) is not susceptible to control by vaccina-tion or acceptable management practices.’’; and (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘A payment’’ and inserting ‘‘P
AYMENT REDUCTIONS .—A pay- ment’’. (b) P
AYMENT LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSION OF  G
ROSS INCOME LIMITATION .—Section 1501(f) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘this section (excluding pay-ments received under subsections (b) and (e))’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘joint venture or general part-nership’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified pass through entity (as such term is defined in paragraph (5) of section 1001(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308(a)))’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) E
XCLUSION OF GROSS INCOME LIMITA -
TION.—For purposes of this section only, sub-section (b) of section 1001D of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308–3a) shall not apply to a person or legal entity if 75 percent or greater of the average adjusted gross income (as such term is defined in subsection (a) of such section) of such person or legal entity derives from farm-ing, ranching, or silviculture activities.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .—Section 1501 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081), as amended by this section, shall apply with respect to losses described in such section 1501 incurred on or after January 1, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4070 May 16, 2018 
Subtitle F—Administration 
SEC. 1601. ADMINISTRATION GENERALLY. 
(a) U SE OF COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORA -
TION.—The Secretary shall use the funds, facili-ties, and authorities of the Commodity Credit Corporation to carry out this title. (b) D
ETERMINATIONS BY SECRETARY .—A deter- mination made by the Secretary under this title shall be final and conclusive. (c) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Commodity Credit Corporation, as ap-propriate, shall promulgate such regulations as are necessary to implement this title and the amendments made by this title. (2) P
ROCEDURE .—The promulgation of the reg-ulations and administration of this title and the amendments made by this title shall be made without regard to— (A) the notice and comment provisions of sec-tion 553 of title 5, United States Code; and (B) chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’). (3) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF AGENCY RULE -
MAKING .—In carrying out this subsection, the Secretary shall use the authority provided under section 808 of title 5, United States Code. (d) A
DJUSTMENT AUTHORITY RELATED TO  T
RADE AGREEMENTS COMPLIANCE .— (1) R
EQUIRED DETERMINATION ; ADJUSTMENT .— If the Secretary determines that expenditures under this title that are subject to the total al-lowable domestic support levels under the Uru-guay Round Agreements (as defined in section 2 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501)) will exceed such allowable levels for any applicable reporting period, the Sec-retary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, make adjustments in the amount of such ex-penditures during that period to ensure that such expenditures do not exceed the allowable levels. (2) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Before making any adjustment under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report describing the determination made under that paragraph and the extent of the adjustment to be made. 
SEC. 1602. SUSPENSION OF PERMANENT PRICE SUPPORT AUTHORITY. 
(a) A GRICULTURAL ADJUSTMENT ACT OF  1938.—The following provisions of the Agricul-tural Adjustment Act of 1938 shall not be appli-cable to the 2019 through 2023 crops of covered commodities (as defined in section 1111), cotton, and sugar and shall not be applicable to milk during the period beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act through December 31, 2023: (1) Parts II through V of subtitle B of title III (7 U.S.C. 1326 et seq.). (2) In the case of upland cotton, section 377 (7 U.S.C. 1377). (3) Subtitle D of title III (7 U.S.C. 1379a et seq.). (4) Title IV (7 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.). (b) A
GRICULTURAL ACT OF 1949.— (1) A
PPLICABILITY .—The following provisions of the Agricultural Act of 1949 shall not be ap-plicable to the 2019 through 2023 crops of cov-ered commodities (as defined in section 1111), cotton, and sugar and shall not be applicable to milk during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act through December 31, 2023: (A) Section 101 (7 U.S.C. 1441). (B) Section 103(a) (7 U.S.C. 1444(a)). (C) Section 105 (7 U.S.C. 1444b). (D) Section 107 (7 U.S.C. 1445a). (E) Section 110 (7 U.S.C. 1445e). (F) Section 112 (7 U.S.C. 1445g). (G) Section 115 (7 U.S.C. 1445k). (H) Section 201 (7 U.S.C. 1446). (I) Title III (7 U.S.C. 1447 et seq.). (J) Title IV (7 U.S.C. 1421 et seq.), other than sections 404, 412, and 416 (7 U.S.C. 1424, 1429, and 1431). (K) Title V (7 U.S.C. 1461 et seq.). (L) Title VI (7 U.S.C. 1471 et seq.). (2) CLARIFYING AMENDMENTS .—Section 201(a) of the Agricultural Act of 1949 (7 U.S.C. 1446(a)) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘, crambe, cottonseed, sesame seed’’ after ‘‘mustard seed’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘dry peas, lentils, small chickpeas, large chickpeas, graded wool, non-graded wool, mohair, peanuts,’’ after ‘‘honey,’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘in accordance with this title’’ and inserting ‘‘consistent with the percentage levels of support provided under subsection (c), except as otherwise provided for under sub-section (b)’’. (c) S
USPENSION OF CERTAIN QUOTA PROVI-
SIONS .—The joint resolution entitled ‘‘A joint resolution relating to corn and wheat marketing quotas under the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938, as amended’’, approved May 26, 1941 (7 U.S.C. 1330 and 1340), shall not be applicable to the crops of wheat planted for harvest in the calendar years 2019 through 2023. 
SEC. 1603. PAYMENT LIMITATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1001 of the Food Se-curity Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘section 1001 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111 of the Agri-culture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘first cous-in, niece, nephew,’’ after ‘‘sibling,’’; (C) by redesignating paragraph (5) as (6); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) Q
UALIFIED PASS THROUGH ENTITY .—The term ‘qualified pass through entity’ means a partnership (within the meaning of subchapter K of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and including a limited liability company that does not affirmatively elect to be treated as a corporation), an S corporation (as defined in section 1361 of such Code), or a joint venture.’’; (2) in subsections (b) and (c) by striking ‘‘enti-ty’’ through ‘‘Agricultural Act of 2014’’ in each place it appears and inserting ‘‘entity (except a qualified pass through entity) for any crop year under sections 1116 and 1117 of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’; (3) in subsection (d) by striking ‘‘associated’’ and all that follows through the end of the sen-tence and inserting ‘‘associated with subtitle B of title I of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018.’’; and (4) in subsection (f), by adding the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) A
DMINISTRATION OF REDUCTION .—The Secretary shall apply any order described in sec-tion 1614(d)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9097(d)(1)) to payments under sections 1116 and 1117 of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 prior to applying payment limita-tions under this section.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF QUALIFIED PASSTHROUGH  E
NTITIES .—Section 1001(e)(3)(B)(ii) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308(e)(3)(B)(ii)) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
JOINT VEN -
TURES AND GENERAL PARTNERSHIPS ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘
QUALIFIED PASS THROUGH ENTITIES ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘joint venture or a general partnership’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified pass through entity’’; (3) by striking ‘‘joint ventures and general partnerships’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified pass through entities’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘joint venture or general part-nership’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified pass through entity’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
REATMENT OF FEDERAL AGENCIES AND  
STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS .—Section 1001(f) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308(f)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘or title XII’’ and inserting ‘‘title I of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018, or title XII’’; and (B) in paragraph (6)(A), by striking ‘‘or title XII’’ and inserting ‘‘title I of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018, or title XII’’. (2) FOREIGN PERSONS INELIGIBLE .—Section 1001C(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308–3(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘title I of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’. (d) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall apply beginning with the 2019 crop year. 
SEC. 1604. ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME LIMITA-TION. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .—Section 1001D(b)(2) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308– 3a(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘title I of the Agricultural Act of 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘title I of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’; (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by inserting ‘‘title II of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018,’’ after ‘‘under’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Starting with fiscal year 2015, a’’ and inserting ‘‘A’’; (3) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (D); and (4) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (E) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1001D(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308–3a(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) E
XCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED PASS THROUGH  
ENTITIES .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to a qualified pass through entity (as such term is defined in section 1001(a)(5)). ‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the limitation established by paragraph (1) with re-spect to a payment pursuant to a covered ben-efit described in paragraph (2)(B), on a case-by- case basis, if the Secretary determines that envi-ronmentally sensitive land of special signifi-cance would be protected as a result of such waiver.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1001D of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308– 3a) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘subject to paragraph (3),’’ after ‘‘of law,’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘, general partnership, or joint venture’’ both places it ap-pears. (c) T
RANSITION .—Section 1001D of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308–3a), as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, shall apply with respect to the 2018 crop, fiscal, or program year, as appropriate, for each program described in subsection (b)(2) of that section (as so in effect on that day). 
SEC. 1605. PREVENTION OF DECEASED INDIVID-UALS RECEIVING PAYMENTS UNDER FARM COMMODITY PROGRAMS. 
(a) R ECONCILIATION .—At least twice each year, the Secretary shall reconcile Social Secu-rity numbers of all individuals who receive pay-ments under this title, whether directly or indi-rectly, with the Commissioner of Social Security to determine if the individuals are alive. (b) P
RECLUSION .—The Secretary shall pre-clude the issuance of payments to, and on be-half of, deceased individuals that were not eligi-ble for payments. 
SEC. 1606. ASSIGNMENT OF PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The provisions of section 8(g) of the Soil Conservation and Domestic Al-lotment Act (16 U.S.C. 590h(g)), relating to as-signment of payments, shall apply to payments made under this title. (b) N
OTICE .—The producer making the assign-ment, or the assignee, shall provide the Sec-retary with notice, in such manner as the Sec-retary may require, of any assignment made under this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4071 May 16, 2018 
SEC. 1607. TRACKING OF BENEFITS. 
As soon as practicable after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary may track the benefits provided, directly or indirectly, to indi-viduals and entities under titles I and II and the amendments made by those titles. 
SEC. 1608. SIGNATURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out this title and title II and amendments made by those ti-tles, if the Secretary approves a document, the Secretary shall not subsequently determine the document is inadequate or invalid because of the lack of authority of any person signing the document on behalf of the applicant or any other individual, entity, or qualified pass through entity (as such term is defined in para-graph (5) of section 1001(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308(a))) or the documents relied upon were determined inadequate or in-valid, unless the person signing the program document knowingly and willfully falsified the evidence of signature authority or a signature. (b) A
FFIRMATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section pro-hibits the Secretary from asking a proper party to affirm any document that otherwise would be considered approved under subsection (a). (2) N
O RETROACTIVE EFFECT .—A denial of ben-efits based on a lack of affirmation under para-graph (1) shall not be retroactive with respect to third-party producers who were not the subject of the erroneous representation of authority, if the third-party producers— (A) relied on the prior approval by the Sec-retary of the documents in good faith; and (B) substantively complied with all program requirements. 
SEC. 1609. PERSONAL LIABILITY OF PRODUCERS FOR DEFICIENCIES. 
Section 164(a) of the Federal Agriculture Im-provement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7284(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘this title’’ and all that follows through ‘‘unless’’ and inserting ‘‘this title, title I of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, title I of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8702 et seq.), title I of the Agricultural Act of 2014, or Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1610. IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) M AINTENANCE OF BASEACRES AND PAY-
MENT YIELDS .—The Secretary shall maintain, for each covered commodity, base acres and payment yields on a farm established under sec-tions 1001 and 1301 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8702, 8751), as adjusted pursuant to sections 1101, 1102, 1108, and 1302 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 8711, 8712, 8718, 8752), as in effect on September 30, 2013, and as adjusted pursuant to sections 1112 and 1113 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9012, 9013). (b) S
TREAMLINING .—In implementing this title and amendments made by this title, the Sec-retary shall— (1) continue to reduce administrative burdens and costs to producers by streamlining and re-ducing paperwork, forms, and other administra-tive requirements, including through the con-tinuation of the Acreage Crop Reporting and Streamlining Initiative that, in part, shall en-sure that— (A) a producer (or an agent of a producer) may report information, electronically (includ-ing geospatial data) or conventionally, to the Department; (B) upon the request of the producer (or agent thereof), the Department of Agriculture elec-tronically shares with the producer (or agent) in real time and without cost to the producer (or agent) the common land unit data, related farm level data, and other information of the pro-ducer; and (C) no agent, approved insurance provider, or employee or contractor of an agency or ap-proved insurance provider, bears responsibility or liability under the Acreage Crop Reporting and Streamlining Initiative for the eligibility of a producer for programs administered by the De-partment of Agriculture that are not policies or plans of insurance offered under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et. seq.) ex-cept in cases of misrepresentation, fraud, or scheme and device; (2) continue to improve coordination, informa-tion sharing, and administrative work with the Farm Service Agency, Risk Management Agen-cy, and the Natural Resources Conservation Service; (3) continue to take advantage of new tech-nologies to enhance efficiency and effectiveness of program delivery to producers; and (4) reduce administrative burdens on pro-ducers by offering such producers an option to remotely and electronically sign annual con-tracts for participation in coverage under sec-tions 1116 and 1117. (c) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall make available to the Farm Service Agency to carry out this title and amendments made by this title, $25,000,000. (d) L
OANIMPLEMENTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1614(d)(1) of the Ag-ricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9097(d)(1)) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘or subtitles B and C of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’ after ‘‘this title’’; (B) by striking ‘‘made by subtitles B or C’’ and inserting ‘‘made by such subtitles’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘of this title, and sections 1207(c) and 1208 of the Agriculture and Nutri-tion Act of 2018’’ after ‘‘1208’’. (2) R
EPAYMENT .—Section 1614(d)(2) of the Ag-ricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9097(d)(2)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘of subtitles B or C’’ and in-serting ‘‘of subtitle B or C of this title, or sub-title B or C of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘under subtitles B or C’’ and inserting ‘‘of subtitle B or C of this title, or sub-title B or C of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1611. EXEMPTION FROM CERTAIN REPORT-ING REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN PRODUCERS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF EXEMPTED PRODUCER .—In this section, the term ‘‘exempted producer’’ means a producer or landowner eligible to par-ticipate in any conservation or commodity pro-gram administered by the Secretary. (b) E
XEMPTION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282; 31 U.S.C. 6101 note), the requirements of parts 25 and 170 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations (and any successor regu-lations), shall not apply with respect to assist-ance received by an exempted producer from the Secretary, acting through the Natural Resources Conservation Service or the Farm Service Agen-cy. TITLE II—CONSERVATION Subtitle A—Wetland Conservation 
SEC. 2101. PROGRAM INELIGIBILITY. 
Section 1221(d) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3821(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Except as provided’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) D
UTY OF THE SECRETARY .—Before deter-mining that a person is ineligible for program benefits under this subsection, the Secretary shall determine that no exemption under section 1222 applies.’’. 
SEC. 2102. MINIMAL EFFECT REGULATIONS. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF MINIMAL EFFECT EX-
EMPTIONS .—Section 1222(d) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3822(d)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018,’’ before ‘‘the Secretary shall iden-tify’’. (b) MITIGATION BANKING .—Section 1222(k)(1)(B) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3822(k)(1)(B)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(B) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(i) F
UNDS OF COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORA -
TION.—To carry out this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall use $10,000,000 of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation beginning in fis-cal year 2019, which funds shall remain avail-able until expended. ‘‘(ii) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts made available under clause (i), there are authorized to be appro-priated to the Secretary to carry out this para-graph $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. Subtitle B—Conservation Reserve Program 
SEC. 2201. CONSERVATION RESERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1231(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) E
NROLLMENT .—Section 1231(d) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) fiscal year 2019, no more than 25,000,000 acres; ‘‘(G) fiscal year 2020, no more than 26,000,000 acres; ‘‘(H) fiscal year 2021, no more than 27,000,000 acres; ‘‘(I) fiscal year 2022, no more than 28,000,000 acres; and ‘‘(J) fiscal year 2023, no more than 29,000,000 acres.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION .—For purposes of applying the limitations in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(i) no more than 2,000,000 acres of the land described in subsection (b)(3) may be enrolled in the program at any one time during the 2014 through 2018 fiscal years; ‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall enroll and maintain in the conservation reserve not fewer than 3,000,000 acres of the land described in sub-section (b)(3) by September 30, 2023; and ‘‘(iii) in carrying out clause (ii), to the max-imum extent practicable, the Secretary shall maintain in the conservation reserve at any one time during— ‘‘(I) fiscal year 2019, 1,000,000 acres; ‘‘(II) fiscal year 2020, 1,500,000 acres; ‘‘(III) fiscal year 2021, 2,000,000 acres; ‘‘(IV) fiscal year 2022, 2,500,000 acres; and ‘‘(V) fiscal year 2023, 3,000,000 acres.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) R
ESERVATION OF UNENROLLED ACRES .—If the Secretary is unable in a fiscal year to enroll enough acres of land described in subsection (b)(3) to meet the number of acres described in clause (ii) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) for the fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve the re-maining number of acres for that fiscal year for the enrollment of land described in subsection (b)(3), and that number of acres shall not be available for the enrollment of any other type of eligible land.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
TATE ENROLLMENT RATES .—During each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to the max-imum extent practicable, the Secretary shall carry out this subchapter in such a manner as to enroll and maintain acreage in the conserva-tion reserve in accordance with historical State enrollment rates, considering— ‘‘(A) the average number of acres of all lands enrolled in the conservation reserve in each State during each of fiscal years 2007 through 2016; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4072 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(B) the average number of acres of all lands enrolled in the conservation reserve nationally during each of fiscal years 2007 through 2016; and ‘‘(C) the acres available for enrollment during each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, excluding acres described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) F
REQUENCY .—In carrying out this sub-chapter, for contracts that are not available on a continuous enrollment basis, the Secretary shall hold a signup not less often than once every other year.’’. (c) D
URATION OF CONTRACT .—Section 1231(e) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) D
URATION OF CONTRACT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), for the purpose of carrying out this subchapter, the Secretary shall enter into con-tracts of not less than 10, nor more than 15, years. ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN CONTINUOUS CONTRACTS .—With respect to contracts under this subchapter for the enrollment of land described in paragraph (4) or (5) of subsection (b), the Secretary shall enter into contracts of a period of 15 or 30 years.’’. (d) E
LIGIBILITY FOR CONSIDERATION .—Section 1231(h) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831(h)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘On the expiration’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—On the expiration’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EENROLLMENT LIMITATION FOR CERTAIN  
LAND .—Land subject to a contract entered into under this subchapter shall be eligible for only one reenrollment in the conservation reserve under paragraph (1) if the land is devoted to hardwood trees.’’. 
SEC. 2202. FARMABLE WETLAND PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—Section 1231B(a)(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831b(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) E
LIGIBLE ACREAGE .—Section 1231B(b)(2) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831b(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) B
UFFER ACREAGE .—Subject to subsections (c) and (d), an owner or operator may enroll in the conservation reserve, pursuant to the pro-gram established under this section, buffer acre-age that, with respect to land described in sub-paragraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) is contiguous to such land; ‘‘(B) is used to protect such land; and ‘‘(C) is of such width as the Secretary deter-mines is necessary to protect such land, taking into consideration and accommodating the farm-ing practices (including the straightening of boundaries to accommodate machinery) used with respect to the cropland that surrounds such land.’’. (c) P
ROGRAM LIMITATIONS .—Section 1231B(c) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831b(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘750,000’’ and inserting ‘‘500,000’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Subject to paragraph (3), any acreage’’ and inserting ‘‘Any acreage’’; and (3) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4). (d) D
UTIES OF OWNERS AND OPERATORS .—Sec- tion 1231B(e) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831b(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking the semicolon and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (2) by striking paragraph (3); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3). (e) D
UTIES OF THE SECRETARY .—Section 1231B(f) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831b(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 1234(d)(2)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1234(d)(2)(A)’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (3). SEC. 2203. DUTIES OF OWNERS AND OPERATORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1232(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3832(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘, which may include the use of grazing in accordance with paragraph (8),’’ after ‘‘management on the land’’; and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (10) and (11) as paragraphs (11) and (12), respectively, and inserting after paragraph (9) the following: ‘‘(10) on land devoted to hardwood or other trees, excluding windbreaks and shelterbelts, to carry out proper thinning and other practices to improve the condition of resources, promote for-est management, and enhance wildlife habitat on the land;’’. (b) C
ONSERVATION PLANS.—Section 1232(b)(2) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3832(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘, if any,’’. 
SEC. 2204. DUTIES OF THE SECRETARY. 
(a) C OST-SHARE AND RENTAL PAYMENTS .—Sec- tion 1233(a)(2) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3833(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘pay an annual rental payment in an amount necessary to compensate for’’ and inserting ‘‘pay an annual rental payment, in accordance with section 1234(d), for’’. (b) S
PECIFIED ACTIVITIES PERMITTED .—Section 1233(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3833(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘not less than 25 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘(except that vegetative cover may not be harvested for seed)’’ after ‘‘managed harvesting’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘is at least every 5 but not more than once every 3 years;’’ and inserting ‘‘contributes to the health and vigor of the established cover, and is not more than once every 3 years; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) shall ensure that 25 percent of the acres covered by the contract are not harvested, in ac-cordance with an approved plan that provides for wildlife cover and shelter;’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘not less than 25 percent’’ and in-serting ‘‘25 percent’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-ing ‘‘routine grazing, except that in permitting such routine grazing’’ and inserting ‘‘grazing, except that in permitting such grazing’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘continued rou-tine grazing; and’’ and inserting ‘‘grazing;’’; (iii) in clause (ii)— (I) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘routine grazing may be conducted, such that the frequency is not more than once every 2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘grazing may be conducted, such that the frequency contributes to the health and vigor of the established cover’’; (II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘the number of years that should be required between rou-tine’’ and inserting ‘‘the appropriate frequency and duration of’’; and (III) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘routine’’ each place it appears; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) shall ensure that the grazing is con-ducted in accordance with an approved plan that does not restrict grazing during the pri-mary nesting season and will reduce the stock-ing rate determined under clause (i) by 50 per-cent; and’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) grazing during the applicable normal grazing period determined under subclause (I) of section 1501(c)(3)(D)(i) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(c)(3)(D)(i)), without any re-striction on grazing during the primary nesting period, subject to the condition that the grazing shall be at 50 percent of the normal carrying ca-pacity determined under that subclause.’’; (5) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘and retains suitable vegetative structure for wildlife cover and shelter;’’; (6) in paragraph (6)(C), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) grazing pursuant to section 1232(a)(5), without any reduction in the rental rate, if the grazing is consistent with the conservation of soil, water quality, and wildlife habitat.’’. (c) NATURAL DISASTER OR ADVERSE WEATHER  
ASMID-CONTRACT MANAGEMENT .—Section 1233 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3833) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) N
ATURAL DISASTER OR ADVERSE WEATHER  
ASMID-CONTRACT MANAGEMENT .—In the case of a natural disaster or adverse weather event that has the effect of a management practice con-sistent with the conservation plan, the Secretary shall not require further management practices pursuant to section 1232(a)(5) that are intended to achieve the same effect.’’. 
SEC. 2205. PAYMENTS. 
(a) C OSTSHARING PAYMENTS .—Section 1234(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3834(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 40 percent’’; (2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(A) E
XCEPTION FOR SEED COSTS .—In the case of seed costs related to the establishment of cover, cost share shall not exceed 25 percent of the total cost of the seed mixture. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL INCENTIVE PAYMENTS .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (c), the Secretary may not make additional incentive payments be-yond the actual cost of installing measures and practices described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(C) M
ID-CONTRACT MANAGEMENT GRAZING .— The Secretary may not make any cost sharing payment to an owner or operator under this subchapter pursuant to section 1232(a)(5).’’; and (3) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4) and re-designating paragraph (5) as paragraph (3). (b) I
NCENTIVE PAYMENTS .—Section 1234(c) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3834(c)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
N-
CENTIVE ’’ and inserting ‘‘F OREST MANAGEMENT  P
AYMENT ’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Using funds made avail-able under section 1241(a)(1)(A), the Secretary’’; and (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘150 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘100 percent’’. (c) A
NNUAL RENTAL PAYMENTS .—Section 1234(d) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3834(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘less intensive use, the Sec-retary may consider’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘less intensive use— ‘‘(A) the Secretary may consider’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) the Secretary shall consider the impact on the local farmland rental market.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) I
NITIAL ENROLLMENT .—The amounts pay-able to an owner or operator in the form of an-nual rental payments under a contract entered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4073 May 16, 2018 
into under this subchapter with respect to land that has not previously been subject to such a contract shall be not more than 80 percent of the applicable estimated average county rental rate published pursuant to paragraph (4) for the year in which the contract is entered into. ‘‘(ii) M
ULTIPLE ENROLLMENTS .—If land subject to a contract entered into under this subchapter is reenrolled in the conservation reserve under section 1231(h)(1)— ‘‘(I) for the first such reenrollment, the an-nual rental payment shall be in an amount that is not more than 65 percent of the applicable es-timated average county rental rate published pursuant to paragraph (4) for the year in which the reenrollment occurs; ‘‘(II) for the second such reenrollment, the an-nual rental payment shall be in an amount that is not more than 55 percent of the applicable es-timated average county rental rate published pursuant to paragraph (4) for the year in which the reenrollment occurs; ‘‘(III) for the third such reenrollment, the an-nual rental payment shall be in an amount that is not more than 45 percent of the applicable es-timated average county rental rate published pursuant to paragraph (4) for the year in which the reenrollment occurs; and ‘‘(IV) for the fourth such reenrollment, the annual rental payment shall be in an amount that is not more than 35 percent of the applica-ble estimated average county rental rate pub-lished pursuant to paragraph (4) for the year in which the reenrollment occurs.’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A), in the case’’; (3) by striking paragraph (4) and redesig-nating paragraph (5) as paragraph (4); and (4) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘cash’’ each place it appears; (B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘, not less frequently than once every other year,’’ and inserting ‘‘annually’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, and shall publish the esti-mates derived from such survey not later than September 15 of each year’’ before the period at the end; and (C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘as a factor in determining’’ and inserting ‘‘to determine’’. (d) P
AYMENT LIMITATION FOR RENTAL PAY-
MENTS .—Section 1234(g)(2) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3834(g)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION ON PAYMENTS .—Payments under subparagraph (B) shall not exceed 50 per-cent of the cost of activities carried out under the applicable agreement entered into under such subparagraph.’’. 
SEC. 2206. CONTRACTS. 
(a) E ARLY TERMINATION BY OWNER OR OPER-
ATOR .—Section 1235(e)(1)(A) of the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3835(e)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (b) T
RANSITION OPTION FOR CERTAIN FARMERS  
ORRANCHERS .—Section 1235(f) of the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3835(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) beginning on the date that is 1 year be-fore the date of termination of the contract, allow the covered farmer or rancher, in conjunc-tion with the retired or retiring owner or oper-ator, to make conservation and land improve-ments, including preparing to plant an agricul-tural crop;’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (E) as subparagraphs (C) through (F), respectively, and inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) beginning on the date that is 3 years be-fore the date of termination of the contract, allow the covered farmer or rancher to begin the certification process under the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.);’’; (C) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘, and provide to such farmer or rancher technical and financial assistance to carry out the requirements of the plan, if any’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (D) in subparagraph (E), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘the conservation stewardship pro-gram or’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘To the extent the maximum number of acres per-mitted to be enrolled under the program has not been met, the Secretary’’; and (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘eligible for enrollment under the continuous signup op-tion pursuant to section 1234(d)(2)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘is carried out on land described in paragraph (4) or (5) of section 1231(b)’’. (c) END OF CONTRACT CONSIDERATIONS .—Sec- tion 1235(g) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3835(g)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) E
ND OF CONTRACT CONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary shall not consider an owner or oper-ator to be in violation of a term or condition of the conservation reserve contract if— ‘‘(1) during the year prior to expiration of the contract, the owner or operator— ‘‘(A) enters into an environmental quality in-centives program contract; and ‘‘(B) begins the establishment of an environ-mental quality incentives practice; or ‘‘(2) during the three years prior to the expira-tion of the contract, the owner or operator be-gins the certification process under the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990.’’. Subtitle C—Environmental Quality Incentives Program 
SEC. 2301. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) P RACTICE .—Section 1240A(4)(B) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa– 1(4)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting a semicolon; and (2) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iv) and inserting after clause (i) the following: ‘‘(ii) precision conservation management plan-ning; ‘‘(iii) the use of cover crops and resource con-serving crop rotations; and’’. (b) P
RIORITY RESOURCE CONCERN .—Section 1240A of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–1) is amended by redesignating para-graph (5) as paragraph (6) and inserting after paragraph (4) the following: ‘‘(5) P
RIORITY RESOURCE CONCERN .—The term ‘priority resource concern’ means a natural re-source concern or problem, as determined by the Secretary, that— ‘‘(A) is identified at the national, State, or local level as a priority for a particular area of a State; and ‘‘(B) represents a significant concern in a State or region.’’. (c) S
TEWARDSHIP PRACTICE .—Section 1240A of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa– 1) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) S
TEWARDSHIP PRACTICE .—The term ‘stew-ardship practice’ means a practice or set of practices approved by the Secretary that, when implemented and maintained on eligible land, address 1 or more priority resource concerns.’’. 
SEC. 2302. ESTABLISHMENT AND ADMINISTRA-TION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Section 1240B(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa– 2(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2023’’. (b) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDING .—Section 1240B(f) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–2(f)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(f) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDING .—For each of fiscal years 2014 through 2023, at least 5 percent of the funds made available for payments under the program shall be targeted at practices bene-fitting wildlife habitat under subsection (g).’’. (c) WATER CONSERVATION OR IRRIGATION EF-
FICIENCY PRACTICE .—Section 1240B(h) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa– 2(h)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) A
VAILABILITY OF PAYMENTS .—The Sec- retary may provide water conservation and sys-tem efficiency payments under this subsection to a producer for— ‘‘(A) a water conservation scheduling tech-nology or water conservation scheduling man-agement; ‘‘(B) irrigation-related structural practices; or ‘‘(C) a transition to water-conserving crops or water-conserving crop rotations.’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3) and inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITED ELIGIBILITY OF IRRIGATION DIS -
TRICTS , IRRIGATION ASSOCIATIONS , AND 
ACEQUIAS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 1001(f)(6), the Secretary may enter into a con-tract under this subsection with an irrigation district, irrigation association, or acequia to im-plement water conservation or irrigation prac-tices pursuant to a watershed-wide project that will effectively conserve water, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Water conservation or irrigation practices that are the subject of a contract entered into under this paragraph shall be implemented on— ‘‘(i) eligible land of a producer; or ‘‘(ii) land that is under the control of the irri-gation district, irrigation association, or acequia, and adjacent to such eligible land, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may waive the applicability of the limitations in sec-tion 1001D(b)(2) or section 1240G of this Act for a payment made under a contract entered into under this paragraph if the Secretary deter-mines that such a waiver is necessary to fulfill the objectives of the project. ‘‘(D) C
ONTRACT LIMITATIONS .—If the Sec-retary grants a waiver under subparagraph (C), the Secretary may impose a separate payment limitation for the contract with respect to which the waiver applies.’’; and (3) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to a producer’’ and inserting ‘‘under this subsection’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the eli-gible land of the producer is located, there is a reduction in water use in the operation of the producer’’ and inserting ‘‘the land on which the practices will be implemented is located, there is a reduction in water use in the operation on such land’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘with respect to an application under paragraph (1),’’ before ‘‘the producer agrees’’. (d) S
TEWARDSHIP CONTRACTS .—Section 1240B of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–2) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) S
TEWARDSHIP CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) I
DENTIFICATION OF ELIGIBLE PRIORITY RE -
SOURCE CONCERNS FOR STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the State technical committee, shall identify priority resource concerns within a State that are eligible to be the subject of a stewardship contract under this subsection. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall iden-tify not more than 3 eligible priority resource concerns under subparagraph (A) within each area of a State. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter into contracts with producers under this sub-section that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4074 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(i) provide incentives, through annual pay-ments, to producers to attain increased con-servation stewardship on eligible land; ‘‘(ii) adopt and install a stewardship practice to effectively address a priority resource concern identified as eligible under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(iii) require management and maintenance of such stewardship practice for the term of the contract. ‘‘(B) T
ERM.—A contract under this subsection shall have a term of not less than 5, nor more than 10, years. ‘‘(C) P
RIORITIZATION .—Section 1240C(b) shall not apply to applications for contracts under this subsection. ‘‘(3) S
TEWARDSHIP PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide payments to producers through contracts entered into under paragraph (2) for— ‘‘(i) adopting and installing stewardship prac-tices; and ‘‘(ii) managing, maintaining, and improving the stewardship practices for the duration of the contract, as determined appropriate by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(B) P
AYMENT AMOUNTS .—In determining the amount of payments under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider, to the extent prac-ticable— ‘‘(i) the level and extent of the stewardship practice to be installed, adopted, completed, maintained, managed, or improved; ‘‘(ii) the cost of the installation, adoption, completion, management, maintenance, or im-provement of the stewardship practice; ‘‘(iii) income foregone by the producer; and ‘‘(iv) the extent to which compensation would ensure long-term continued maintenance, man-agement, and improvement of the stewardship practice. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of pay-ments a person or legal entity receives pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall not exceed $50,000 for any fiscal year. ‘‘(4) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—The Secretary may use not more than 50 percent of the funds made available under section 1241 to carry out this chapter for payments made pursuant to this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 2303. LIMITATION ON PAYMENTS. 
Section 1240G of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–7) is amended by inserting ‘‘or the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023,’’ after ‘‘2018,’’. 
SEC. 2304. CONSERVATION INNOVATION GRANTS AND PAYMENTS. 
(a) C OMPETITIVE GRANTS FOR INNOVATIVE  C
ONSERVATION APPROACHES .—Section 1240H(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–8(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘use not more than $25,000,000 in each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to’’ after ‘‘the Secretary may’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘or per-sons participating in an educational activity through an institution of higher education, in-cluding by carrying out demonstration projects on lands of the institution’’ before the semicolon at the end. (b) A
IRQUALITY CONCERNS FROM AGRICUL -
TURAL OPERATIONS .—Section 1240H(b)(2) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa– 8(b)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, and $37,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’ after ‘‘2018’’. (c) O
N-FARM CONSERVATION INNOVATION  T
RIALS ; R EPORTING AND DATABASE .—Section 1240H of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–8) is amended by striking sub-section (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) O
N-FARM CONSERVATION INNOVATION  T
RIALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Using not more than $25,000,000 of the funds made available to carry out this chapter in each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the Secretary shall carry out on- farm conservation innovation trials, on eligible land of producers, to test new or innovative con-servation approaches— ‘‘(A) directly with producers; or ‘‘(B) through eligible entities. ‘‘(2) INCENTIVE PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) A
GREEMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Secretary shall enter into agree-ments with producers on whose land an on-farm conservation innovation trial is being carried out to provide payments (including payments to compensate for foregone income, as appropriate to address the increased economic risk poten-tially associated with new or innovative con-servation approaches) to the producers to assist with adopting and evaluating new or innovative conservation approaches. ‘‘(B) L
ENGTH OF INCENTIVES .—An agreement entered into under subparagraph (A) shall be for a period determined by the Secretary that is— ‘‘(i) not less than 3 years; and ‘‘(ii) if appropriate, more than 3 years, includ-ing if such a period is appropriate to support— ‘‘(I) adaptive management over multiple crop years; and ‘‘(II) adequate data collection and analysis to report the natural resource and agricultural production benefits of the new or innovative conservation approaches. ‘‘(3) F
LEXIBLE ADOPTION .—A producer or eli-gible entity participating in an on-farm con-servation innovation trial under paragraph (1) may determine the scale of adoption of the new or innovative conservation approaches in the on-farm conservation innovation trial, which may include multiple scales on an operation, in-cluding whole farm, field-level, or sub-field scales. ‘‘(4) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall provide technical assistance— ‘‘(A) to a producer or eligible entity partici-pating in an on-farm conservation innovation trial under paragraph (1), with respect to the design, installation, and management of the new or innovative conservation approaches; and ‘‘(B) to an eligible entity participating in an on-farm conservation innovation trial under paragraph (1), with respect to data analyses of the on-farm conservation innovation trial. ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible en-tity’ means a third-party private entity the pri-mary business of which is related to agriculture. ‘‘(B) N
EW OR INNOVATIVE CONSERVATION AP -
PROACHES .—The term ‘new or innovative con-servation approaches’ means— ‘‘(i) new or innovative— ‘‘(I) precision agriculture technologies; ‘‘(II) enhanced nutrient management plans, nutrient recovery systems, and fertilization sys-tems; ‘‘(III) soil health management systems; ‘‘(IV) water management systems; ‘‘(V) resource-conserving crop rotations; ‘‘(VI) cover crops; and ‘‘(VII) irrigation systems; and ‘‘(ii) any other conservation approach ap-proved by the Secretary as new or innovative. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTING AND DATABASE .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than De-cember 31, 2014, and every two years thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives a report on the status of activities funded under this section, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) funding awarded; ‘‘(B) results of the activities; and ‘‘(C) incorporation of findings from the activi-ties, such as new technology and innovative ap-proaches, into the conservation efforts imple-mented by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) C
ONSERVATION PRACTICE DATABASE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use the data reported under paragraph (1) to establish and maintain a publicly available conservation practice database that provides— ‘‘(i) a compilation and analysis of effective conservation practices for soil health, nutrient management, and source water protection in varying soil compositions, cropping systems, slopes, and landscapes; and ‘‘(ii) a list of recommended new and effective conservation practices. ‘‘(B) PRIVACY .—Information provided under subparagraph (A) shall be transformed into a statistical or aggregate form so as to not include any identifiable or personal information of indi-vidual producers.’’. Subtitle D—Other Conservation Programs 
SEC. 2401. CONSERVATION OF PRIVATE GRAZING LAND. 
Section 1240M(e) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 2402. GRASSROOTS SOURCE WATER PROTEC-TION PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 1240O(b)(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–2(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Section 1240O(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–2(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—In addition to any other funds made available under this sub-section, of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use $5,000,000 beginning in fiscal year 2019, to remain avail-able until expended.’’. 
SEC. 2403. VOLUNTARY PUBLIC ACCESS AND HABITAT INCENTIVE PROGRAM. 
Section 1240R(f)(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–5(f)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2012 and’’ and inserting ‘‘2012,’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, and $50,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 2404. WATERSHED PROTECTION AND FLOOD PREVENTION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 14(h)(2)(E) of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1012(h)(2)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) F
UNDS OF COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORA -
TION.—The Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 15. FUNDING. 
‘‘In addition to any other funds made avail-able by this Act, of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall make available to carry out this Act $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 2405. FERAL SWINE ERADICATION AND CON-TROL PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall establish a feral swine eradication and control pilot program to respond to the threat feral swine pose to agriculture, native eco-systems, and human and animal health. (b) D
UTIES OF THE SECRETARY .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall— (1) study and assess the nature and extent of damage to the pilot areas caused by feral swine; (2) develop methods to eradicate or control feral swine in the pilot areas; (3) develop methods to restore damage caused by feral swine; and (4) provide financial assistance to agricultural producers in pilot areas. (c) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary may provide financial assistance to agricultural producers under the pilot program to implement methods to— (1) eradicate or control feral swine in the pilot areas; and (2) restore damage caused by feral swine. (d) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the Natural Resources Conservation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4075 May 16, 2018 
Service and the Animal and Plant Health In-spection Service coordinate for purposes of this section through State technical committees es-tablished under section 1261 of the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985. (e) P
ILOT AREAS.—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program in areas of States in which feral swine have been identified as a threat to agriculture, native ecosystems, or human or animal health, as determined by the Secretary. (f) C
OSTSHARING .— (1) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the costs activities under the pilot program may not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such ac-tivities. (2) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The non-Federal share of the costs of activities under the pilot program may be provided in the form of in-kind contributions of materials or services. (g) F
UNDING .— (1) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .—Of the funds made available under paragraph (1)— (A) 50 percent shall be allocated to the Nat-ural Resources Conservation Service to carry out the pilot program, including the provision of financial assistance to producers for on-farm trapping and technology related to capturing and confining feral swine; and (B) 50 percent shall be allocated to the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service to carry out the pilot program, including the use of es-tablished, and testing of innovative, population reduction methods. (3) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX -
PENSES .—Not more than 10 percent of funds made available under this section may be used for administrative expenses of the pilot program. 
SEC. 2406. EMERGENCY CONSERVATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) R EPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF FENCING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 401 of the Agricul-tural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2201) is amended— (A) by striking the section designation and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary of Agri-culture’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 401. PAYMENTS TO PRODUCERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture (referred to in this title as the ‘Sec-retary’)’’; (B) in subsection (a), as so designated, by in-serting ‘‘wildfires,’’ after ‘‘hurricanes,’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) R
EPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF FENCING .— With respect to a payment to an agricultural producer under subsection (a) for the repair or replacement of fencing, the Secretary shall give the agricultural producer the option of receiving the payment, determined based on the applica-ble percentage of the fair market value of the cost of the repair or replacement, as determined by the Secretary, before the agricultural pro-ducer carries out the repair or replacement.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Sections 402, 403, 404, and 405 of the Agri-cultural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2202, 2203, 2204, 2205) are amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’. (B) Section 407(a) of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2206(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (b) C
OSTSHARE PAYMENTS .—Title IV of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 402 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 402A. COST SHARE REQUIREMENT. 
‘‘(a) C OST-SHARE RATE.—The maximum cost- share payment under section 401 and section 402 shall not exceed 75 percent of the total allowable cost, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—Not withstanding sub-section (a), a qualified limited resource, socially disadvantaged, or beginning farmer or rancher payment under section 401 and 402 shall not ex-ceed 90 percent of the total allowable cost, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) LIMITATION .—In no case shall the total payment under section 401 and 402 for a single event exceed 50 percent of what the Secretary has determined to be the agriculture value of the land.’’. Subtitle E—Funding and Administration 
SEC. 2501. COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION. 
(a) A NNUAL FUNDING .—Section 1241(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(a)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018 (and fiscal year 2019 in the case of the program specified in paragraph (5))’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (4) by striking paragraph (3) and redesig-nating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (5) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Agriculture and Nutri-tion Act of 2018, using such sums as are nec-essary to administer contracts entered into be-fore the earlier of September 30, 2018, or such date of enactment’’ before the period at the end; and (6) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019.’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2018;’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $2,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(G) $2,500,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(H) $2,750,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(I) $2,935,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(J) $3,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Section 1241(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018 (and fiscal year 2019 in the case of the program specified in subsection (a)(5))’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 1241(c) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(c)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In the delivery of technical assistance under the Soil Conservation and Do-mestic Allotment Act (16 U.S.C. 590a et seq.), the Secretary shall give priority to producers who request technical assistance from the Secretary in order to comply for the first time with the re-quirements of subtitle B and subtitle C of this title as a result of the amendments made by sec-tion 2611 of the Agricultural Act of 2014.’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (3) and redesig-nating paragraph (4) as paragraph (3). (d) R
EGIONAL EQUITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1241 of the Food Se-curity Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841) is amended by striking subsection (e) and redesignating sub-sections (f) through (i) as subsections (e) through (h), respectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1221(c) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3821(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘1241(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘1241(e)’’ each place it appears. (e) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS TOPROVIDE AS-
SISTANCE TO CERTAIN FARMERS OR RANCHERS  
FORCONSERVATION ACCESS .—Section 1241(g) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (as redesignated by subsection (d) of this section) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018 to carry out the environmental quality incentives pro-gram and the acres made available for each of such fiscal years to carry out the conservation stewardship program’’ and inserting ‘‘2023 to carry out the environmental quality incentives program’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (3) and redesig-nating paragraph (4) as paragraph (3). (f) REPORT ON PROGRAM ENROLLMENTS AND  A
SSISTANCE .—Section 1241(h) of the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 (as redesignated by subsection (d) of this section) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(h) R
EPORT ON PROGRAM ENROLLMENTS AND  A
SSISTANCE .—Not later than December 15 of each of calendar years 2018 through 2023, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate an annual report containing statistics by State related to enrollments in con-servation programs under this subtitle, as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) The annual and current cumulative ac-tivity reflecting active agreement and contract enrollment statistics. ‘‘(2) Secretarial exceptions, waivers, and sig-nificant payments, including— ‘‘(A) payments made under the agricultural conservation easement program for easements valued at $250,000 or greater; ‘‘(B) payments made under the regional con-servation partnership program subject to the waiver of adjusted gross income limitations pur-suant to section 1271C(c)(3); ‘‘(C) waivers granted by the Secretary under section 1001D(b)(3) of this Act; ‘‘(D) exceptions and activity associated with section 1240B(h)(2); and ‘‘(E) exceptions provided by the Secretary under section 1265B(b)(2)(C).’’. 
SEC. 2502. DELIVERY OF TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 1242(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3842(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE PARTICIPANT .—The term ‘eligi-ble participant’ means a producer, landowner, or entity that is participating in, or seeking to participate in, programs in which the producer, landowner, or entity is otherwise eligible to par-ticipate under this title. ‘‘(2) T
HIRD-PARTY PROVIDER .—The term ‘third-party provider’ means a commercial entity (including a farmer cooperative, agriculture re-tailer, or other commercial entity (as defined by the Secretary)), a nonprofit entity, a State or local government (including a conservation dis-trict), or a Federal agency, that has expertise in the technical aspect of conservation planning, including nutrient management planning, wa-tershed planning, or environmental engineer-ing.’’. (b) C
ERTIFICATION OF THIRD-PARTY PRO-
VIDERS .—Section 1242(e) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3842(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
LTERNATIVE CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Secretary shall approve any quali-fied certification that the Secretary determines meets or exceeds the national criteria provided under paragraph (3)(B). ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED CERTIFICATION .—In this para-graph, the term ‘qualified certification’ means a professional certification that is established by the Secretary, an agriculture retailer, a farmer cooperative, the American Society of Agronomy, or the National Alliance of Independent Crop Consultants, including certification— ‘‘(i) as a Certified Crop Advisor by the Amer-ican Society of Agronomy; ‘‘(ii) as a Certified Professional Agronomist by the American Society of Agronomy; and ‘‘(iii) as a Comprehensive Nutrient Manage-ment Plan Specialist by the Secretary.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4076 May 16, 2018 
SEC. 2503. ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS FOR CONSERVATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 1244 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (m); (2) by redesignating subsections (i) through (l) as subsections (j) through (m), respectively, and inserting after subsection (h) the following: ‘‘(i) S
OURCE WATER PROTECTION THROUGH  T
ARGETING OF AGRICULTURAL PRACTICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out any con-servation program administered by the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall encourage practices that relate to water quality and water quantity that protect source waters for drinking water (including protecting against public health threats) while also benefitting agricultural pro-ducers. ‘‘(2) C
OLLABORATION WITH WATER SYSTEMS  
AND INCREASED INCENTIVES .—In encouraging practices under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) work collaboratively with community water systems and State technical committees established under section 1261 to identify, in each State, local priority areas for the protec-tion of source waters for drinking water; and ‘‘(B) offer to producers increased incentives and higher payment rates than are otherwise statutorily authorized through conservation programs administered by the Secretary for practices that result in significant environ-mental benefits that the Secretary determines— ‘‘(i) relate to water quality or water quantity; and ‘‘(ii) occur primarily outside of the land on which the practices are implemented. ‘‘(3) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—In each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2023, the Secretary shall use, to carry out this subsection, not less than 10 percent of any funds available with respect to each conservation program administered by the Secretary under this title except the conserva-tion reserve program.’’; and (3) in subsection (m), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘the conservation stewardship program under subchapter B of chapter 2 of subtitle D and’’. 
SEC. 2504. ESTABLISHMENT OF STATE TECH-NICAL COMMITTEES. 
Section 1261(c) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3861(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) The State 1862 Institution (as defined in section 2(1) of the Agricultural Research, Exten-sion, and Education Reform Act of 1998).’’. Subtitle F—Agricultural Conservation Easement Program 
SEC. 2601. ESTABLISHMENT AND PURPOSES. 
Section 1265(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘that nega-tively affect the agricultural uses and conserva-tion values’’ after ‘‘that land’’; and (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘restoring and’’ and inserting ‘‘restoring or’’. 
SEC. 2602. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) A GRICULTURAL LANDEASEMENT .—Section 1265A(1)(B) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865a(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘sub-ject to an agricultural land easement plan, as approved by the Secretary’’. (b) E
LIGIBLE LAND.—Section 1265A(3) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865a(3)) is amended— (1) by amending subparagraph (A)(iii)(VI) to read as follows: ‘‘(VI) nonindustrial private forest land that contributes to the economic viability of an of-fered parcel, or serves as a buffer to protect such land from development, which may include up to 100 percent of the parcel if the Secretary de-termines enrolling the land is important to pro-tect a forest to provide significant conservation benefits;’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(i)(II), by striking ‘‘, as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior at the local level’’. (c) MONITORING REPORT .—Section 1265A of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865a) is amended by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively, and inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) M
ONITORING REPORT .—The term ‘moni-toring report’ means a report, the contents of which are formulated and prepared by the hold-er of an agricultural land easement, that docu-ments whether the land subject to the agricul-tural land easement is in compliance with the terms and conditions of the agricultural land easement.’’. 
SEC. 2603. AGRICULTURAL LAND EASEMENTS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF ASSISTANCE .—Section 1265B(a)(2) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865b(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘pro-vide for the conservation of natural resources pursuant to an agricultural land easement plan’’ and inserting ‘‘implement the program’’. (b) C
OST-SHARE ASSISTANCE .— (1) S
COPE OF ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE .—Section 1265B(b)(2) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865b(b)(2)) is amended by striking sub-paragraphs (B) and (C) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—An eligible entity may use for any part of its share— ‘‘(i) a cash contribution; ‘‘(ii) a charitable donation or qualified con-servation contribution (as defined by section 170(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) from the landowner from which the agricultural land easement will be purchased; or ‘‘(iii) funding from a Federal source other than the Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(C) G
RASSLANDS EXCEPTION .—In the case of grassland of special environmental significance, as determined by the Secretary, the Secretary may provide an amount not to exceed 75 percent of the fair market value of the agricultural land easement.’’. (2) E
VALUATION AND RANKING OF APPLICA -
TIONS .—Section 1265B(b)(3) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865b(b)(3)) is amended by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subpara-graph (D) and inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) A
CCOUNTING FOR GEOGRAPHIC DIF -
FERENCES .—The Secretary shall, in coordination with State technical committees, adjust the cri-teria established under subparagraph (A) to ac-count for geographic differences among States, if such adjustments— ‘‘(i) meet the purposes of the program; and ‘‘(ii) continue to maximize the benefit of the Federal investment under the program.’’. (3) A
GREEMENTS WITH ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— Section 1265B(b)(4) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865b(b)(4)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and the agricul-tural use of the land that is subject to the agri-cultural land easement’’ after ‘‘the program’’; and (ii) by striking clauses (iii) and (iv) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(iii) include a right of enforcement for the Secretary that— ‘‘(I) may be used only if the terms and condi-tions of the easement are not enforced by the el-igible entity; and ‘‘(II) does not extend to a right of inspection unless the holder of the easement fails to pro-vide monitoring reports in a timely manner; ‘‘(iv) include a conservation plan only for any portion of the land subject to the agricultural land easement that is highly erodible cropland; and’’; (B) in subparagraph (E)(ii), by inserting ‘‘in the case of fraud or gross negligence,’’ before ‘‘the Secretary may require’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) M
INERAL DEVELOPMENT .—Upon request by an eligible entity, the Secretary shall allow, under an agreement under this subsection, min-eral development on land subject to the agricul-tural land easement, if the Secretary determines that the mineral development— ‘‘(i) has limited and localized effects; ‘‘(ii) is not irremediably destructive of signifi-cant conservation interests; and ‘‘(iii) would not alter or affect the topography or landscape. ‘‘(G) ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES MARKETS .— The Secretary may not prohibit, through an agreement under this subsection, an owner of land subject to the agricultural land easement from participating in, and receiving compensa-tion from, an environmental services market if a purpose of the market is the facilitation of addi-tional conservation benefits that are consistent with the purposes of the program.’’. (4) C
ERTIFICATION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Sec- tion 1265B(b)(5) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865b(b)(5)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting a semicolon; (ii) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) allow a certified eligible entity to use its own terms and conditions, notwithstanding paragraph (4)(C), as long as the terms and con-ditions are consistent with the purposes of the program.’’; and (B) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION CRITERIA .—In order to be certified, an eligible entity shall demonstrate to the Secretary that the entity— ‘‘(i) is a land trust that has— ‘‘(I) been accredited by the Land Trust Ac-creditation Commission, or by an equivalent ac-crediting body (as determined by the Secretary); and ‘‘(II) acquired not fewer than five agricultural land easements under the program; or ‘‘(ii) will maintain, at a minimum, for the du-ration of the agreement— ‘‘(I) a plan for administering easements that is consistent with the purpose of the program; ‘‘(II) the capacity and resources to monitor and enforce agricultural land easements; and ‘‘(III) policies and procedures to ensure— ‘‘(aa) the long-term integrity of agricultural land easements on land subject to such ease-ments; ‘‘(bb) timely completion of acquisitions of such easements; and ‘‘(cc) timely and complete evaluation and re-porting to the Secretary on the use of funds pro-vided under the program.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 1265B(d) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865b(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary may provide technical assistance, if requested, to assist in compliance with the terms and con-ditions of easements.’’. 
SEC. 2604. WETLAND RESERVE EASEMENTS. 
Section 1265C(b)(5)(D)(i)(III) of the Food Se-curity Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865c(b)(5)(D)(i)(III)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘under subsection (f)’’ the following: ‘‘or a grazing management plan that is consistent with the wetland reserve easement plan and has been reviewed, and modified as necessary, at least every five years’’. 
SEC. 2605. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NELIGIBLE LAND.—Section 1265D(a)(4) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865d(a)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or off-site’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘proposed or’’ and inserting ‘‘permitted or’’. (b) S
UBORDINATION , E XCHANGE , M ODIFICA -
TION, ANDTERMINATION .— (1) S
UBORDINATION AND EXCHANGE .—Section 1265D(c)(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865d(c)(1)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4077 May 16, 2018 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘I N 
GENERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘S UBORDINATION AND  
EXCHANGE ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘subordinate, exchange, mod-ify, or terminate’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subordinate or exchange’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘subordination, exchange, modification, or termination’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘subordination or ex-change’’. (2) M
ODIFICATION ; TERMINATION .—Section 1265D(c) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865d(c)) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary may modify any interest in land, or portion of such interest, administered by the Secretary, either directly or on behalf of the Commodity Credit Corporation under the program if the modification— ‘‘(i) has a neutral effect on, or increases, the conservation values; ‘‘(ii) is consistent with the original intent of the easement; and ‘‘(iii) is consistent with the purposes of the program. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—In modifying an interest in land, or portion of such interest, under this paragraph, the Secretary may not increase any payment to an eligible entity. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may termi-nate any interest in land, or portion of such in-terest, administered by the Secretary, either di-rectly or on behalf of the Commodity Credit Cor-poration under the program if— ‘‘(A) the current owner of the land that is subject to the easement and the holder of the easement agree to the termination; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that the termi-nation would be in the public interest.’’; and (C) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (3)’’. (c) L
ANDOWNER ELIGIBILITY .—Section 1265D of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865d) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) L
ANDOWNER ELIGIBILITY .—The limitation described in paragraph (1) of section 1001D(b) shall not apply to a landowner from which an easement under the program is to be purchased with respect to any benefit described in para-graph (2)(B) of such section related to the pur-chase of such easement.’’. Subtitle G—Regional Conservation Partnership Program 
SEC. 2701. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) C OVERED PROGRAM .—Section 1271A(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871a(1)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (C) and redesig-nating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (C); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) The conservation reserve program estab-lished under subchapter B of chapter 1 of sub-title D. ‘‘(E) Programs provided for in the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), other than section 14 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 1012).’’. (b) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITY .—Section 1271A(2) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871a(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘re-source-conserving crop rotations,’’ before ‘‘or dryland farming’’; and (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) through (J) as subparagraphs (D) through (K), respectively, and inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) Protection of source waters for drinking water.’’. SEC. 2702. REGIONAL CONSERVATION PARTNER-SHIPS. 
(a) L ENGTH .—Section 1271B(b) of the Food Se-curity Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871b(b)) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(b) L
ENGTH .—A partnership agreement, in-cluding a renewal of a partnership agreement under subsection (d)(5), shall be— ‘‘(1) for a period not to exceed 5 years, which period the Secretary may extend one time for up to 12 months; or ‘‘(2) for a period that is longer than 5 years, if such longer period is necessary to meet the ob-jectives of the program, as determined by the Secretary.’’. (b) D
UTIES OF PARTNERS .—Section 1271B(c)(1)(E) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871b(c)(1)(E)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘, including quantification of the project’s environmental outcomes’’ before the semicolon. (c) A
PPLICATIONS .—Section 1271B(d) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871b(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘simplified’’ before ‘‘competitive process to select’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) R
ENEWALS .—If a project that is the sub-ject of a partnership agreement has met or ex-ceeded the objectives of the project, as deter-mined by the Secretary, the eligible partners may submit, through an expedited program ap-plication process, an application to— ‘‘(A) continue to implement the project under a renewal of the partnership agreement; or ‘‘(B) expand the scope of the project under a renewal of the partnership agreement.’’. 
SEC. 2703. ASSISTANCE TO PRODUCERS. 
Section 1271C(c) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871c(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a period of 5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable period under section 1271B(b)’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the Sec-retary may waive the applicability of the limita-tion in section 1001D(b)(2) of this Act for partici-pating producers’’ and inserting ‘‘notwith-standing the requirements of paragraph (3) of section 1001D(b), the Secretary may waive the applicability of the limitation in paragraph (2) of such section, and any limitation on the max-imum amount of payments related to the covered programs, for participating producers’’. 
SEC. 2704. FUNDING. 
Section 1271D(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871d(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall use, to carry out the program— ‘‘(1) $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018; and ‘‘(2) $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 2705. ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 1271E of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871e) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c) and inserting after subsection (a) the following: ‘‘(b) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall provide eligible partners and producers participating in the partnership agreements with guidance on how to quantify and report on environmental outcomes associated with the adoption of con-servation practices under the program.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) the progress that eligible partners and producers participating in the partnership agreements are making in quantifying and re-porting on environmental outcomes associated with the adoption of conservation practices under the program.’’. SEC. 2706. CRITICAL CONSERVATION AREAS. 
Section 1271F(c) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871f(c)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). Subtitle H—Repeals and Transitional Provisions; Technical Amendments 
SEC. 2801. REPEAL OF CONSERVATION SECURITY AND CONSERVATION STEWARDSHIP PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), chapter 2 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3838d et seq.) is repealed. (b) T
RANSITIONAL PROVISIONS FOR CONSERVA -
TION STEWARDSHIP PROGRAM .— (1) E
FFECT ON EXISTING CONTRACTS .—The amendment made by this section shall not affect the validity or terms of any contract entered into by the Secretary of Agriculture under sub-chapter B of chapter 2 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3838d et seq.) before the date of enactment of this Act, or any payments required to be made in connec-tion with the contract. (2) N
O RENEWALS .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), the Secretary may not renew a con-tract described in such paragraph. 
SEC. 2802. REPEAL OF TERMINAL LAKES ASSIST-ANCE. 
Section 2507 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–6) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 2803. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D ELINEATION OF WETLANDS ; E XEMP -
TIONS .—Section 1222(j) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3822(j)) is amended by striking ‘‘National Resources Conservation Service’’ and inserting ‘‘Natural Resources Conservation Service’’. (b) D
ELIVERY OF TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— Section 1242 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3842) is amended by striking ‘‘third party’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘third-party’’. (c) A
DMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS FOR CON-
SERVATION PROGRAMS .—Section 1244(b)(4)(B) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844(b)(4)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘General Accounting Office’’ and inserting ‘‘General Ac-countability Office’’. (d) W
ATERSHED PROTECTION AND FLOOD PRE-
VENTION ACT.—Section 5(4) of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1005(4)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘goodwater’’ and inserting ‘‘floodwater’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Health, Edu-cation, and Welfare’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices’’. TITLE III—TRADE Subtitle A—Food for Peace Act 
SEC. 3001. FINDINGS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The United States has long been the world’s largest donor of international food as-sistance. (2) American farmers have been instrumental in the success of United States international food assistance programs by providing an af-fordable, safe, and reliable source of nutritious agricultural commodities. (3) Through the efforts of the United States maritime industry and private voluntary organi-zations, agricultural commodities grown in the United States have been delivered to millions of people in need around the globe. (4) The United States should continue to use its abundant agricultural productivity to pro-mote the foreign policy of the United States by enhancing the food security of the developing world through the timely provision of agricul-tural commodities. 
SEC. 3002. LABELING REQUIREMENTS. 
Subsection (g) of section 202 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1722) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4078 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(g) L ABELING OF ASSISTANCE .—Agricultural commodities and other assistance provided under this title shall, to the extent practicable, be clearly identified with appropriate markings on the package or container of such commodities and food procured outside of the United States, or on printed material that accompanies other assistance, in the language of the locality in which such commodities and other assistance are distributed, as being furnished by the people of the United States of America.’’. 
SEC. 3003. FOOD AID QUALITY ASSURANCE. 
Section 202(h)(3) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1722(h)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3004. LOCAL SALE AND BARTER OF COMMOD-ITIES. 
Section 203 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1723) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘to generate proceeds to be used as provided in this section’’ before the period at the end; (2) by striking subsection (b); and (3) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively. 
SEC. 3005. MINIMUM LEVELS OF ASSISTANCE. 
Section 204(a) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1724(a)) is amended in paragraphs (1) and (2) by striking ‘‘2018’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3006. EXTENSION OF TERMINATION DATE OF FOOD AID CONSULTATIVE GROUP. 
Section 205(f) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1725(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3007. ISSUANCE OF REGULATIONS. 
Section 207(c)(1) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1726a(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Agricultural Act of 2014’’and inserting ‘‘the Ag-riculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 3008. FUNDING FOR PROGRAM OVERSIGHT, MONITORING, AND EVALUATION. 
Section 207(f)(4) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1726a(f)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘$17,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘1.5 percent’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘2018’’ the second place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘chapter 1 of part I of’’. 
SEC. 3009. ASSISTANCE FOR STOCKPILING AND RAPID TRANSPORTATION, DELIVERY, AND DISTRIBUTION OF SHELF-STA-BLE PREPACKAGED FOODS. 
Section 208 the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1726b) is amended— (1) by amending the section heading to read as follows: ‘‘INTERNATIONAL FOOD RELIEF PARTNERSHIP’’; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3010. CONSIDERATION OF IMPACT OF PROVI-SION OF AGRICULTURAL COMMOD-ITIES AND OTHER ASSISTANCE ON LOCAL FARMERS AND ECONOMY. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF ALLMODALITIES .—Section 403(a) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1733(a)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, food procured outside of the United States, food voucher, or cash transfer for food,’’ after ‘‘agricultural commodity’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘in the case of the provision of an agricultural commodity,’’ before ‘‘adequate’’; and (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commodity’’ and inserting ‘‘agricultural commodity or use of the food procured outside of the United States, food vouchers, or cash transfers for food’’. (b) A
VOIDANCE OF DISRUPTIVE IMPACT .—Sec- tion 403(b) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1733(b)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘, food procured outside of the United States, food vouchers, and cash transfers for food’’ after ‘‘agricultural commodities’’; and (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘of sales of agricultural commodities’’. SEC. 3011. PREPOSITIONING OF AGRICULTURAL COMMODITIES. 
Section 407(c)(4)(A) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736a(c)(4)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3012. ANNUAL REPORT REGARDING FOOD AID PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 407(f) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736a(f)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORT REGARDING FOOD AID P
ROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1 of each fiscal year, the Administrator and the Sec-retary shall prepare, either jointly or separately, a report regarding each program and activity carried out under this Act during the prior fis-cal year. If the report for a fiscal year will not be submitted to the appropriate committees of Congress by the date specified in this subpara-graph, the Administrator and the Secretary shall promptly notify such committees about the delay, including the reasons for the delay, the steps being taken to complete the report, and an estimated submission date. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An annual report described in paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to the prior fiscal year, the following: ‘‘(A) A list that contains a description of each country and organization that receives food and other assistance under this Act (including the quantity of food and assistance provided to each country and organization). ‘‘(B) A general description of each project and activity implemented under this Act (including each activity funded through the use of local currencies) and the total number of beneficiaries of the project. ‘‘(C) A statement describing the quantity of agricultural commodities made available to, and the total number of beneficiaries in, each coun-try pursuant to— ‘‘(i) this Act; ‘‘(ii) section 416(b) of the Agricultural Act of 1949 (7 U.S.C. 1431(b)); ‘‘(iii) the Food for Progress Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1736o); and ‘‘(iv) the McGovern-Dole International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program es-tablished by section 3107 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 1736o–1). ‘‘(D) An assessment of the progress made through programs under this Act towards reduc-ing food insecurity in the populations receiving food assistance from the United States. ‘‘(E) A description of efforts undertaken by the Food Aid Consultative Group under section 205 to achieve an integrated and effective food assistance program. ‘‘(F) An assessment of— ‘‘(i) each program oversight, monitoring, and evaluation system implemented under section 207(f); and ‘‘(ii) the impact of each program oversight, monitoring, and evaluation system on the effec-tiveness and efficiency of assistance provided under this title. ‘‘(G) An assessment of the progress made by the Administrator in addressing issues relating to quality with respect to the provision of food assistance. ‘‘(H) A statement of the amount of funds (in-cluding funds for administrative costs, indirect cost recovery, internal transportation, storage and handling, and associated distribution costs) provided to each eligible organization that re-ceived assistance under this Act, that further describes the following: ‘‘(i) How such funds were used by the eligible organization. ‘‘(ii) The actual rate of return for each com-modity made available under this Act, including factors that influenced the rate of return, and, for the commodity, the costs of bagging or fur-ther processing, ocean transportation, inland transportation in the recipient country, storage costs, and any other information that the Ad-ministrator and the Secretary determine to be necessary. ‘‘(iii) For each instance in which a commodity was made available under this Act at a rate of return less than 70 percent, the reasons for the rate of return realized. ‘‘(I) For funds expended for the purposes of section 202(e), 406(b)(6), and 407(c)(1)(B), a de-tailed accounting of the expenditures and pur-poses of such expenditures with respect to each section. ‘‘(3) RATE OF RETURN DESCRIBED .—For pur- poses of applying subparagraph (H), the rate of return for a commodity shall be equal to the proportion that— ‘‘(A) the proceeds the implementing partners generate through monetization; bears to ‘‘(B) the cost to the Federal Government to procure and ship the commodity to a recipient country for monetization.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Subsection (m) of section 403 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1733) is repealed. 
SEC. 3013. DEADLINE FOR AGREEMENTS TO FI-NANCE SALES OR TO PROVIDE OTHER ASSISTANCE. 
Section 408 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736b) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3014. MINIMUM LEVEL OF NONEMERGENCY FOOD ASSISTANCE. 
Subsection (e) of section 412 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736f) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) M
INIMUM LEVEL OF NONEMERGENCY  F
OODASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, not less than $365,000,000 of the amounts made available to carry out emer-gency and nonemergency food assistance pro-grams under title II, nor more than 30 percent of such amounts, shall be expended for non-emergency food assistance programs under such title. ‘‘(2) C
OMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FUNDS .— Funds appropriated each year to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) that are made available through grants or cooperative agreements to strengthen food security in developing countries and that are consistent with section 202(e)(1)(C) may be deemed to be expended on nonemergency food assistance programs for purposes of this section.’’. 
SEC. 3015. TERMINATION DATE FOR MICRO-NUTRIENT FORTIFICATION PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 415(c) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736g–2(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3016. JOHN OGONOWSKI AND DOUG BEREU-TER FARMER-TO-FARMER PROGRAM. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF NATURE OF ASSIST-
ANCE.—Section 501(b)(1) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1737(b)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘technical’’ before ‘‘assistance’’. (b) E
LIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—Section 501(b)(2) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1737(b)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘retired extension staff of the Department of Agriculture,’’ after ‘‘private corporations,’’. (c) A
DDITIONAL PURPOSE .—Section 501(b) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1737(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (5); (2) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (7); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4079 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(6) foster appropriate investments in institu-tional capacity-building and allow longer-term and sequenced assignments and partnerships to provide deeper engagement and greater con-tinuity on such projects; and’’. (d) M
INIMUM FUNDING .—Subsection (d) of sec-tion 501 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1737) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) M
INIMUM FUNDING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in addition to any funds that may be specifically appropriated to carry out this section, not less than the greater of $15,000,000 or 0.6 percent of the amounts made available for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2023, to carry out this Act shall be used to carry out programs under this section, of which— ‘‘(A) not less than 0.2 percent to be used for programs in developing countries; and ‘‘(B) not less than 0.1 percent to be used for programs in sub-Saharan African and Carib-bean Basin countries. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF EXPENDITURES .—Funds used to carry out programs under this section shall be counted towards the minimum level of nonemergency food assistance specified in sec-tion 412(e).’’. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 501(e)(1) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1737(e)(1)) is amended in by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle B—Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 
SEC. 3101. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) United States export development programs significantly increase demand for United States agriculture products within foreign markets, boosting agricultural export volume and overall farm income, and generating a net return of $28 in added export revenue for each invested pro-gram dollar. (2) Our global competitors provide substan-tially more public support for export promotion than is provided to United States agricultural exporters. The Market Access Program and For-eign Market Development Program receive com-bined annual funding of approximately $234,500,000. In comparison, the European Union allocates $255,000,000 annually for the international promotion of wine alone. (3) The preservation and streamlining of United States export market development pro-grams complements the recent reorganization within the Department of Agriculture by ensur-ing the newly established Under Secretary for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs has the tools necessary to enhance the competitiveness of the United States agricultural industry on the global stage. 
SEC. 3102. CONSOLIDATION OF CURRENT PRO-GRAMS AS NEW INTERNATIONAL MARKET DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NTERNATIONAL MARKET DEVELOPMENT  P
ROGRAM .—Section 205 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5625) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 205. INTERNATIONAL MARKET DEVELOP-MENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Secretary and the Commodity Credit Corporation shall estab-lish and carry out a program, to be known as the ‘International Market Development Pro-gram’, to encourage the development, mainte-nance, and expansion of commercial export mar-kets for United States agricultural commodities. ‘‘(b) M
ARKET ACCESS PROGRAM COMPONENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As one of the components of the International Market Development Pro-gram, the Commodity Credit Corporation shall carry out a program to encourage the develop-ment, maintenance, and expansion of commer-cial export markets for United States agricul-tural commodities through cost-share assistance to eligible trade organizations that implement a foreign market development program. ‘‘(2) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE .—Assistance under this subsection may be provided in the form of funds of, or commodities owned by, the Com-modity Credit Corporation, as determined ap-propriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) PARTICIPATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) M
ARKETING PLAN AND OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .—To be eligible for cost-share assistance under this subsection, an eligible trade organi-zation shall— ‘‘(i) prepare and submit a marketing plan to the Secretary that meets the guidelines gov-erning such a marketing plan specified in this paragraph or otherwise established by the Sec-retary; ‘‘(ii) meet any other requirements established by the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) enter into an agreement with the Sec-retary. ‘‘(B) P
URPOSE OF MARKETING PLAN .—A mar- keting plan submitted under this paragraph shall describe the advertising or other market oriented export promotion activities to be carried out by the eligible trade organization with re-spect to which assistance under this subsection is being requested. ‘‘(C) S
PECIFIC ELEMENTS .—To be approved by the Secretary, a marketing plan submitted under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) specifically describe the manner in which assistance received by the eligible trade organi-zation, in conjunction with funds and services provided by the eligible trade organization, will be expended in implementing the marketing plan; ‘‘(ii) establish specific market goals to be achieved under the marketing plan; and ‘‘(iii) contain whatever additional require-ments are determined by the Secretary to be nec-essary. ‘‘(D) B
RANDED PROMOTION .—A marketing plan approved by the Secretary may provide for the use of branded advertising to promote the sale of United States agricultural commodities in a foreign country under such terms and condi-tions as may be established by the Secretary. ‘‘(E) A
MENDMENTS .—An approved marketing plan may be amended by the eligible trade orga-nization at any time, subject to the approval by the Secretary of the amendments. ‘‘(4) L
EVEL OF ASSISTANCE AND COST -SHARE RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall justify in writing the level of assistance to be provided to an eligible trade organization under this sub-section and the level of cost sharing required of the organization. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON BRANDED PROMOTION .— Assistance provided under this subsection for activities described in paragraph (3)(D) shall not exceed 50 percent of the cost of imple-menting the marketing plan, except that the Secretary may determine not to apply such limi-tation in the case of United States agricultural commodities with respect to which there has been a favorable decision by the United States Trade Representative under section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2411). Criteria used by the Secretary for determining that the limita-tion shall not apply shall be consistent and doc-umented. ‘‘(5) O
THER TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— ‘‘(A) M
ULTI-YEAR BASIS .—The Secretary may provide assistance under this subsection on a multi-year basis, subject to annual review by the Secretary for compliance with the approved marketing plan. ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE .—The Sec- retary may terminate any assistance made, or to be made, available under this subsection if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) the eligible trade organization is not ad-hering to the terms and conditions applicable to the provision of the assistance; ‘‘(ii) the eligible trade organization is not im-plementing the approved marketing plan or is not adequately meeting the established goals of the plan; ‘‘(iii) the eligible trade organization is not adequately contributing its own resources to the implementation of the plan; or ‘‘(iv) the Secretary determines that termi-nation of assistance in a particular instance is in the best interests of the program. ‘‘(C) EVALUATIONS .—Beginning not later than 15 months after the initial provision of assist-ance under this subsection to an eligible trade organization, the Secretary shall monitor the ex-penditures by the eligible trade organization of such assistance, including the following: ‘‘(i) An evaluation of the effectiveness of the marketing plan of the eligible trade organization in developing or maintaining markets for United States agricultural commodities. ‘‘(ii) An evaluation of whether assistance pro-vided under this subsection is necessary to maintain such markets. ‘‘(iii) A thorough accounting of the expendi-ture by the eligible trade organization of the as-sistance provided under this subsection. ‘‘(6) R
ESTRICTIONS ON USE OF FUNDS .—Assist- ance provided under this subsection to an eligi-ble trade organization shall not be used— ‘‘(A) to provide direct assistance to any for-eign for-profit corporation for the corporation’s use in promoting foreign-produced products; or ‘‘(B) to provide direct assistance to any for- profit corporation that is not recognized as a small business concern, excluding a cooperative, an association described in the first section of the Act entitled ‘An Act To authorize associa-tion of producers of agricultural products’, ap-proved February 18, 1922 (7 U.S.C. 291), or a nonprofit trade association. ‘‘(7) P
ERMISSIVE USE OF FUNDS .—Assistance provided under this subsection to a United States agricultural trade association, coopera-tive, or small business may be used for indi-vidual branded promotional activity related to a United States branded product, if the bene-ficiaries of the activity have provided funds for the activity in an amount that is at least equiv-alent to the amount of assistance provided under this subsection. ‘‘(8) P
ROGRAM CONSIDERATIONS AND PRIOR -
ITIES.—In providing assistance under this sub-section, the Secretary, to the maximum extent practicable, shall— ‘‘(A) give equal consideration to— ‘‘(i) proposals submitted by organizations that were participating organizations in prior fiscal years; and ‘‘(ii) proposals submitted by eligible trade or-ganizations that have not previously partici-pated in the program established under this title; ‘‘(B) give equal consideration to— ‘‘(i) proposals submitted for activities in emerging markets; and ‘‘(ii) proposals submitted for activities in mar-kets other than emerging markets. ‘‘(9) P
RIORITY .—In providing assistance for branded promotion, the Secretary should give priority to small-sized entities. ‘‘(10) C
ONTRIBUTION LEVEL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary should re-quire a minimum contribution level of 10 percent from an eligible trade organization that receives assistance for nonbranded promotion. ‘‘(B) I
NCREASES IN CONTRIBUTION LEVEL .—The Secretary may increase the contribution level in any subsequent year that an eligible trade orga-nization receives assistance for nonbranded pro-motion. ‘‘(11) A
DDITIONALITY .—The Secretary should require each participant in the program to cer-tify that any Federal funds received supple-ment, but do not supplant, private or third party participant funds or other contributions to program activities. ‘‘(12) I
NDEPENDENT AUDITS .—If as a result of an evaluation or audit of activities of a partici-pant under the program, the Secretary deter-mines that a further review is justified in order to ensure compliance with the requirements of the program, the Secretary should require the participant to contract for an independent audit of the program activities, including activities of any subcontractor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4080 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(13) T OBACCO .—No funds made available under the market promotion program may be used for activities to develop, maintain, or ex-pand foreign markets for tobacco. ‘‘(c) F
OREIGN MARKET DEVELOPMENT COOP-
ERATOR COMPONENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As one of the components of the International Market Development Pro-gram, the Secretary shall carry out a foreign market development cooperator program to maintain and develop foreign markets for United States agricultural commodities. ‘‘(2) C
OOPERATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the foreign market development cooperator program in cooperation with eligible trade orga-nizations. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATION .—Funds made available to carry out the foreign market development co-operator program shall be used only to provide— ‘‘(A) cost-share assistance to an eligible trade organization under a contract or agreement with the organization; and ‘‘(B) assistance for other costs that are nec-essary or appropriate to carry out the foreign market development cooperator program, includ-ing contingent liabilities that are not otherwise funded. ‘‘(4) P
ROGRAM CONSIDERATIONS .—In providing assistance under this subsection, the Secretary, to the maximum extent practicable, shall— ‘‘(A) give equal consideration to— ‘‘(i) proposals submitted by eligible trade orga-nizations that were participating organizations in the foreign market development cooperator program in prior fiscal years; and ‘‘(ii) proposals submitted by eligible trade or-ganizations that have not previously partici-pated in the foreign market development coop-erator program; and ‘‘(B) give equal consideration to— ‘‘(i) proposals submitted for activities in emerging markets; and ‘‘(ii) proposals submitted for activities in mar-kets other than emerging markets. ‘‘(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR SPECIALTY  C
ROPS COMPONENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As one of the components of the International Market Development Pro-gram, the Secretary shall carry out an export assistance program to address existing or poten-tial barriers that prohibit or threaten the export of United States specialty crops. ‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The export assistance program required by this subsection shall provide direct assistance through public and private sector projects and technical assistance to remove, re-solve, or mitigate existing or potential sanitary and phytosanitary and technical barriers to trade. ‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—The export assistance pro-gram required by this subsection shall address time sensitive and strategic market access projects based on— ‘‘(A) trade effect on market retention, market access, and market expansion; and ‘‘(B) trade impact. ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress an annual report that contains, for the pe-riod covered by the report, a description of each factor that affects the export of specialty crops, including each factor relating to any significant sanitary or phytosanitary issue or trade barrier. ‘‘(e) E. (K
IKA) DELAGARZA EMERGING MAR-
KETS PROGRAM COMPONENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Sec- retary, in order to develop, maintain, or expand export markets for United States agricultural commodities, is directed— ‘‘(i) to make available to emerging markets the expertise of the United States to make assess-ments of the food and rural business systems needs of such emerging markets; ‘‘(ii) to make recommendations on measures necessary to enhance the effectiveness of the systems, including potential reductions in trade barriers; and ‘‘(iii) to identify and carry out specific oppor-tunities and projects to enhance the effective-ness of those systems. ‘‘(B) EXTENT OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall implement this paragraph with respect to at least 3 emerging markets in each fiscal year. ‘‘(2) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PROGRAM .—The Sec- retary may implement the requirements of para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) by providing assistance to teams con-sisting primarily of agricultural consultants, farmers, other persons from the private sector and government officials expert in assessing the food and rural business systems of other coun-tries to enable such teams to conduct the assess-ments, make the recommendations, and identify the opportunities and projects specified in such paragraph in emerging markets; and ‘‘(B) by providing for necessary subsistence and transportation expenses of— ‘‘(i) United States food and rural business sys-tem experts, including United States agricul-tural producers and other United States individ-uals knowledgeable in agricultural and agri-business matters, to enable such United States food and rural business system experts to assist in transferring knowledge and expertise to enti-ties in emerging markets; and ‘‘(ii) individuals designated by emerging mar-kets to enable such designated individuals to consult with such United States experts to en-hance food and rural business systems of such emerging markets and to transfer knowledge and expertise to such emerging markets. ‘‘(3) C
OST-SHARING .—The Secretary shall en-courage the nongovernmental experts described in paragraph (2) to share the costs of, and oth-erwise assist in, the participation of such ex-perts in the program under this paragraph. ‘‘(4) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary is authorized to provide, or pay the necessary costs for, technical assistance (including the es-tablishment of extension services) necessary to enhance the effectiveness of food and rural business systems needs of emerging markets, in-cluding potential reductions in trade barriers. ‘‘(5) R
EPORTS TO SECRETARY .—A team that re-ceives assistance under paragraph (2) shall pre-pare such reports with respect to the use of such assistance as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE TRADE ORGANIZATION .— ‘‘(A) M
ARKET ACCESS PROGRAM COMPONENT .— In subsection (b), the term ‘eligible trade organi-zation’ means— ‘‘(i) a United States agricultural trade organi-zation or regional State-related organization that promotes the export and sale of United States agricultural commodities and that does not stand to profit directly from specific sales of United States agricultural commodities; ‘‘(ii) a cooperative organization or State agen-cy that promotes the sale of United States agri-cultural commodities; or ‘‘(iii) a private organization that promotes the export and sale of United States agricultural commodities if the Secretary determines that such organization would significantly con-tribute to United States export market develop-ment. ‘‘(B) F
OREIGN MARKET DEVELOPMENT COOP -
ERATOR COMPONENT .—In subsection (c), the term ‘eligible trade organization’’ means a United States trade organization that— ‘‘(i) promotes the export of one or more United States agricultural commodities; and ‘‘(ii) does not have a business interest in or re-ceive remuneration from specific sales of United States agricultural commodities. ‘‘(2) E
MERGING MARKET .—The term ‘emerging market’ means any country that the Secretary determines— ‘‘(A) is taking steps toward a market-oriented economy through the food, agriculture, or rural business sectors of the economy of the country; and ‘‘(B) has the potential to provide a viable and significant market for United States agricultural commodities. ‘‘(3) SMALL -BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term ‘small-business concern’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)). ‘‘(4) U
NITED STATES AGRICULTURAL COM -
MODITY .—The term ‘United States agricultural commodity’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Agriculture Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5602) and includes commodities that are organically produced (as defined in section 2103 of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6502)).’’. (b) F
UNDING PROVISION .—Subsection (c) of section 211 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5641) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) I
NTERNATIONAL MARKET DEVELOPMENT  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall make available for the International Market De-velopment Program under section 205 $255,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023. Such amounts shall remain avail-able until expended. ‘‘(2) S
ET-ASIDES .— ‘‘(A) M
ARKET ACCESS PROGRAM COMPONENT .— Of the funds made available under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year, not less than $200,000,000 shall be used for the market access program component of the International Market Develop-ment Program under subsection (b) of section 205. ‘‘(B) F
OREIGN MARKET DEVELOPMENT COOP -
ERATOR COMPONENT .—Of the funds made avail-able under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year, not less than $34,500,000 shall be used for the foreign market development cooperator component of the International Market Development Program under subsection (c) of section 205. ‘‘(C) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR SPECIALTY  
CROPS COMPONENT .—Of the funds made avail-able under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year, not more than $9,000,000, shall be used for the spe-cialty crops component of the International Market Development Program under subsection (d) of section 205. ‘‘(D) A
GRICULTURAL EXPORTS TO EMERGING  
MARKETS COMPONENT .—Of the funds made available under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year, not more than $10,000,000 shall be used to pro-mote agricultural exports to emerging markets under the International Market Development Program under subsection (e) of section 205.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED PROGRAMS .— (1) M
ARKET ACCESS PROGRAM .—Section 203 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5623) is repealed. (2) P
ROMOTIONAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 1302 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 is repealed. (3) F
OREIGN MARKET DEVELOPMENT COOP -
ERATOR PROGRAM .—Title VII of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5721–5723) is re-pealed. (4) E
XPORT ASSISTANCE PROGRAM FOR SPE -
CIALTY CROPS .—Section 3205 of the Farm Secu-rity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 5680) is repealed. (5) E
MERGING MARKETS PROGRAM .—Section 1542 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5622 note; Public Law 101–624) is amended by striking subsection (d) and by redesignating subsection (e) and (f) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) A
GRICULTURAL TRADE ACT OF 1978 .—The Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 is amended— (A) in section 202 (7 U.S.C. 5622), by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) C
OMBINATION OF PROGRAMS .—The Com- modity Credit Corporation may carry out a pro-gram under which commercial export credit guarantees available under this section are com-bined with direct credits from the Commodity Credit Corporation under section 201 to reduce the effective rate of interest on export sales of United States agricultural commodities.’’; and (B) in section 402(a)(1) (7 U.S.C. 5662(a)(1)), by striking ‘‘203’’ and inserting ‘‘205(b)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4081 May 16, 2018 
(2) A GRICULTURAL MARKETING ACT OF 1946 .— Section 282(f)(2)(C) of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1638a(f)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 203 of the Agricul-tural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5623)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 205 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978’’. (3) F
OOD, AGRICULTURE , CONSERVATION , AND 
TRADE ACT OF 1990 .—Section 1543(b)(5) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 3293(b)(5)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘1542(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘1542(e)’’. Subtitle C—Other Agricultural Trade Laws 
SEC. 3201. LOCAL AND REGIONAL FOOD AID PRO-CUREMENT PROJECTS. 
Section 3206(e)(1) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 1726c(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3202. PROMOTION OF AGRICULTURAL EX-PORTS TO EMERGING MARKETS. 
Section 1542(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5622 note; Public Law 101–624) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3203. BILL EMERSON HUMANITARIAN TRUST ACT. 
Section 302 of the Bill Emerson Humanitarian Trust Act (7 U.S.C. 1736f–1) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3204. FOOD FOR PROGRESS ACT OF 1985. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1110 of the Food Se-curity Act of 1985 (also known as the Food for Progress Act of 1985; 7 U.S.C. 1736o) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (f)(3), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (3) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (4) in subsection (l)(1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Section 1110(b)(5) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (also known as the Food for Progress Act of 1985; 7 U.S.C. 1736o(b)(5)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-graph (E); (2) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as sub-paragraph (G); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) a college or university (as such terms are defined in section 1404(4) of the Food and Agri-culture Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103(4)); and’’. (c) P
RIVATE VOLUNTARY ORGANIZATIONS AND  O
THER PRIVATE ENTITIES .—Section 1110(o) of the Food Security Act of 1985 is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘(F)’’ and inserting ‘‘(G)’’. 
SEC. 3205. MCGOVERN-DOLE INTERNATIONAL FOOD FOR EDUCATION AND CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAM. 
(a) C ONSIDERATION OF PROPOSALS .—Section 3107(f)(1)(B) of the Farm Security and Rural In-vestment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 1736o–1(f)(1)(B)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘and, to the extent practicable, that assistance will be provided on a timely basis so as to coincide with the beginning of and when needed during the relevant school year’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 3107(l)(2) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 1736o–1(l)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3206. COCHRAN FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORIZED LOCATIONS FOR TRAINING .— Section 1543(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 3293(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘for study in the United States.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘for study— ‘‘(1) in the United States; or ‘‘(2) at a college or university located in an el-igible country that the Secretary determines— ‘‘(A) has sufficient scientific and technical fa-cilities; ‘‘(B) has established a partnership with at least one college or university in the United States; and ‘‘(C) has substantial participation by faculty members of the United States college or univer-sity in the design of the fellowship curriculum and classroom instruction under the fellow-ship.’’. (b) FELLOWSHIP PURPOSES .—Section 1543(c)(2) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 3293(c)(2)) is amend-ed by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including trade linkages involving regulatory systems governing sanitary and phyto-sanitary standards for agricultural prod-ucts’’. 
SEC. 3207. BORLAUG FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. 
Section 1473G of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3319j) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 1473G. BORLAUG INTERNATIONAL AGRI-CULTURAL SCIENCE AND TECH-NOLOGY FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) F ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a fellowship program, to be known as the ‘Borlaug International Agricultural Science and Technology Fellowship Program’. ‘‘(2) F
ELLOWSHIPS TO INDIVIDUALS FROM ELIGI -
BLE COUNTRIES .—As part of the fellowship pro-gram, the Secretary shall provide fellowships to individuals from eligible countries as described in subsection (b) who specialize in agricultural education, research, and extension for scientific training and study designed to assist individual fellowship recipients, including the following 3 programs: ‘‘(A) A graduate studies program in agri-culture to assist individuals who participate in graduate agricultural degree training at a United States institution. ‘‘(B) An individual career improvement pro-gram to assist agricultural scientists from devel-oping countries in upgrading skills and under-standing in agricultural science and technology. ‘‘(C) A Borlaug agricultural policy executive leadership course to assist senior agricultural policy makers from eligible countries, with an initial focus on individuals from sub-Saharan Africa and the independent states of the former Soviet Union. ‘‘(3) F
ELLOWSHIPS TO UNITED STATES CITI -
ZENS.—As part of the fellowship program, the Secretary shall provide fellowships to citizens of the United States to assist eligible countries in developing school-based agricultural education and youth extension programs. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE COUNTRY DESCRIBED .—For pur- poses of this section, an eligible country is a de-veloping country, as determined by the Sec-retary using a gross national income per capita test selected by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE OF FELLOWSHIPS .— ‘‘(1) F
ELLOWSHIPS TO INDIVIDUALS FROM ELIGI -
BLE COUNTRIES .—A fellowship provided under subsection (a)(2) shall— ‘‘(A) promote food security and economic growth in eligible countries by— ‘‘(i) educating a new generation of agricul-tural scientists; ‘‘(ii) increasing scientific knowledge and col-laborative research to improve agricultural pro-ductivity; and ‘‘(iii) extending that knowledge to users and intermediaries in the marketplace; and ‘‘(B) support— ‘‘(i) training and collaborative research oppor-tunities through exchanges for entry level inter-national agricultural research scientists, fac-ulty, and policymakers from eligible countries; ‘‘(ii) collaborative research to improve agricul-tural productivity; ‘‘(iii) the transfer of new science and agricul-tural technologies to strengthen agricultural practice; and ‘‘(iv) the reduction of barriers to technology adoption. ‘‘(2) FELLOWSHIPS TO UNITED STATES CITI -
ZENS.—A fellowship provided under subsection (a)(3) shall— ‘‘(A) develop globally minded United States agriculturists with experience living abroad; ‘‘(B) focus on meeting the food and fiber needs of the domestic population of eligible countries; and ‘‘(C) strengthen and enhance trade linkages between eligible countries and the United States agricultural industry. ‘‘(d) F
ELLOWSHIP RECIPIENTS .— ‘‘(1) F
ELLOWSHIPS TO INDIVIDUALS FROM ELIGI -
BLE COUNTRIES .— ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE CANDIDATES .—The Secretary may provide fellowships under subsection (a)(2) to individuals from eligible countries who spe-cialize or have experience in agricultural edu-cation, research, extension, or related fields, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) individuals from the public and private sectors; and ‘‘(ii) private agricultural producers. ‘‘(B) C
ANDIDATE IDENTIFICATION .—For fellow-ships under subsection (a)(2), the Secretary shall use the expertise of United States land- grant colleges and universities and similar uni-versities, international organizations working in agricultural research and outreach, and na-tional agricultural research organizations to help identify program candidates for fellowships from the public and private sectors of eligible countries. ‘‘(C) L
OCATION OF TRAINING .—The scientific training or study of fellowship recipients under subsection (a)(2) shall occur— ‘‘(i) in the United States; or ‘‘(ii) at a college or university located in an el-igible country that the Secretary determines— ‘‘(I) has sufficient scientific and technical fa-cilities; ‘‘(II) has established a partnership with at least one college or university in the United States; and ‘‘(III) has substantial participation by faculty members of the United States college or univer-sity in the design of the fellowship curriculum and classroom instruction under the fellowship. ‘‘(2) F
ELLOWSHIPS TO UNITED STATES CITI -
ZENS.— ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE CANDIDATES .—The Secretary may provide fellowships under subsection (a)(3) to citizens of the United States who— ‘‘(i) hold at least a bachelors degree in an ag-ricultural related field of study; and ‘‘(ii) have an understanding of United States school-based agricultural education and youth extension programs, as determined by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(B) C
ANDIDATE IDENTIFICATION .—For fellow-ships under subsection (a)(3), the Secretary shall consult with the National FFA Organiza-tion, the National 4–H Council, and other enti-ties as the Secretary deems appropriate to iden-tify candidates for fellowships. ‘‘(e) P
ROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec- retary shall provide for the management, coordi-nation, evaluation, and monitoring of the Borlaug International Agricultural Science and Technology Fellowship Program and for the in-dividual programs described in subsection (a), except that— ‘‘(1) the Secretary may contract out to 1 or more collaborating universities the management of 1 or more of the fellowship programs under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(2) the Secretary may contract out the man-agement of the fellowship program under sub-section (a)(3) to an outside organization with experience in implementing fellowship programs focused on building capacity for school-based 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4082 May 16, 2018 
agricultural education and youth extension pro-grams in developing countries. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated $6,000,000 to carry out this section. ‘‘(2) S
ET-ASIDES .—Of any funds made avail-able pursuant to paragraph (1), not less than $2,800,000 shall be used to carry out the fellow-ship program for individuals from eligible coun-tries under subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(3) D
URATION .—Any funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1) shall remain avail-able until expended.’’. 
SEC. 3208. GLOBAL CROP DIVERSITY TRUST. 
(a) U NITED STATES CONTRIBUTION LIMIT.— Section 3202(b) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (22 U.S.C. 2220a note; Public Law 110–246(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘25 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘33 percent’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 3202(c) of the Food, Conservation, and En-ergy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 22 U.S.C. 2220a note) is amended by striking ‘‘for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 3209. GROWING AMERICAN FOOD EXPORTS ACT OF 2018. 
Section 1543A of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5679) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1543A. BIOTECHNOLOGY AND AGRICUL-TURAL TRADE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department of Agriculture a program to be known as the ‘Biotechnology and Agricultural Trade Program’. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the program established under this section shall be to re-move, resolve, or mitigate significant regulatory nontariff barriers to the export of United States agricultural commodities into foreign markets through policy advocacy and targeted projects that address— ‘‘(1) issues relating to United States agricul-tural commodities produced with the use of bio-technology or new agricultural production tech-nologies; ‘‘(2) advocacy for science-based regulation in foreign markets of biotechnology or new agricul-tural production technologies; or ‘‘(3) quick-response intervention regarding non-tariff barriers to United States exports pro-duced through biotechnology or new agricul-tural production technologies. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROGRAMS .—Depending on need, as determined by the Secretary, activities authorized under this section may be carried out through— ‘‘(1) this section; ‘‘(2) the emerging markets program under sec-tion 1542; or ‘‘(3) the Cochran Fellowship Program under section 1543.’’. TITLE IV—NUTRITION Subtitle A—Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program 
SEC. 4001. DUPLICATIVE ENROLLMENT DATA-BASE. 
(a) E XPANSION OF THE DUPLICATIVE ENROLL -
MENT DATABASE .—The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 30. DUPLICATIVE ENROLLMENT DATABASE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish an interstate database, or system of data-bases, of supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram information to be known as the Duplica-tive Enrollment Database that shall include the data submitted by each State pursuant to sec-tion 11(e)(26) and that shall meet security stand-ards as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—Any database, or system of databases, established pursuant to subsection (a) shall be used by States when making eligi-bility determinations to prevent supplemental nutrition assistance program participants from receiving duplicative benefits in multiple States. ‘‘(c) IMPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) I
SSUANCE OF INTERIM FINAL REGULA -
TIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the effec-tive date of this section, the Secretary shall issue interim final regulations to carry out this section that— ‘‘(A) incorporate best practices and lessons learned from the regional pilot project ref-erenced in section 4032(c) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 2036c(c)); ‘‘(B) protect the privacy of supplemental nu-trition assistance program participants and ap-plicants consistent with section 11(e)(8); and ‘‘(C) detail the process States will be required to follow for— ‘‘(i) conducting initial and ongoing matches of participant and applicant data; ‘‘(ii) identifying and acting on all apparent instances of duplicative participation by partici-pants or applicants in multiple States; ‘‘(iii) disenrolling an individual who has ap-plied to participate in another State in a man-ner sufficient to allow the State in which the in-dividual is currently applying to comply with sections 11(e)(3) and (9); and ‘‘(iv) complying with such other rules and standards the Secretary determines appropriate to carry out this section. ‘‘(2) T
IMING .—The initial match and cor-responding actions required by paragraph (1)(C) shall occur within 3 years after the date of the enactment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .—Using the data submitted to the Duplicative Enrollment Database, the Sec-retary shall publish an annual report analyzing supplemental nutrition assistance program par-ticipant characteristics, including participant tenure on the program. The report shall be made available to the public in a manner that pre-vents identification of participants that receive supplemental nutrition assistance program bene-fits.’’. (b) S
TATE DATACOLLECTION AND SUBMISSION  R
EQUIREMENTS .—Section 11(e) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020(e)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (24) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (2) in paragraph (25) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(26) that the State agency shall collect and submit supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram data to the Duplicative Enrollment Data-base established in section 30, in accordance with guidance or rules issued by the Secretary establishing a uniform method and format for the collection and submission of data, including for each member of a participating household— ‘‘(A) the social security number or the social security number substitute; ‘‘(B) the employment status of such member; ‘‘(C) the amount of income and whether that income is earned or unearned; ‘‘(D) that member’s portion of the household monthly allotment, and ‘‘(E) the portion of the aggregate value of household assets attributed to that member.’’. 
SEC. 4002. RETAILER-FUNDED INCENTIVES PILOT. 
The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), as amended by section 4001, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 31. RETAILER-FUNDED INCENTIVES PILOT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a pilot project in accordance with sub-section (d) through which participating retail food stores provide bonuses to participating households based on household purchases of fruits, vegetables, and fluid milk. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) The term ‘bonus’ means a financial in-centive provided at the point of sale to a partici-pating household that expends a portion of its allotment for the purchase of fruits, vegetables, or fluid milk. ‘‘(2) The term ‘fluid milk’ means cow milk without flavoring or sweeteners and packaged in liquid form. ‘‘(3) The term ‘fruits’ means minimally proc-essed fruits. ‘‘(4) The term ‘retail food store’ means a retail food store as defined in section 3(o)(1) that is authorized to accept and redeem benefits under the supplemental nutrition assistance program. ‘‘(5) The term ‘vegetables’ means minimally processed vegetables. ‘‘(c) PROJECT PARTICIPANT PLANS.—To par- ticipate in the pilot project established under subsection (a), a retail food store shall submit to the Secretary for approval a plan that in-cludes— ‘‘(1) a method of quantifying the cost of fruits, vegetables, and fluid milk, that will earn house-holds a bonus; ‘‘(2) a method of providing bonuses to partici-pating households and adequately testing such method; ‘‘(3) a method of ensuring bonuses earned by households may be used only to purchase food eligible for purchase under the supplemental nu-trition assistance program; ‘‘(4) a method of educating participating households about the availability and use of a bonus; ‘‘(5) a method of providing data and reports, as requested by the Secretary, for purposes of analyzing the impact of the pilot project estab-lished under subsection (a) on household access, ease of bonus use, and program integrity; and ‘‘(6) such other criteria, including security cri-teria, as established by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) P
ILOT PROJECT REQUIREMENTS .—Retail food stores with plans approved under sub-section (c) to participate in the pilot project es-tablished under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) provide a bonus in a dollar amount not to exceed 10 percent of the price of the purchased fruits, vegetables, and fluid milk; ‘‘(2) fund the dollar amount of bonuses used by households, and pay for administrative costs, such as fees and system costs, associated with providing such bonuses; ‘‘(3) ensure that bonuses earned by house-holds may be used only to purchase food eligible for purchase under the supplemental nutrition assistance program; and ‘‘(4) provide data and reports as requested by the Secretary for purposes of analyzing the im-pact of the pilot project established under sub-section (a) on household access, ease of bonus use, and program integrity. ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION .—A retail food store partici-pating in a project under section 4405 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 7517) shall not be eligible to participate in the pilot project established under subsection (a). ‘‘(f) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of Agri-culture and Nutrition Act of 2018, the Secretary shall solicit and approve plans submitted under subsection (c) that satisfy the requirements of such subsection. ‘‘(g) R
EIMBURSEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) R
ATE OF REIMBURSEMENT .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the Secretary shall reim-burse retail food stores with plans approved under subsection (f) in an amount not to exceed 25 percent of the dollar value of bonuses earned by households and used to purchase food eligi-ble for purchase under the supplemental nutri-tion assistance program. ‘‘(2) A
GGREGATE AMOUNT OF REIMBURSE -
MENTS .—The aggregate amount of reimburse-ments paid in a fiscal year to all retail food stores that participate in the pilot project estab-lished under subsection (a) in such fiscal year shall not exceed $120,000,000. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) T
IMELINE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Agriculture and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4083 May 16, 2018 
Nutrition Act of 2018, the Secretary shall estab-lish requirements to implement this section, in-cluding criteria for prioritizing reimbursements to such stores within the limit established in paragraph (2) and subject to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REIMBURSEMENTS .— ‘‘(i) M
ONTHLY PAYMENTS .—Reimbursements payable under this subsection shall be paid on a monthly basis. ‘‘(ii) P
RORATED PAYMENTS .—If funds made available under subsection (h) are insufficient to pay in full reimbursements payable for a month because of the operation of paragraph (2), such reimbursements shall be paid on a pro rata basis to the extent funds remain available for payment. ‘‘(h) F
UNDING .—From funds made available under section 18(a)(1) for a fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall allocate not to exceed $120,000,000 for reimbursements payable under this section for such fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 4003. GUS SCHUMACHER FOOD INSECURITY NUTRITION INCENTIVE PROGRAM. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 4405 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 7517) is amended— (1) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘ Gus Schumacher Food Insecurity Nutrition Incen-tive Program’’, (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii)— (I) in subclause (II) by inserting ‘‘financial’’ after ‘‘providing’’, (II) by amending subclause (III) to read as follows: ‘‘(III) has adequate plans to collect data for reporting and agrees to participate in a program evaluation; and’’. (III) in subclause (IV) by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a period, and (IV) by striking subclause (V), and (ii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) P
RIORITIES .—In awarding grants under this section— ‘‘(i) the Secretary shall give priority to projects that— ‘‘(I) maximize the share of funds used for di-rect incentives to participants; ‘‘(II) include coordination with multiple stakeholders, such as farm organizations, nutri-tion education programs, cooperative extension service programs, public health departments, health providers, private and public health in-surance agencies, cooperative grocers, grocery associations, and community-based and non- governmental organizations; ‘‘(III) have the capacity to generate sufficient data and analysis to demonstrate effectiveness of program incentives; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary may also give priority to projects that— ‘‘(I) are located in underserved communities; ‘‘(II) use direct-to-consumer sales marketing; ‘‘(III) demonstrate a track record of designing and implementing successful nutrition incentive programs that connect low-income consumers and agricultural producers; ‘‘(IV) provide locally or regionally produced fruits and vegetables; ‘‘(V) offer supplemental services in high-need communities, including online ordering, trans-portation between home and store, and delivery services; ‘‘(VI) provide year-round access to program incentives; and ‘‘(VII) address other criteria as established by the Secretary.’’, (B) by amending paragraph (4) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(4) T
RAINING , EVALUATION , AND INFORMATION  
CENTER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Director of the National Institute of Food and Agriculture, shall establish a Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive Program Train-ing, Evaluation, and Information Center capa-ble of providing services related to grants under subsection (b), including— ‘‘(i) offering incentive program training and technical assistance to applicants and grantees to the extent practicable; ‘‘(ii) collecting, evaluating, and sharing infor-mation on best practices on common incentive activities; ‘‘(iii) assisting with collaboration among grantee projects, State agencies, and nutrition education programs; ‘‘(iv) facilitating communication between grantees and the Department of Agriculture; and ‘‘(v) compiling program data from grantees and generating an annual report to Congress on grant outcomes. ‘‘(B) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—To carry out subparagraph (A), the Secretary may enter into a cooperative agreement with an organization with expertise in the supplemental nutrition as-sistance program incentive programs, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) nongovernmental organizations; ‘‘(ii) State cooperative extension services; ‘‘(iii) regional food system centers; ‘‘(iv) Federal and State agencies; ‘‘(v) public, private, and land-grant colleges and universities; and ‘‘(vi) other appropriate entities as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) F
UNDING LIMITATION .—Of the funds made available under subsection (c), the Sec-retary may use to carry out this paragraph not more than— ‘‘(i) $2,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 and 2020, and ‘‘(ii) $1,000,000 for each fiscal year there-after.’’, and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’, and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (C) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘;’’, and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) $45,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(F) $55,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(G) $60,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(H) $65,000,000 for fiscal year 2023 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 is amended by striking the item relating to section 4405 by inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 4405. Gus Schumacher food insecurity nu-trition incentive program.’’. 
SEC. 4004. RE-EVALUATION OF THRIFTY FOOD PLAN. 
Section 3(u) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012(u)) is amended by inserting after the 1st sentence the following: ‘‘By 2022 and at 5-year intervals thereafter, the Secretary shall re-evaluate and publish the mar-ket baskets of the thrifty food plan based on current food prices, food composition data, and consumption patterns.’’. 
SEC. 4005. FOOD DISTRIBUTION PROGRAMS ON INDIAN RESERVATIONS. 
Section 4(b) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2013(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (6)— (A) in the heading by striking ‘‘
LOCALLY - 
GROWN ’’ and inserting ‘‘ LOCALLY - AND REGION -
ALLY-GROWN ’’, (B) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘locally- grown’’ and inserting ‘‘locally- and regionally- grown’’, (C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘
LOCALLY GROWN ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘
LOCALLY - AND REGIONALLY -GROWN ’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘locally-grown’’ and inserting ‘‘locally- and regionally-grown’’, (D) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D) PURCHASE OF FOODS .—In carrying out this paragraph, the Secretary shall purchase or offer to purchase those traditional foods that may be procured cost-effectively.’’; (E) by striking subparagraph (E), and (F) in subparagraph (F)— (i) by striking ‘‘(F)’’ and inserting ‘‘(E)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) F
UNDS AVAILABILITY .—Funds made avail-able for a fiscal year to carry out this subsection shall remain available for obligation for a period of 2 fiscal years.’’. 
SEC. 4006. UPDATE TO CATEGORICAL ELIGI-BILITY. 
Section 5 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014) is amended— (1) in the 2d sentence of subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘receives benefits’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(1) receives cash assistance or ongoing and substantial services’’, (B) by striking ‘‘supplemental security’’ and inserting ‘‘with an income eligibility limit of not more than 130 percent of the poverty line as de-fined in section 5(c)(1), (2) is elderly or disabled and receives cash assistance or ongoing and substantial services under a State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) with an income eligibility limit of not more than 200 percent of the poverty line as defined in section 5(c)(1), (3) receives supplemental security’’, and (C) by striking ‘‘or aid’’ and inserting ‘‘or (4) receives aid’’, and (2) in subsection (j)— (A) by striking ‘‘or who receives benefits’’ and inserting ‘‘cash assistance or ongoing and sub-stantial services’’ and (B) by striking ‘‘to have’’ and inserting ‘‘with an income eligibility limit of not more than 130 percent of the poverty line as defined in section 5(c)(1), or who is elderly or disabled and receives cash assistance or ongoing and substantial serv-ices under a State program funded under part A of title IV of the Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) with an income eligibility limit of not more than 200 percent of the poverty line as defined in section 5(c)(1), to have’’. 
SEC. 4007. BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING. 
(a) E XCLUSION OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR  H
OUSING .—Section 5(d) of the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (18) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (2) in paragraph (19)(B) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(20) the value of an allowance received under section 403 of title 37 of the United States Code that does not exceed $500 monthly.’’. (b) U
PDATE TO EXCESS SHELTER EXPENSE DE-
DUCTION .—Section 5(e)(6)(A) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(e)(6)(A)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except that for a household that receives the allowance under section 403 of title 37, United States Code, only the expenses in excess of that allowance shall be counted towards a house-hold’s expenses for the calculation of the excess shelter deduction’’. 
SEC. 4008. EARNED INCOME DEDUCTION. 
Section 5(e)(2)(B) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(e)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘20’’ and inserting ‘‘22’’. 
SEC. 4009. SIMPLIFIED HOMELESS HOUSING COSTS. 
Section 5(e)(6)(D) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(e)(6)(D)) is amended— (1) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and (2) by striking clause (i) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) A
LTERNATIVE DEDUCTION .—The State agency shall allow a deduction of $143 a month for households— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4084 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(I) in which all members are homeless indi-viduals; ‘‘(II) that are not receiving free shelter throughout the month; and ‘‘(III) that do not opt to claim an excess shel-ter expense deduction under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENT .—For fiscal year 2019 and each subsequent fiscal year the amount of the homeless shelter deduction specified in clause (i) shall be adjusted to reflect changes for the 12- month period ending the preceding November 30 in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Con-sumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics of the Department of Labor.’’. 
SEC. 4010. AVAILABILITY OF STANDARD UTILITY ALLOWANCES BASED ON RECEIPT OF ENERGY ASSISTANCE. 
(a) A LLOWANCE TO RECIPIENTS OF ENERGY AS-
SISTANCE .— (1) S
TANDARD UTILITY ALLOWANCE .—Section 5(e)(6)(C)(iv)(I) of the of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(e)(6)(C)(iv)(I)) is amended by inserting ‘‘with an elderly member’’ after ‘‘households’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2605(f)(2)(A) of the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Act is amended by inserting ‘‘re-ceived by a household with an elderly member’’ before ‘‘, consistent with section 5(e)(6)(C)(iv)(I)’’. (b) T
HIRD-PARTY ENERGY ASSISTANCE PAY-
MENTS .—Section 5(k)(4) of the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(k)(4)) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘without an elderly member’’ after ‘‘household’’ the 1st place it appears; and (2) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘with an elderly member’’ after ‘‘household’’ the 1st place it appears. 
SEC. 4011. CHILD SUPPORT; COOPERATION WITH CHILD SUPPORT AGENCIES. 
(a) D EDUCTIONS FOR CHILD SUPPORT PAY-
MENTS .— (1) A
MENDMENTS .—Section 5(e) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(e)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (4), and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014) is amended— (A) in subsection (k)(4)(B) by striking ‘‘(e)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(e)(5)’’, and (B) in subsection (n) by striking ‘‘Regardless of whether a State agency elects to provide a de-duction under subsection (e)(4), the’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The’’. (b) C
OOPERATION WITHCHILD SUPPORT AGEN-
CIES.— (1) A
MENDMENTS .—Section 6 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (l)(1) by striking ‘‘At the op-tion of a State agency, subject’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject’’, (B) in subsection (m)(1) by striking ‘‘At the option of a State agency, subject’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject’’, and (C) by striking subsection (n). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘and (r)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (p)’’. 
SEC. 4012. ADJUSTMENT TO ASSET LIMITATIONS. 
Section 5(g)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(g)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘$2,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$12,000’’, and— (2) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘2008’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 4013. UPDATED VEHICLE ALLOWANCE. 
Section 5(g) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Beginning’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(I) Beginning’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) Beginning on October 1, 2019, and each October 1 thereafter, the amount specified in paragraph (2)(B)(iv) shall be adjusted in the manner described in subclause (I).’’, and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by amending subparagraph (B)(iv) to read as follows: ‘‘(iv) subject to subparagraph (C), with re-spect to any licensed vehicle that is used for household transportation or to obtain or con-tinue employment— ‘‘(I) 1 vehicle for each licensed driver who is a member of such household to the extent that the fair market value of the vehicle exceeds $12,000; and ‘‘(II) each additional vehicle; and’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (D). 
SEC. 4014. SAVINGS EXCLUDED FROM ASSETS. 
Section 5(g) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(g)), as amended by section 4013, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B)(i) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) Beginning on October 1, 2019, and each October 1 thereafter, the amount specified in paragraph (2)(B)(v) shall be adjusted in the manner described in subclause (I).’’, and (2) in paragraph (2)(B)(v) by inserting ‘‘to the extent that the value exceeds $2,000’’ after ‘‘ac-count’’. 
SEC. 4015. WORKFORCE SOLUTIONS. 
(a) C ONDITIONS OF PARTICIPATION .—Section 6(d) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘No’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subparagraph (C), no’’, (ii) by striking ‘‘over the age of 15 and under the age of 60’’ and inserting ‘‘at least 18 years of age and less than 60 years of age’’, (iii) by amending clause (i) to read as follows: ‘‘(i) without good cause, fails to work or re-fuses to participate in either an employment and training program established in paragraph (4), a work program, or any combination of work, an employment and training program, or work pro-gram— ‘‘(I) a minimum of 20 hours per week, aver-aged monthly in fiscal years 2021 through 2025; or ‘‘(II) a minimum of 25 hours per week, aver-aged monthly in fiscal years 2026 and each fis-cal year thereafter;’’. (iv) by striking clauses (ii) and (vi), (v) in clause (iv) by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end, (vi) in clause (v)(II) by striking ‘‘30 hours per week; or’’ and inserting ‘‘the hourly require-ments applicable under paragraph (1)(B)(i).’’, and (vii) by redesignating clauses (iii), (iv), and (v) as clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv), respectively, (B) by striking subparagraph (B), (C) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—Subparagraph (B) shall not apply to an individual during the first month that individual would otherwise become subject to subparagraph (B) and be found in noncompliance with such subparagraph.’’, (D) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (iii)(I) by striking ‘‘(A)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(B)’’, (ii) in clause (iv) by striking ‘‘(A)(v)’’and in-serting ‘‘(B)(iv)’’, and (iii) by striking clauses (v) and (vi), (E) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (I), respectively, (F) by inserting before subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF WORK PROGRAM .—In this subsection, the term ‘work program’ means— ‘‘(i) a program under title I of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act; ‘‘(ii) a program under section 236 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2296); and ‘‘(iii) a program of employment and training operated or supervised by a State or political subdivision of a State that meets standards ap-proved by the chief executive officer of the State and the Secretary, other than a program under paragraph (4).’’, and (G) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) TRANSITION PERIOD .—During each of the fiscal years 2019 and 2020, States shall continue to implement and enforce the work and employ-ment and training program requirements con-sistent with this subsection, subsection (e), sub-section (o) excluding paragraph (6)(F), section 7(i), section 11(e)(19), and section 16 (excluding subparagraphs (A), (B), (D), and (C) of sub-section (h)(1)) as those provisions were in effect on the day before the effective date of this sub-paragraph. ‘‘(E) I
NELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(i) N
OTIFICATION OF FAILURE TO MEET WORK  
REQUIREMENTS .—The State agency shall issue a notice of adverse action to an individual not later than 10 days after the State agency deter-mines that the individual has failed to meet the requirements applicable under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) F
IRST VIOLATION .—The 1st time an indi-vidual receives a notice of adverse action issued under clause (i), the individual shall remain in-eligible to participate in the supplemental nutri-tion assistance program until— ‘‘(I) the date that is 12 months after the date the individual became ineligible; ‘‘(II) the date the individual obtains employ-ment sufficient to meet the hourly requirements applicable under subparagraph (B)(i); or ‘‘(III) the date that the individual is no longer subject to the requirements of subparagraph (B); whichever is earliest. ‘‘(iii) S
ECOND OR SUBSEQUENT VIOLATION .— The 2d or subsequent time an individual receives a notice of adverse action issued under clause (i), the individual shall remain ineligible to par-ticipate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program until— ‘‘(I) the date that is 36 months after the date the individual became ineligible; ‘‘(II) the date the individual obtains employ-ment sufficient to meet the hourly requirements applicable under subparagraph (B)(i); or ‘‘(III) the date the individual is no longer sub-ject to the requirements of subparagraph (B); whichever is earliest. ‘‘(F) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On the request of a State agency, the Secretary may waive the applica-bility of subparagraph (B) to individuals in the State if the Secretary makes a determination that the area in which the individuals reside— ‘‘(I) has an unemployment rate of over 10 per-cent; ‘‘(II) is designated as a Labor Surplus Area by the Employment and Training Administration of the Department of Labor for the current fiscal year based on the criteria for exceptional cir-cumstances as described in section 654.5 of title 20 of the Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(III) has a 24-month average unemployment rate 20 percent or higher than the national av-erage for the same 24-month period unless the 24-month average unemployment rate of the area is less than 6 percent, except that the 24- month period shall begin no earlier than the 24- month period the Employment and Training Ad-ministration of the Department of Labor uses to designate Labor Surplus Areas for the current fiscal year; or ‘‘(IV) is in a State— ‘‘(aa) that is in an extended benefit period (within the meaning of section 203 of the Fed-eral-State Extended Unemployment Compensa-tion Act of 1970); or ‘‘(bb) in which temporary or emergency unem-ployment compensation is being provided under any Federal law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4085 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(ii) J URISDICTIONS WITH LIMITED DATA .—In carrying out clause (i), in the case of a jurisdic-tion for which Bureau of Labor Statistics unem-ployment data is limited or unavailable, such as an Indian Reservation or a territory of the United States, a State may support its request based on other economic indicators as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) L
IMIT ON COMBINING JURISDICTIONS .—In carrying out clause (i), the Secretary may waive the applicability of subparagraph (B) only to a State or individual jurisdictions within a State, except in the case of combined jurisdictions that are designated as Labor Market Areas by the Department of Labor. ‘‘(iv) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate, and shall make available to the public, an an-nual report on the basis for granting a waiver under clause (i). ‘‘(G) 15-
PERCENT EXEMPTION .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subparagraph: ‘‘(I) C
ASELOAD .—The term ‘caseload’ means the average monthly number of individuals re-ceiving supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram benefits during the 12-month period end-ing the preceding June 30. ‘‘(II) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘cov-ered individual’ means a member of a household that receives supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits, or an individual denied eligi-bility for supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram benefits solely due to the applicability of subparagraph (B), who— ‘‘(aa) is not eligible for an exception under paragraph (2); ‘‘(bb) does not reside in an area covered by a waiver granted under subparagraph (F); and ‘‘(cc) is not complying with subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) G
ENERAL RULE .—Subject to clauses (iii) through (v), a State agency may provide an ex-emption from the requirements of subparagraph (B) for covered individuals. ‘‘(iii) F
ISCAL YEAR 2021 AND THEREAFTER .— Subject to clauses (iv) and (v), for fiscal year 2021 and each subsequent fiscal year, a State agency may provide a number of exemptions such that the average monthly number of the exemptions in effect during the fiscal year does not exceed 15 percent of the number of covered individuals in the State in fiscal year 2019, as estimated by the Secretary, based on the survey conducted to carry out section 16(c) for the most recent fiscal year and such other factors as the Secretary considers appropriate due to the tim-ing and limitations of the survey. ‘‘(iv) C
ASELOAD ADJUSTMENTS .—The Secretary shall adjust the number of individuals estimated for a State under clause (iii) during a fiscal year if the number of members of households that re-ceive supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits in the State varies from the State’s case-load by more than 10 percent, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(v) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(I) R
EPORTS BY STATE AGENCIES .—A State agency shall submit such reports to the Sec-retary as the Secretary determines are necessary to ensure compliance with this paragraph. ‘‘(II) A
NNUAL REPORT BY THE SECRETARY .— The Secretary shall annually compile and sub-mit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate, and shall make available to the public, an annual report that contains the reports sub-mitted under subclause (I) by State agencies. ‘‘(H) O
THER PROGRAM RULES .—Nothing in this subsection shall make an individual eligible for benefits under this Act if the individual is not otherwise eligible for benefits under the other provisions of this Act.’’, (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the 1st sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘(E)’’ and all that follows through the period at the end, and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) receiving weekly earnings which equal the minimum hourly rate under section 6(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206(a)(1)), multiplied by the hourly requirement as specified in subparagraph (B); (F) medically certified as mentally or physically unfit for em-ployment; or (G) a pregnant woman.’’, and (B) by striking the last sentence, (3) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘registration requirements’’ and inserting ‘‘requirement’’, (4) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and (ii) by inserting after clause (i) the following: ‘‘(ii) MANDATORY MINIMUM SERVICES .—Each State agency shall offer employment and train-ing program services sufficient for all individ-uals subject to the requirements of paragraph (1)(B)(i) who are not currently ineligible pursu-ant to paragraph (1)(E), exempt pursuant to subparagraphs (F) and (G) or paragraph (2) of subsection (d), and for all individuals covered by paragraph (1)(C), to meet the hourly require-ments specified in paragraph (1)(B)(i) to the ex-tent that such requirements will not be satisfied by hours of work or participation in a work pro-gram.’’, and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by inserting after ‘‘contains’’ the following: ‘‘case management services consisting of com-prehensive intake assessments, individualized service plans, progress monitoring, and coordi-nation with service providers, and’’, (ii) by amending clause (i) to read as follows: ‘‘(i) Supervised job search programs that occur at State-approved locations in which the activi-ties of participants shall be directly supervised and the timing and activities of participants tracked in accordance with guidelines set forth by the State.’’, (iii) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘jobs skills as-sessments, job finding clubs, training in tech-niques for’’ and inserting ‘‘employability assess-ments, training in techniques to increase’’, (iv) by striking clause (iii), (v) in clause (iv) in the 1st sentence by insert-ing ‘‘, including subsidized employment, appren-ticeships, and unpaid or volunteer work that is limited to 6 months out of a 12-month period’’ before the period at the end, (vi) in clause (v) by inserting ‘‘, including family literacy and financial literacy,’’ after ‘‘literacy’’, (vii) in clause (vii) by striking ‘‘not more than’’, and (viii) by redesignating clauses (iv) through (viii) as clauses (iii) through (vii), respectively, (C) by striking subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F), and inserting the following: ‘‘(D) Each State agency shall establish re-quirements for participation by non-exempt in-dividuals in the employment and training pro-gram components listed in clauses (i) through (vii) of subparagraph (B). Such requirements may vary among participants.’’, (D) in subparagraph (H) by striking ‘‘(B)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B)(iv)’’, and (E) by redesignating subparagraphs (G) through (M) as subparagraphs (E) through (K), respectively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) A
MENDMENTS TO THE FOOD AND NUTRITION  
ACT OF 2008 .—Section 5(d)(14) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(d)(14)) is amended by striking ‘‘6(d)(4)(I)’’ and inserting ‘‘6(d)(4)(G)’’. (2) A
MENDMENT TO OTHER LAWS .— (A) I
NTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 .—Section 51(d)(8)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 51(d)(8)(A)(ii)) is amended— (i) in subclause (I) by striking ‘‘, or’’ and in-serting a period, (ii) by striking ‘‘family—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(I) receiving’’ and inserting ‘‘family receiving’’, and (iii) by striking subclause (II). (B) WORKFORCE INNOVATION AND OPPOR -
TUNITY ACT .—The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (Public Law 113–128; 128 Stat. 1425) is amended— (i) in section 103(a)(2) by striking subpara-graph (D), and (ii) in section 121(b)(2)(B) by striking clause (iv). (c) R
ELATED REQUIREMENTS .—Section 6 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(5)(A) by inserting ‘‘or of an incapacitated person’’ after ‘‘6’’, and (2) by striking subsection (o). (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 6, as amended by section 4011 and subsection (c), by redesignating subsections (p) through (s) as subparagraphs (n) through (q), respectively, and (2) in section 7(i)(1) by striking ‘‘6(o)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘6(d)(1)(B)’’. (e) S
TATE PLAN.—Section 11(e)(19) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020(e)(19)) is amended by striking ‘‘geographic areas and households to be covered under such program, and the basis, including any cost information,’’ and inserting ‘‘extent to which such programs will be carried out in coordination with the ac-tivities carried out under title I of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, the plan for meeting the minimum services requirement under section 6(d)(4)(A)(ii) including any cost infor-mation, and the basis’’. (f) F
UNDING OF EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING  P
ROGRAMS .—Section 16(h) of the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(h)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘$90,000,000’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘under section 18(a)(1)— ‘‘(i) $90,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(ii) $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(iii) $1,000,000,000 for each fiscal year there-after.’’, (B) by amending subparagraph (B)(ii) to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) takes into account— ‘‘(I) for fiscal years 2019 and 2020, the number of individuals who are not exempt from the work requirement under section 6(o) as that sec-tion existed on the day before the date of the en-actment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018; and ‘‘(II) for fiscal years 2021 and each fiscal year thereafter, the number of individuals who are not exempt from the requirements under section 6(d)(1)(B).’’, (C) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’, and (D) by amending subparagraph (E) to read as follows: ‘‘(E) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the funds made available under this paragraph for fiscal year 2021 and for each fiscal year thereafter, not more than $150,000,000 shall be reserved for allocation to States to provide training services by eligible providers identified under section 122 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act for participants in the supplemental nutri-tion assistance program to meet the hourly re-quirements under section 6(d)(1)(B) of this Act.’’, and (2) in paragraph (5)(C)— (A) in clause (ii) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end, (B) in clause (iii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting a period, and (C) by striking clause (iv). (g) W
ORK SUPPLEMENTATION OR WORK SUP-
PORT PROGRAM .— (1) R
EPEALER .—Subsection (b) of section 16 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(b)) is repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5(e)(2)(A) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4086 May 16, 2018 
(7 U.S.C. 2014(e)(2)(A)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF EARNED INCOME .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘earned income’’ does not include income excluded by subsection (d).’’. (h) W
ORKFARE .— (1) R
EPEALER .—Section 20 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2029) is repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 16(h)— (i) in paragraph (1)(F)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) in subclause (I) by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018)’’ after ‘‘this Act’’, and (bb) in subclause (II)(bb) by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018)’’ before the period at the end, (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) in subclause (II)(cc) by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018)’’ after ‘‘20’’, and (bb) in subclause (III)(ee)(AA) by inserting ‘‘as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’ after ‘‘6(o)’’, and (III) in clause (vi)(I) by inserting ‘‘as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’ after ‘‘6(d)’’, and (ii) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘under sec-tion 6(d)(4)(I)(i)(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘for depend-ent care expenses under section 6(d)(4)’’, and (B) in section 17(b)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B)(iv)(III)(jj) by inserting ‘‘as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’ after ‘‘20’’, and (ii) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 4016. MODERNIZATION OF ELECTRONIC BENEFIT TRANSFER REGULATIONS. 
Section 7(h)(2) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)(2)) is amended— (1) in the 1st sentence by inserting ‘‘and shall periodically review such regulations and modify such regulations to take into account evolving technology and comparable industry standards’’ before the period at the end, and (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘(C)(i)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘abuse; and’’, by inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(C)(i) risk-based measures to maximize the security of a system using the most effective technology available that the State agency con-siders appropriate and cost effective including consideration of recipient access and ease of use and which may include personal identification numbers, photographic identification on elec-tronic benefit transfer cards, alternatives for se-curing transactions, and other measures to pro-tect against fraud and abuse; and’’, and (B) by moving the left margin of clause (ii) 4 ems to the left. 
SEC. 4017. MOBILE TECHNOLOGIES. 
Section 7(h)(14) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)(14) is amended— (1) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall authorize the use of mo-bile technologies for the purpose of accessing supplemental nutrition assistance program bene-fits.’’, (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS ON ACCESS OF BENE -
FITS THROUGH MOBILE TECHNOLOGIES ’’, (B) by amending clause (i) to read as follows: ‘‘(i) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—Before au-thorizing implementation of subparagraph (A) in all States, the Secretary shall approve not more than 5 demonstration project proposals submitted by State agencies that will pilot the use of mobile technologies for supplemental nu-trition assistance program benefits access.’’, (C) in clause (ii)— (i) in the heading by striking ‘‘DEMONSTRA -
TION PROJECTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ROJECT RE -
QUIREMENTS ’’, (ii) by striking ‘‘retail food store’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘State agency’’, (iii) by striking ‘‘includes’’, (iv) by striking subclauses (I), (II), (III), and (IV), and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) provides recipient protections regarding privacy, ease of use, household access to bene-fits, and support similar to the protections pro-vided under existing methods; ‘‘(II) ensures that all recipients, including those without access to mobile payment tech-nology and those who shop across State borders, have a means of benefit access; ‘‘(III) requires retail food stores, unless ex-empt under section 7(f)(2)(B), to bear the costs of acquiring and arranging for the implementa-tion of point-of-sale equipment and supplies for the redemption of benefits that are accessed through mobile technologies, including any fees not described in paragraph (13); ‘‘(IV) requires that foods purchased with ben-efits issued under this section through mobile technologies are purchased at a price not higher than the price of the same food purchased by other methods used by the retail food store, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(V) ensures adequate documentation for each authorized transaction, adequate security measures to deter fraud, and adequate access to retail food stores that accept benefits accessed through mobile technologies, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(VI) provides for an evaluation of the dem-onstration project, including, but not limited to, an evaluation of household access to benefits; and ‘‘(VII) meets other criteria as established by the Secretary.’’, (D) by amending clause (iii) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(iv) D
ATE OF PROJECT APPROVAL .—The Sec- retary shall solicit and approve the qualifying demonstration projects required under subpara-graph (B)(i) not later than January 1, 2020.’’, and (E) by inserting after clause (ii) the following: ‘‘(iii) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary may prioritize demonstration project proposals that would— ‘‘(I) reduce fraud; ‘‘(II) encourage positive nutritional outcomes; and ‘‘(III) meet such other criteria as determined by the Secretary.’’, and (3) in subparagraph (C)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’, and (B) by inserting ‘‘requires further study by way of an extended pilot period or’’ after ‘‘States’’ the 2d place it appears . 
SEC. 4018. PROCESSING FEES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Section 7(h)(13) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)(13)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(13) F
EES.—No interchange fees shall apply to electronic benefit transfer transactions under this subsection. Neither a State, nor any agent, contractor, or subcontractor of a State who fa-cilitates the provision of supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits in such State may impose a fee for switching or routing such bene-fits.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7(j)(1)(H) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(H) S
WITCHING .—The term ‘’switching’’ means the routing of an intrastate or interstate transaction that consists of transmitting the de-tails of a transaction electronically recorded through the use of an electronic benefit transfer card in one State to the issuer of the card that may be in the same or different State.’’. SEC. 4019. REPLACEMENT OF EBT CARDS. 
Section 7(h)(8)(B)(ii) of the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)(8)(B)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘an excessive number of lost cards’’ and inserting ‘‘2 lost cards in a 12- month period’’. 
SEC. 4020. BENEFIT RECOVERY. 
Section 7(h)(12) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)(12)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘, or due to the death of all members of the household’’ after ‘‘inactivity’’, (2) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘6’’ and inserting ‘‘3’’, and (3) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘12 months’’ and inserting ‘‘6 months, or upon verification that all members of the household are deceased’’. 
SEC. 4021. REQUIREMENTS FOR ONLINE ACCEPT-ANCE OF BENEFITS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—Section 3(o)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012(o)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘or house-to-house trade route’’ and inserting ‘‘, house-to-house trade route, or online entity’’. (b) A
CCEPTANCE OF BENEFITS .—Section 7(k) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(k)) is amended— (1) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘A
C-
CEPTANCE OF PROGRAM BENEFITS THROUGH ON-
LINETRANSACTIONS ’’, (2) in paragraph (4) by striking subparagraph (C), and (3) by striking paragraph (5). 
SEC. 4022. NATIONAL GATEWAY. 
(a) I SSUANCE OF BENEFITS .—Section 7 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016) is amended— (1) in subsection (d) by striking ‘‘benefits by benefit issuers’’ and inserting ‘‘benefit issuers and other independent sales organizations, third-party processors, and web service pro-viders that provide electronic benefit transfer services or equipment to retail food stores and wholesale food concerns,’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) R
EQUIREMENT TO ROUTE ALLSUPPLE -
MENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM BEN-
EFIT TRANSFER TRANSACTIONS THROUGH A NA-
TIONAL GATEWAY .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(A) The term ‘independent sales organization ’ means a person or entity that— ‘‘(i) is not a third-party processor; and ‘‘(ii) engages in sales or service to retail food stores with respect to point-of-sale equipment necessary for electronic benefit transfer trans-action processing. ‘‘(B) The term ‘third-party processor’ means an entity, including a retail food store operating its own point-of-sale terminals, that is capable of routing electronic transfer benefit trans-actions for authorization. ‘‘(C) The term ‘web service provider’ means an entity that operates a generic online purchasing website that can be customized for online elec-tronic benefit transfer transactions for author-ized retail food stores. ‘‘(2) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (5), the Secretary shall establish a national gateway for the purpose of routing all supplemental nu-trition assistance program benefit transfer transactions (in this subsection referred to as ‘transactions’ unless the context specifies other-wise) to the appropriate benefit issuers for pur-poses of transaction validation and settlement. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS TO ROUTE TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) ensure that protections regarding pri-vacy, security, ease of use, and access relating to supplemental nutrition assistance benefits are maintained for benefit recipients and retail food stores; ‘‘(B) ensure redundancy for processing of transactions; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4087 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(C) ensure real-time monitoring of trans-actions; ‘‘(D) ensure that all entities that connect to such gateway, and all others that connect to such entities, meet and follow transaction mes-saging standards, and other requirements, es-tablished by the Secretary; ‘‘(E) ensure the security of transactions by using the most effective technology available that the Secretary considers to be appropriate and cost-effective; and ‘‘(F) ensure that all transactions are routed through such gateway. ‘‘(4) S
TATE AGENCY ACTION .—Each State agen-cy shall ensure that all of its benefit issuers con-nect to such gateway. A State agency may opt to require its benefit issuer to route cash trans-actions through such gateway, subject to terms established by the Secretary. ‘‘(5) R
OUTING OF TRANSACTIONS THROUGH A  
NATIONAL GATEWAY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Secretary imple-ments in all the States a national gateway es-tablished under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall conduct a feasibility study to assess the feasibility of routing transactions through such gateway. ‘‘(B) F
EASIBILITY STUDY .—The feasibility study conducted under subparagraph (A) shall provide, at a minimum, all of the following: ‘‘(i) A comprehensive analysis of opportunities and challenges presented by implementation of such gateway. ‘‘(ii) One or more options for carrying forward each of such opportunities and for mitigating each of such challenges. ‘‘(iii) Data for purposes of analyzing the im-plementation of, and on-going cost of managing, such gateway. ‘‘(iv) One or more models for cost-neutral on- going operation of a national gateway. ‘‘(v) Other criteria, including security criteria, established by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) D
ATE OF COMPLETION OF STUDY .—The Secretary shall complete the feasibility study re-quired by subparagraph (B) not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Agri-culture and Nutrition Act of 2018. ‘‘(D) I
MPLEMENTATION OF A NATIONAL GATE -
WAY.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the completion of such study, the Secretary shall complete the nationwide implementation of a national gateway established under paragraph (2) unless the Secretary determines, based on such study, that more time is needed to imple-ment such gateway nationwide or that nation-wide implementation of such gateway is not in the best interest of the operation of the supple-mental nutrition assistance program. ‘‘(E) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—If the Secretary makes a determination described in subpara-graph (D), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that includes the basis of such determination. ‘‘(F) N
ONDISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .—Any information collected through such gateway about a specific retail food store, wholesale food concern, person, or other entity, and any inves-tigative methodology or criteria used for pro-gram integrity purposes that operates at or in conjunction with such gateway, shall be exempt from the disclosure requirements of section 552(a) of title 5 of the United States Code pursu-ant to section 552(b)(3)(B) of title 5 of the United States Code. The Secretary shall limit the use or disclosure of information obtained under this subsection in a manner consistent with section 9(c). ‘‘(6) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $10,500,000 for fiscal year 2019, and $9,500,000 for each of the fiscal years 2020 through 2023, to carry out this subsection. Not more than $1,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this paragraph may be used for the feasibility study under paragraph (5)(B). ‘‘(7) GATEWAY SUSTAINABILITY .—Benefit issuers and third-party processors shall pay fees to the gateway operator, in a manner prescribed by the Secretary, to directly access and route transactions through the national gateway. ‘‘(A) P
URPOSE .—The Secretary shall ensure that fees are collected and used solely for the operation of the gateway. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT .—Fees shall be established by the Secretary in amounts proportionate to the number of transactions routed through the gate-way by each benefit issuer and third-party proc-essor, and based on the cost of operating the gateway in a fiscal year. ‘‘(C) A
DJUSTMENT .—The Secretary shall evaluate annually the cost of operating such gateway and shall adjust the fee in effect for a fiscal year to reflect the cost of operating such gateway, except that an adjustment under this subparagraph for any fiscal year may not ex-ceed 10 percent of the fee charged under this paragraph in the preceding fiscal year.’’. (b) A
PPROVAL OF RETAIL FOOD STORES AND  W
HOLESALE FOODCONCERNS .—The 1st sentence of section 9(c) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2018(c)) is amended by inserting ‘‘contracts for electronic benefit transfer services and equipment, records necessary to validate the FNS authorization number to accept and re-deem benefits,’’ after ‘‘invoices,’’. 
SEC. 4023. ACCESS TO STATE SYSTEMS. 
(a) R ECORDS .—Section 11(a)(3)(B) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020(a)(3)(B)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Records described’’ and in-serting ‘‘All records, and the entire information systems in which records are contained, that are covered’’, and (2) by amending clause (i) to read as follows: ‘‘(i) be made available for inspection and audit by the Secretary, subject to data and secu-rity protocols agreed to by the State agency and Secretary;’’. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 16 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025) is amended— (1) in the last sentence of subsection (c)(4) by inserting ‘‘including providing access to appli-cable State records and the entire information systems in which the records are contained,’’ after ‘‘Secretary,’’, and (2) in subsection (g)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (E) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (B) in subparagraph (F) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) would be accessible by the Secretary for the purposes of program oversight and would be used by the State agency to make available all records required by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 4024. TRANSITIONAL BENEFITS. 
Section 11(s) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020(s)) is amended— (1) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘T
RANSITIONAL BENEFITS ’’, (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’, and (B) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘at the option of the State,’’, and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘not more than’’. 
SEC. 4025. INCENTIVIZING TECHNOLOGY MOD-ERNIZATION. 
Section 11(t) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020(t)) is amended— (1) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘G
RANTS FOR SIMPLIFIED SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRI-
TION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM APPLICATION AND  E
LIGIBILITY DETERMINATION SYSTEMS ’’, (2) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘implement— ’’ and all that follows through the period at the end, and inserting ‘‘implement simplified supple-mental nutrition assistance program application and eligibility determination systems.’’, and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) establishing enhanced technological methods for applying for benefits and deter-mining eligibility that improve the administra-tive infrastructure used in processing applica-tions and determining eligibility; or’’, (B) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D), and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as sub-paragraph (C). SEC. 4026. SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAM BENEFIT TRANSFER TRANSACTION DATA REPORT. 
Section 9 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2018) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (B) in subparagraph (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) parameters for retail food store coopera-tion with the Secretary sufficient to carry out subsection (i).’’. (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) D
ATA COLLECTION FOR RETAIL FOOD S
TORE TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
OLLECTION OF DATA .—To assist in mak-ing improvements to supplemental nutrition as-sistance program design, for each interval not greater than a 2-year period, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) collect a statistically significant sample of retail food store transaction data, including the cost and description of items purchased with supplemental nutrition assistance program bene-fits, to the extent practicable and without af-fecting retail food store document retention practices; and ‘‘(B) make a summarized report of aggregated data collected under subparagraph (A) available to the public in a manner that prevents identi-fication of individual retail food stores, indi-vidual retail food store chains, and individual members of households that use such benefits. ‘‘(2) N
ONDISCLOSURE .—Any transaction data that contains information specific to a retail food store, a retail food store location, a person, or other entity shall be exempt from the disclo-sure requirements of Section 552(a) of title 5 of the United States Code pursuant to section 552(b)(3)(B) of title 5 of the United States Code. The Secretary shall limit the use or disclosure of information obtained under this subsection in a manner consistent with sections 9(c) and 11(e)(8).’’. 
SEC. 4027. ADJUSTMENT TO PERCENTAGE OF RE-COVERED FUNDS RETAINED BY STATES. 
Section 16(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(a) is amended— (1) in the 1st sentence by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’, and (2) by inserting after the 1st sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘A State agency may use such funds retained only to carry out the supplemental nutrition as-sistance program, including investments in tech-nology, improvements in administration and dis-tribution, and actions to prevent fraud.’’. 
SEC. 4028. TOLERANCE LEVEL FOR PAYMENT ER-RORS. 
Section 16(c)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(c)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(ii)— (A) in subclause (I) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (B) in subclause (II)— (i) by striking ‘‘fiscal year thereafter’’ and in-serting ‘‘of the fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’, and (ii) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’, and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) for each fiscal year thereafter, $0.’’, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4088 May 16, 2018 
(2) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2004’’ and all that follows through ‘‘sec-ond’’, and inserting ‘‘any of the fiscal years 2004 through 2018 for which the Secretary deter-mines that for the second or subsequent con-secutive fiscal year, and with respect to fiscal year 2019 and any fiscal year thereafter for which the Secretary determines that for the third’’. 
SEC. 4029. STATE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS. 
Section 16(d) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(d)) is amended— (1) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘S
TATE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS ’’, (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the heading by striking ‘‘
AND THERE -
AFTER ’’ and inserting ‘‘ THROUGH 2017 ’’, (B) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and each fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2017’’, and (C) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and each fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2017’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) F
ISCAL YEAR 2018 AND FISCAL YEARS  
THEREAFTER .—With respect to fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary shall establish, by regulation, performance cri-teria relating to— ‘‘(A) actions taken to correct errors, reduce rates of error, and improve eligibility determina-tions; and ‘‘(B) other indicators of effective administra-tion determined by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 4030. PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS. 
Section 17 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2026) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) P
ILOT PROJECTS TO ENCOURAGE THE USE 
OFPUBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS COMMITTED  
TOADDRESSING FOODINSECURITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may, on ap-plication, permit not more than 10 eligible enti-ties to carry out pilot projects to support public- private partnerships that address food insecu-rity and poverty. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-section, an ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(A) a State; ‘‘(B) a unit of local government; ‘‘(C) a nonprofit organization; ‘‘(D) a community-based organization; and ‘‘(E) an institution of higher education. ‘‘(3) P
ROJECT REQUIREMENTS .—Projects ap-proved under this subsection shall be limited to 2 years in length and evaluate the impact of the ability of eligible entities to— ‘‘(A) improve the effectiveness and impact of the supplemental nutrition assistance program; ‘‘(B) develop food security solutions that are contextualized to the needs of a community or region; and ‘‘(C) strengthen the capacity of communities to address food insecurity and poverty. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTING .—Participating entities shall report annually to the Secretary who shall sub-mit a final report to the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate. Such report shall include— ‘‘(A) a summary of the activities conducted under the pilot projects; ‘‘(B) an assessment of the effectiveness of the pilot projects; and ‘‘(C) best practices regarding the use of pub-lic-private partnerships to improve the effective-ness of public benefit programs to address food insecurity and poverty. ‘‘(5) A
UTHORIZATION AND ADVANCE AVAIL -
ABILITY OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $5,000,000 to remain avail-able until expended. ‘‘(B) A
PPROPRIATION IN ADVANCE .—Only funds appropriated under subparagraph (A) in advance specifically to carry out this subsection shall be available to carry out this subsection.’’. SEC. 4031. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
The 1st sentence of section 18(a)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2027(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 4032. EMERGENCY FOOD ASSISTANCE. 
Section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’, (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’, (B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by striking ‘‘2018’’ the 1st place it appears and inserting ‘‘2019’’, (ii) in clause (iii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2019, $60,000,000; and’’, and (C) in subparagraph (E)— (i) by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’, (ii) by striking ‘‘(D)(iv)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D)(v)’’, and (iii) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) F
ARM-TO-FOOD -BANK FUND .—From amounts made available under subparagraphs (D) and (E) of paragraph (2), the Secretary shall distribute $20,000,000 in accordance with section 214 of the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7515) that States shall use to procure or enter into agreements with a food bank to procure excess fresh fruits and vegeta-bles grown in the State, or surrounding regions in the United States, to be provided to eligible recipient agencies as defined in section 201A(3) of the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7501(3)).’’. 
SEC. 4033. NUTRITION EDUCATION. 
(a) N UTRITION EDUCATION AND OBESITY PRE-
VENTION GRANT PROGRAM .—Section 28 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036a) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘eligible individual’ means an individual who is eligible to receive benefits under a nutrition education and obesity prevention program under this sec-tion as a result of being— ‘‘(A) an individual eligible for benefits under— ‘‘(i) this Act; ‘‘(ii) sections 9(b)(1)(A) and 17(c)(4) of the Richard B Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(b)(1)(A), 1766(c)(4)); or ‘‘(iii) section 4(e)(1)(A) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1773(e)(1)(A)); ‘‘(B) an individual who resides in a commu-nity with a significant low-income population, as determined by the Secretary; or ‘‘(C) such other low-income individual as is determined to be eligible by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE INSTITUTION .—The term ‘eligible institution’ includes any ‘1862 Institution’ or ‘1890 Institution’, as defined in section 2 of the Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7601).’’, (2) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘Consistent with the terms and conditions of grants award-ed under this section, State agencies may’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary, acting through the Director of the National Institute of Food and Agriculture, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the Food and Nutrition Service, shall’’, (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Consistent with the terms and conditions of grants awarded under this section, eligible institutions shall deliver nutri-tion education and obesity prevention services under a program described in subsection (b) that— ‘‘(A) to the extent practicable, provide for the employment and training of professional and paraprofessional aides from the target popu-lation to engage in direct nutrition education; and ‘‘(B) partner with other public and private en-tities as appropriate to optimize program deliv-ery.’’, (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A State agency, in con-sultation with eligible institutions that provide nutrition education and obesity prevention serv-ices under this subsection, shall submit to the Secretary for approval a nutrition education State plan.’’, (ii) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in subparagraph (C), a’’ and insert-ing ‘‘A’’, and (iii) by striking subparagraph (C), (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘A State agency’’ and inserting ‘‘An eligible institution’’, and (II) by inserting ‘‘the Director of the National Institute of Food and Agriculture and’’ after ‘‘by’’, and (ii) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘the Di-rector of the National Institute of Food and Ag-riculture and’’ after ‘‘education,’’, and (D) in paragraph (4) by inserting ‘‘and eligible institutions’’ after ‘‘agencies’’, and (E) in paragraph (5) by striking ‘‘State agen-cy’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible institutions’’, (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the heading by striking ‘‘I
N GENERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘B
ASIC FUNDING ’’, (ii) by striking ‘‘to State agencies’’, (iii) in subparagraph (E) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (iv) in subparagraph (F)— (I) by striking ‘‘year 2016 and each subsequent fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘years 2016 through 2018’’, and (II) by striking the period at the end and in-serting a semicolon, and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) for fiscal year 2019, $485,000,000; and ‘‘(H) for fiscal year 2020 and each subsequent fiscal year, the applicable amount during the preceding fiscal year, as adjusted to reflect any increases for the 12-month period ending the preceding June 30 in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’, (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and appropriated under the authority of paragraph (2)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’, and (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘(as that section existed on the day before the date of the enactment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018)’’ after ‘‘(B)’’ and (bb) in subclause (V) by striking ‘‘and each fiscal year thereafter’’, and (ii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) R
EALLOCATION .—If the Secretary deter-mines that an eligible institution will not ex-pend all of the funds allocated to the eligible in-stitution for a fiscal year under paragraph (1) or in the case of an eligible institution that elects not to receive the entire amount of funds allocated to the eligible institution for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallocate the unex-pended funds to other eligible institutions dur-ing the fiscal year or the subsequent fiscal year (as determined by the Secretary) that have ap-proved State plans under which the eligible in-stitutions may expend the reallocated funds.’’, and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4089 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(B) S UBSEQUENT ALLOCATION .—Of the funds set aside under paragraph (1) and appropriated under the authority of paragraph (2) for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter, 100 percent shall be allocated to eligible institutions pro rata based on the respective share of each State of the number of individuals participating in the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram during the 12-month period ending the preceding January 31, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’, (C) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively, (D) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION AND ADVANCE AVAIL -
ABILITY OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $65,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(B) A
PPROPRIATION IN ADVANCE .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), only funds ap-propriated under subparagraph (A) in advance specifically to carry out this section shall be available to carry out this section. ‘‘(C) O
THER FUNDS .—Funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be in addition to funds made available under paragraph (1).’’, and (E) by inserting after paragraph (4), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(5) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Not more than 10 percent of the funds allocated to eligible in-stitutions may be used by the eligible institu-tions for administrative costs.’’, and (5) in subsection (e) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘18 months after the date of the enactment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’. (b) R
ELATED AMENDMENT .—Section 18(a)(3)(A)(ii) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2027(a)(3)(A)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘, such as the expanded food and nutri-tion education program’’. 
SEC. 4034. RETAIL FOOD STORE AND RECIPIENT TRAFFICKING. 
Section 29(c)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036b(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 4035. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3— (A) in subsections (d) and (i) by striking ‘‘7(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘7(h)’’, and (B) in subsection (o)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘(r)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘(q)(1)’’, (2) in section 5(a) by striking ‘‘and section’’ each place it appears and all that follows through ‘‘households’’ the respective next place it appears, and inserting ‘‘and section 3(m)(4), households’’, (3) in subsections (e)(1) and (f)(1)(A)(i) of sec-tion 8 by striking ‘‘3(n)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘3(m)(5)’’, (4) in the 1st sentence of section 10— (A) by striking ‘‘or the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation’’ each place it ap-pears, and (B) by striking ‘‘3(p)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘3(o)(4)’’, (5) in section 11— (A) in subsection (a)(2) by striking ‘‘3(t)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘3(s)(1)’’, and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking ‘‘3(t)(1)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘3(s)(1)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘3(t)(2)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘3(s)(2)’’, (C) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (17) by striking ‘‘3(t)(1)’’ in-serting ‘‘3(s)(1)’’, and (ii) in paragraph (23) by striking ‘‘Simplified Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program’’ and inserting ‘‘simplified supplemental nutrition assistance program’’, (6) in section 15(e) by striking ‘‘exchange’’ and all that follows through ‘‘anything’’, and inserting ‘‘exchange for benefits, or anything’’, (7) in section 17(b)(1)(B)(iv)— (A) in subclause (III)(aa) by striking ‘‘3(n)’’ and inserting ‘‘3(m)’’, and (B) in subclause (VII) by striking ‘‘7(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘7(h)’’, (8) in section 25(a)(1)(B)(i)(I) by striking the 2d semicolon at the end, and (9) in section 26(b) by striking ‘‘out’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(referred’’, and inserting ‘‘out a simplified supplemental nutrition assist-ance program (referred’’. SEC. 4036. IMPLEMENTATION FUNDS. 
Out of any funds made available under sec-tion 18(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2027(a)) for fiscal year 2019, the Sec-retary shall use to carry out the amendments made by this subtitle $150,000,000, to remain available until expended. Subtitle B—Commodity Distribution Programs 
SEC. 4101. COMMODITY DISTRIBUTION PROGRAM. 
The 1st sentence of section 4(a) of the Agri-culture and Consumer Protection Act of 1973 (7 U.S.C. 612c note) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 4102. COMMODITY SUPPLEMENTAL FOOD PROGRAM. 
Section 5 of the Agriculture and Consumer Protection Act of 1973 (7 U.S.C. 612c note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’, and (B) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’, and (2) in subsection (d)(2) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 4103. DISTRIBUTION OF SURPLUS COMMOD-ITIES TO SPECIAL NUTRITION PROJECTS. 
Section 1114(a)(2)(A) of the Agriculture and Food Act of 1981 (7 U.S.C. 1431e(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 4201. PURCHASE OF FRESH FRUITS AND VEGETABLES FOR DISTRIBUTION TO SCHOOLS AND SERVICE INSTITU-TIONS. 
Section 10603(b) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 612c-4(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 4202. SENIORS FARMERS’ MARKET NUTRI-TION PROGRAM. 
Section 4402(a) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 3007(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 4203. HEALTHY FOOD FINANCING INITIA-TIVE. 
Section 243(d) of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6953) is amended by striking ‘‘until expended’’ and inserting ‘‘until October 1, 2023’’. 
SEC. 4204. AMENDMENTS TO THE FRUIT AND VEG-ETABLE PROGRAM. 
Section 19 of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769a) is amend-ed— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘FRESH’’ ; (2) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, canned, dried, frozen, or pureed’’ after ‘‘fresh’’; (3) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘, canned, dried, frozen, or pureed’’ after ‘‘fresh’’; and (4) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘, canned, dried, frozen, or pureed’’ after ‘‘fresh’’. TITLE V—CREDIT Subtitle A—Farm Ownership Loans 
SEC. 5101. MODIFICATION OF THE 3-YEAR EXPERI-ENCE ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENT FOR FARM OWNERSHIP LOANS. 
Section 302(b) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1922(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) WAIVER AUTHORITY .—In the case of a qualified beginning farmer or rancher, the Sec-retary may— ‘‘(A) reduce the 3-year requirement in para-graph (1) to— ‘‘(i) 2 years, if the farmer or rancher has— ‘‘(I) 16 credit hours of post-secondary edu-cation in a field related to agriculture; ‘‘(II) at least 1 year of direct substantive man-agement experience in a business; ‘‘(III) been honorably discharged from the armed forces of the United States; ‘‘(IV) successfully repaid a youth loan made under section 311(b); or ‘‘(V) an established relationship with an indi-vidual participating as a counselor in a Service Corps of Retired Executives program authorized under section 8(b)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(1)(B)), or with a local farm or ranch operator or organization, approved by the Secretary, that is committed to mentoring the farmer or rancher; or ‘‘(ii) 1 year, if the farmer or rancher has mili-tary leadership or management experience from having completed an acceptable military leader-ship course; or ‘‘(B) waive the 3-year requirement in para-graph (1) if the farmer or rancher— ‘‘(i) meets a requirement of subparagraph (A)(i) (other than subclause (V) thereof) and meets the requirement of subparagraph (A)(ii); and ‘‘(ii) meets the requirement of subparagraph (A)(i)(V).’’. 
SEC. 5102. CONSERVATION LOAN AND LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM. 
Section 304(h) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1924(h)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$150,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$75,000,000’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 5103. FARM OWNERSHIP LOAN LIMITS. 
Section 305(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1925(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$700,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,750,000’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2000’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. Subtitle B—Operating Loans 
SEC. 5201. LIMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF OPER-ATING LOANS. 
Section 313(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1943(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$700,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,750,000’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2000’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 5202. MICROLOANS. 
Section 313(c)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1943(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘title’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection’’. Subtitle C—Administrative Provisions 
SEC. 5301. BEGINNING FARMER AND RANCHER IN-DIVIDUAL DEVELOPMENT AC-COUNTS PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 333B(h) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1983b(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 5302. LOAN AUTHORIZATION LEVELS. 
Section 346(b)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1994(b)(1)) is amended in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 5303. LOAN FUND SET-ASIDES. 
Section 346(b)(2)(A)(ii)(III) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1994(b)(2)(A)(ii)(III)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle D—Technical Corrections to the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act 
SEC. 5401. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO THE CONSOLIDATED FARM AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT ACT. 
(a)(1) Section 310E(d)(3) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4090 May 16, 2018 
1935(d)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and so-cially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers’’ after ‘‘ranchers’’ the second place it appears. (2) The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 5004(4)(A)(i) of the Food, Conserva-tion, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 246) in lieu of the amendment made by such sec-tion. (b)(1) Section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1961(a)) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘and limited liability companies’’ and inserting ‘‘limited liability companies, and such other legal entities’’. (2) The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 5201 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79) in lieu of the amendment made by such section. (c)(1) Section 331D(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1981d(e)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘within 60 days after receipt of the notice required in this section’’ the following: ‘‘or, in extraor-dinary circumstances as determined by the ap-plicable State director, after the 60-day period’’. (2) The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 10 of the Agricultural Credit Improve-ment Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–554). (d)(1) Section 333A(f)(1)(A) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1983a(f)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘114’’ and inserting ‘‘339’’. (2) The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 14 of the Agricultural Credit Improve-ment Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–554). (e) Section 339(d)(3) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C.1989(d)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘preferred certified lend-er’’ and inserting ‘‘Preferred Certified Lender’’. (f)(1) Section 343(a)(11)(C) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(11)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘or joint operators’’ and inserting ‘‘joint operator, or owners’’. (2) The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as of the effective date of sec-tion 5303(a)(2) of the Agricultural Act of 2014. (g)(1) Section 343(b) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1991(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘307(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘307(d)’’. (2) The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 5004 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). (h) Section 346(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C.1994(a)) is amended by striking the last comma. Subtitle E—Amendments to the Farm Credit Act of 1971 
SEC. 5501. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-ERENCES. 
(a) Section 1.2(a) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2002(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) C
OMPOSITION .—The Farm Credit System shall include the Farm Credit Banks, banks for cooperatives, Agricultural Credit Banks, the Federal land bank associations, the Federal land credit associations, the production credit associations, the Agricultural Credit Associa-tions, the Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corporation, the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation, service corporations established pursuant to section 4.25 of this Act, and such other institutions as may be made a part of the System, all of which shall be chartered by and subject to regulation by the Farm Credit Admin-istration.’’. (b) Section 2.4 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2075) is amended by striking subsection (d). (c) Section 3.0 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2121) is amended— (1) in the 3rd sentence, by striking ‘‘and a Central Bank for Cooperatives’’; and (2) by striking the 5th sentence. (d) Section 3.2(a)(1) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2123(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘not merged into the United Bank for Cooperatives or the National Bank for Cooperatives’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Sec-tion 7.12(c) shall apply to the board of directors of a merged bank for cooperatives.’’. (e) Section 3.2(a)(2)(A) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2123(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘(other than the National Bank for Cooperatives)’’. (f) Section 3.2 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2123) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b); (2) in subsection (a)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘para-graph’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection’’; (3) by striking ‘‘(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)’’; (4) by striking ‘‘(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(b)(1)’’; (5) by striking ‘‘(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘(A)’’; (6) by striking ‘‘(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B)’’; and (7) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)’’. (g) Section 3.5 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2126) is amended by striking ‘‘district’’. (h) Section 3.7(a) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2128(a)) is amended by striking the second sen-tence. (i) Section 3.8(b)(1)(A) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2129(b)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(or suc-cessor agency)’’ after ‘‘Rural Electrification Ad-ministration’’. (j) Section 3.9(a) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2130(a)) is amended by striking the 3rd sentence. (k) Section 3.10(c) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2131(c)) is amended by striking the second sen-tence. (l) Section 3.10(d) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2131(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘district’’ each place it ap-pears; and (2) by inserting ‘‘for cooperatives or successor bank’’ before ‘‘on account of such indebted-ness’’. (m) Section 3.11 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2132) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘subsections (b) and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘district’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in sub-section (c) below, all’’ and inserting ‘‘All’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and redesig-nating subsections (d) through (f) as subsections (c) through (e), respectively. (n) The heading for part B of title III of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘UNITED AND ’’. (o) Section 3.20(a) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2141(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘or the United Bank for Cooperatives, as the case may be’’. (p) Section 3.20(b) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2141(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘the district banks for cooperatives and the Central Bank for Cooperatives’’ and inserting ‘‘all constituent banks referred to in section 413 of the Agricul-tural Credit Act of 1987’’. (q) Section 3.21 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2142) is repealed. (r) Section 3.28 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2149) is amended by striking ‘‘a district bank for co-operatives and the Central Bank for Coopera-tives’’ and inserting ‘‘its constituent banks re-ferred to in section 413 of the Agricultural Cred-it Act of 1987’’. (s) Section 3.29 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2150) is repealed. (t)(1) Section 4.0 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2151) is repealed. (2) Section 5.60(b) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2277a-9(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
MOUNTS IN FUND.—The Corporation shall deposit in the Insurance Fund all premium payments received by the Corporation under this part.’’. (u)(1) Section 4.8 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2159) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(a)’’; and (B) by striking subsection (b). (2) Section 1.1(c) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2001(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘including any costs of defeasance under section 4.8(b),’’. (v) Section 4.9(d)(2) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2160(d)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) REPRESENTATION ON BOARD .—The Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation shall have no representation on the board of directors of the Corporation.’’. (w) Section 4.9 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2160) is amended by striking subsection (e) and redesig-nating subsection (f) as subsection (e). (x) Section 4.9A(c) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2162(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) I
NABILITY TO RETIRE STOCK AT PAR V
ALUE.—If an institution is unable to retire eli-gible borrower stock at par value due to the liq-uidation of the institution, the Farm Credit Sys-tem Insurance Corporation, acting as receiver, shall retire such stock at par value as would have been retired in the ordinary course of busi-ness of the institution. The Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation shall make use of suffi-cient funds from the Farm Credit Insurance Fund to carry out this section.’’. (y) Section 4.12A(a)(1) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2184(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Every Farm Credit System bank or association shall provide a current list of its stockholders, within 7 calendar days after receipt of a written request by a stockholder, to the requesting stockholder.’’. (z) Section 4.14A(a) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2202a(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and section 4.36’’ after ‘‘As used in this part’’. (aa)(1) Section 4.14A of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2202a) is amended— (A) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘production credit’’; and (B) by striking subsection (h) and redesig-nating subsections (i) through (l) as subsections (h) through (k), respectively. (2)(A) Section 5.31 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2267) is amended by striking ‘‘4.14A(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘4.14A(h)’’. (B) Section 5.32(h) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2268(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘4.14A(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘4.14A(h)’’. (bb)(1) Section 4.14C of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2202c) is repealed. (2)(A) Section 4.14A(a)(5)(B)(ii)(I) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2202a(a)(5)(B)(ii)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘4.14C,’’. (B) Section 8.9 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279aa– 9) is amended by striking ‘‘4.14C,’’ each place it appears. (cc) Section 4.17 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2205) is amended by striking ‘‘Federal intermediate credit banks and’’. (dd) Section 4.19(a) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2207(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘district’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Federal land bank association and production credit’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘units’’ and inserting ‘‘institu-tions’’. (ee) Section 4.38 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2219c) is amended by striking ‘‘The Assistance Board established under section 6.0 and all’’ and in-serting ‘‘All’’. (ff) Section 5.17(a)(2) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2252(a)(2)) is amended by striking the second and 3rd sentences. (gg) Section 5.18 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2253) is repealed. (hh) Section 5.19(a) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2254(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Except for Federal land bank associations, each’’ and inserting ‘‘Each’’; and (2) by striking the second sentence. (ii) Section 5.19(b) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2254(b)) is amended— (1) in the second sentence of paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘except with respect to any actions taken by any banks of the System under section 4.8(b),’’; (2) by striking the third sentence of paragraph (1); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4091 May 16, 2018 
(3) by striking ‘‘(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘(b)’’; and (4) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3). (jj) Section 5.35(4) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2271(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘after December 31, 1992,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘by the Farm Credit System Assistance Board under section 6.6 or’’; and (2) by striking subparagraph (B) and redesig-nating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B). (kk) Section 5.38 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2274) is amended by striking ‘‘a farm credit district board, bank board, or bank officer or employee shall not remove any director or officer of any production credit association or Federal land bank association’’ and inserting ‘‘a Farm Credit Bank board, officer, or employee shall not re-move any director or officer of any association’’. (ll) Section 5.44 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2275) is repealed. (mm) Section 5.58(2) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2277a–7) is amended by striking the second sen-tence. (nn) Subtitle A of title VI of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2278a-2278a–11) is repealed. (oo) Title VI of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2278a- 2278b–11) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 6.32. TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY. 
‘‘The authority provided in this subtitle shall terminate on December 31, 2018.’’. (pp) Section 7.9 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279c– 2) is amended by striking subsection (c). (qq) Section 7.10(a)(4) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279d(a)(4)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) the institution pays to the Farm Credit Insurance Fund the amount by which the total capital of the institution exceeds 6 percent of the assets;’’. (rr) Section 8.0(2) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279aa(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) B
OARD .—The term ‘Board’ means the board of directors established under section 8.2.’’. (ss)(1) Section 8.0 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279aa) is amended by striking paragraphs (6) and (8), and redesignating paragraphs (7), (9), and (10) as paragraphs (6) through (8), respec-tively. (2)(A) Section 4.39 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2219d) is amended by striking ‘‘8.0(7)’’ and in-serting ‘‘8.0(6)’’. (B) Section 8.6(e)(2) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279aa–6(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘8.0(9)’’ and inserting ‘‘8.0(7)’’. (C) Section 8.11(e) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279aa–11(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘8.0(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘8.0(6)’’. (D) Section 8.32(a)(1)(B) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279bb–1(a)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘8.0(9)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘8.0(7)(C)’’. (tt)(1) Section 8.2 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279aa-2) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
ERMANENT BOARD ’’ and inserting ‘‘B OARD OF  D
IRECTORS ’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Corporation shall be under the management of the Board of Direc-tors.’’; (iii) by striking paragraph (3) and redesig-nating paragraphs (4) through (10) as para-graphs (3) through (9), respectively; and (iv) by striking ‘‘permanent’’ each place it ap-pears in paragraphs (2), and (3) through (9) (as so redesignated); and (B) by striking subsection (a) and redesig-nating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively. (2) Section 8.4(a)(1) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279aa–4) is amended— (A) by striking the 3rd sentence; (B) by inserting after the 1st sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘Voting common stock shall be offered to banks, other financial entities, insurance companies, and System institutions under such terms and conditions as the Board may adopt. The voting stock shall be fairly and broadly of-fered to ensure that no institution or institu-tions acquire a disproportionate amount of the total amount of voting common stock out-standing of a class and that capital contribu-tions and issuances of voting common stock for the contributions are fairly distributed between entities eligible to hold Class A and Class B stock, as provided under this paragraph.’’; (C) by striking ‘‘8.2(b)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘8.2(a)(2)(A)’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘8.2(b)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘8.2(a)(2)(B)’’. (uu)(1) Section 8.6 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279aa–6) is amended by striking subsection (d) and redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (d). (2)(A) Paragraph (7)(B)(i) of section 8.0 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279aa), as redesignated by subsection (ss)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘through (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (c)’’. (B) Section 8.33(b)(2)(A) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279bb–2(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘8.6(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘8.6(d)’’. (vv) Section 8.32(a) of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279bb–1(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Not sooner than the expiration of the 3-year period begin-ning on the date of enactment of the Farm Cred-it System Reform Act of 1996, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’. (ww) Section 8.35 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279bb–4) is amended by striking subsection (e). (xx) Section 8.38 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 2279bb–7) is repealed. SEC. 5502. CONFORMING REPEALS. 
(a) Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 14, and 15 of the Agri-cultural Marketing Act (12 U.S.C. 1141b, 1141c, 1141d, 1141e, 1141f, 1141i, and 1141j) are re-pealed. (b) The Act of June 22, 1939, (Chapter 239; 53 Stat. 853; 12 U.S.C. 1141d–1) is repealed. (c) Section 201 of the Emergency Relief and Construction Act of 1932 (12 U.S.C. 1148) is re-pealed. (d) Section 2 of the Act of July 14, 1953, (Chapter 192; 67 Stat. 150; 12 U.S.C. 1148a–4) is repealed. (e) Sections 32 through 34 of the Farm Credit Act of 1937 (12 U.S.C. 1148b, 1148c, and 1148d) are repealed. (f) Sections 1 through 4 of the Act of March 3, 1932, (12 U.S.C. 1401 through 1404) are re-pealed. 
SEC. 5503. FACILITY HEADQUARTERS. 
Section 5.16 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2251) is amended by striking all that pre-cedes ‘‘to the rental of quarters’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5.16. QUARTERS AND FACILITIES FOR THE FARM CREDIT ADMINISTRATION. 
‘‘(a) The Farm Credit Administration shall maintain its principal office within the Wash-ington D.C.-Maryland-Virginia standard metro-politan statistical area, and such other offices within the United States as in its judgment are necessary. ‘‘(b) As an alternate’’. 
SEC. 5504. SHARING PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDEN-TIAL INFORMATION. 
Section 5.19 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2254) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) A System institution shall not be consid-ered to have waived the confidentiality of a privileged communication with an attorney or accountant if the institution provides the con-tent of the communication to the Farm Credit Administration pursuant to the supervisory or regulatory authorities of the Farm Credit Ad-ministration.’’. 
SEC. 5505. SCOPE OF JURISDICTION. 
Part C of title V of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2261–2274) is amended by insert-ing after section 5.31 the following: ‘‘SEC. 5.31A. SCOPE OF JURISDICTION. 
‘‘(a) For purposes of sections 5.25, 5.26, and 5.33, the jurisdiction of the Farm Credit Admin-istration over parties, and the authority of the Farm Credit Administration to initiate actions, shall include enforcement authority over insti-tution-affiliated parties. ‘‘(b) The resignation, termination of employ-ment or participation, or separation of an insti-tution-affiliated party (including a separation caused by the merger, consolidation, con-servatorship, or receivership of a System institu-tion) shall not affect the jurisdiction and au-thority of the Farm Credit Administration to issue any notice or order and proceed under this part against any such party, if the notice or order is served before the end of the 6-year pe-riod beginning on the date the party ceased to be such a party with respect to the System insti-tution (whether the date occurs before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion).’’. 
SEC. 5506. DEFINITION. 
Section 5.35 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2271) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (3); and (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5) and inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) the term ‘institution-affiliated party’ means— ‘‘(A) any director, officer, employee, share-holder, or agent of a System institution; ‘‘(B) any independent contractor (including any attorney, appraiser, or accountant) who knowingly or recklessly participates in— ‘‘(i) any violation of law (including regula-tions) that is associated with the operations and activities of 1 or more institutions; ‘‘(ii) any breach of fiduciary duty; or ‘‘(iii) any unsafe or unsound practice, which caused or is likely to cause more than a minimal financial loss to, or a significant adverse effect on, a System institution; and ‘‘(C) any other person, as determined by the Farm Credit Administration (by regulation or on a case-by-case basis) who participates in the conduct of the affairs of a System institution; and’’. 
SEC. 5507. EXPANSION OF ACREAGE EXCEPTION TO LOAN AMOUNT LIMITATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8.8(c)(2) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279aa–8(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘1,000’’ and inserting ‘‘2,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect 1 year after the date a report submitted in accordance with section 5602 of this Act indicates that it is fea-sible to increase the acreage limitation in section 8.8(c)(2) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 to 2,000 acres. 
SEC. 5508. COMPENSATION OF BANK DIRECTORS. 
Section 4.21 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2209) is repealed. 
SEC. 5509. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS. 
Section 5.65 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2277a–14) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION ON USES OF FUNDS RELATED  
TOFEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE COR-
PORATION .—No funds from administrative ac-counts or from the Farm Credit System Insur-ance Fund may be used by the Corporation to provide assistance to the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation or to support any activi-ties related to the Federal Agricultural Mort-gage Corporation.’’. Subtitle F—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 5601. STATE AGRICULTURAL MEDIATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 506 of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987 (7 U.S.C. 5106) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 5602. STUDY ON LOAN RISK. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Farm Credit Administration shall conduct a study that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4092 May 16, 2018 
(1) analyzes and compares the financial risks inherent in loans made, held, securitized, or purchased by Farm Credit banks, associations, and the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corpora-tion and how such risks are required to be cap-italized under statute and regulations in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) assesses the feasibility of increasing the acreage exception provided in section 8.8(c)(2) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 to 2,000 acres. (b) T
IMELINE .—The Farm Credit Administra-tion shall provide the results of the study re-quired by subsection (a) to the Committee on Ag-riculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate no later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE VI—RURAL INFRASTRUCTURE AND ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT Subtitle A—Improving Health Outcomes in Rural Communities 
SEC. 6001. PRIORITIZING PROJECTS TO MEET HEALTH CRISES IN RURAL AMERICA. 
(a) T EMPORARY PRIORITIZATION OF RURAL  H
EALTH ASSISTANCE .—Title VI of the Rural De-velopment Act of 1972 (7 U.S.C. 2204a–2204b) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 608. TEMPORARY PRIORITIZATION OF RURAL HEALTH ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TO PRIORITIZE CERTAIN  R
URAL HEALTH APPLICATIONS .—The Secretary, after consultation with such public health offi-cials as may be necessary, may announce a tem-porary reprioritization for certain rural develop-ment loan and grant applications to assist rural communities in responding to a specific health emergency. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENT OF ANNOUNCEMENT .—In the an- nouncement, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) specify the nature of the emergency af-fecting the heath of rural Americans; ‘‘(2) describe the actual and potential effects of the emergency on the rural United States; ‘‘(3) identify the services and treatments which can be used to reduce those effects; and ‘‘(4) publish the specific temporary changes needed to assist rural communities in respond-ing to the emergency ‘‘(c) N
OTICE .—Not later than 48 hours after making or extending an announcement under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate, and transmit to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, a written notice of the declaration or extension. ‘‘(d) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may extend an announcement under subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that the emergency will continue after the declaration would otherwise expire. ‘‘(e) E
XPIRATION .—An announcement under subsection (a) shall expire on the earlier of— ‘‘(1) the date the Secretary determines that the emergency has ended; or ‘‘(2) the end of the 360-day period beginning with the later of— ‘‘(A) the date the announcement was made; or ‘‘(B) the date the announcement was most re-cently extended.’’. (b) D
ISTANCE LEARNING AND TELEMEDICINE .— Section 2333(c) of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 950aaa–2(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) P
ROCEDURE DURING TEMPORARY  
REPRIORITIZATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—While a temporary reprioritization announced under section 608 of the Rural Development Act of 1972 is in effect, the Secretary shall make available not less than 10 percent of the amounts made available under section 2335A for financial assistance under this chapter, for telemedicine services to identify and treat individuals affected by the emergency, subject to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—In the case of a fiscal year for which the Secretary determines that there are not sufficient qualified applicants to receive financial assistance to reach the 10-percent re-quirement under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary may make available less than 10 percent of the amounts made available under section 2335A for those services.’’. (c) C
OMMUNITY FACILITIES DIRECT LOANS AND  G
RANTS .—Section 306(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(27) P
ROCEDURE DURING TEMPORARY  
REPRIORITIZATIONS .— ‘‘(A) S
ELECTION PRIORITY .—While a temporary reprioritization announced under section 608 of the Rural Development Act of 1972 is in effect, in selecting recipients of loans, loan guarantees, or grants for the development of essential com-munity facilities under this section, the Sec-retary shall give priority to entities eligible for those loans or grants— ‘‘(i) to develop facilities to provide services re-lated to reducing the effects of the health emer-gency, including— ‘‘(I) prevention services; ‘‘(II) treatment services; ‘‘(III) recovery services; or ‘‘(IV) any combination of those services; and ‘‘(ii) that employ staff that have appropriate expertise and training in how to identify and treat individuals affected by the emergency. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity de-scribed in subparagraph (A) that receives a loan or grant described in that subparagraph may use the loan or grant funds for the development of telehealth facilities and systems to provide for treatment directly related to the emergency in-volved.’’. (d) R
URAL HEALTH AND SAFETY EDUCATION  P
ROGRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 502(i) of the Rural Development Act of 1972 (7 U.S.C. 2662(i)) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) P
ROCEDURE DURING TEMPORARY  
REPRIORITIZATIONS .—While a temporary reprioritization announced under section 608 of the Rural Development Act of 1972 is in effect, in making grants under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall give priority to an applicant that will use the grant to address the announced emergency.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Title V of the Rural Development Act of 1972 (7 U.S.C. 2661 et seq.), as amended by paragraph (1) of this sub-section, is amended— (A) in section 502, in the matter preceding sub-section (a), by inserting ‘‘(referred to in this title as the ‘Secretary’)’’ after ‘‘Agriculture’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’ each place it appears (other than in section 502 in the matter preceding subsection (a)) and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
SEC. 6002. DISTANCE LEARNING AND TELEMEDI-CINE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 2335A of the Food, Agriculture, Conserva-tion, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 950aaa–5) is amended by striking ‘‘$75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$82,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1(b) of Public Law 102–551 (7 U.S.C. 950aaa note) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6003. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE FARM AND RANCH STRESS ASSISTANCE NET-WORK. 
Section 7522 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 5936) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, shall make competitive grants to support cooperative programs between State cooperative extension services and nonprofit organizations’’ and inserting ‘‘consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall make com-petitive grants to State cooperative extension services and Indian Tribes to support programs with nonprofit organizations in order’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Internet’’ before ‘‘websites’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) training for individuals who may assist farmers in crisis, including programs and work-shops;’’; and (C) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, including the dissemination of information and materials’’ before the semicolon at the end; (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘to enable the State cooperative extension services’’ and insert-ing ‘‘or Indian Tribes, as applicable,’’; (4) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘fiscal years’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 through 2023’’; and (5) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e) and inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) OVERSIGHT AND EVALUATION .—The Sec- retary, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall review and evaluate the stress assistance programs carried out pursuant to this section. ‘‘(1) P
ROGRAM REVIEW .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which a grant is first provided under this section, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) review the programs funded under a grant made under this section to evaluate the effectiveness of the services offered through such a program, and suggest alternative services not offered by such a grant recipient that would be appropriate for behavioral health services; and ‘‘(B) submit to the Congress, and make avail-able on the public Internet website of the De-partment of Agriculture, a report containing the results of the review conducted under subpara-graph (A) and a description of the services pro-vided through programs funded under such a grant. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—In making the re-port under paragraph (1) publicly available, the Secretary shall take such steps as may be nec-essary to ensure that the report does not contain any information that would identify any person who received services under a program funded under a grant made under this section.’’. 
SEC. 6004. SUPPORTING AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIA-TION HEALTH PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Agriculture may establish a loan program and a grant pro-gram to assist in the establishment of agricul-tural association health plans, in order to help bring new health options and lower priced health care coverage to rural Americans. (b) L
OANS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to plan years 2019 through 2022, the Secretary of Agriculture, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, may make not more than 10 loans under this section, for purposes of establishing agricultural association health plans, to qualified agricul-tural associations that have not received a loan under this section. (2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The proceeds of a loan made under this section may only be used to fi-nance costs associated with establishing and carrying out an agricultural association health plan. (3) L
OAN TERMS .—A loan made under this sec-tion shall— (A) bear interest at an annual rate equivalent to the cost of borrowing to the Department of the Treasury for obligations of comparable ma-turities; (B) have a term of such length, not exceeding 20 years, as the borrower may request; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4093 May 16, 2018 
(C) be in an amount not to exceed $15,000,000; (D) require that the borrower submit annual audited financial statements to the Secretary; and (E) include any other requirements or docu-mentation the Secretary deems necessary to carry out this section. (c) G
RANTS .—The Secretary may make grants to agricultural trade associations or industry as-sociations which have been in existence for at least three years prior to applying for such a grant to provide for technical assistance in es-tablishing an agricultural association health plan. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $65,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2022, to be available until expended. (2) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the funds made available under paragraph (1), not more than 15 percent of such funds shall be made available to make grants under subsection (c). (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
GRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION HEALTH  
PLAN.—The term ‘‘agricultural association health plan’’ means a group health plan within the meaning of section 733(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1191b)— (A) that is sponsored by a qualified agricul-tural association; and (B) with respect to which the Secretary has received a letter from the relevant State insur-ance commissioner certifying that such associa-tion may offer such plan in such State. (2) Q
UALIFIED AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION .— The term ‘‘qualified agricultural association’’ means an association— (A) composed of members that operate a farm or ranch or operate an agribusiness; (B) that qualifies as an association health plan within the meaning of guidance or regula-tion issued by the Department of Labor; (C) that acts directly or indirectly in the inter-est of its members in relation to the plan; (D) that is able to demonstrate an ability to implement and manage a group health plan; and (E) that meets any other criteria the Secretary deems necessary to meet the intent of this sec-tion. Subtitle B—Connecting Rural Americans to High Speed Broadband 
SEC. 6101. ESTABLISHING FORWARD-LOOKING BROADBAND STANDARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 601 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(1)(A), by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) demonstrate the ability to furnish or im-prove service in order to meet the broadband service standards established under subsection (e)(1) in all or part of an unserved or under-served rural area;’’; (2) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), for purposes of this section, the Secretary shall establish broadband service standards for rural areas which provide for— ‘‘(A) a minimum acceptable standard of serv-ice that requires the speed to be at least 25 megabits per second downstream transmission capacity and 3 megabits per second upstream transmission capacity; and ‘‘(B) projections of minimum acceptable stand-ards of service for 5, 10, 15, 20, and 30 years into the future. ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—At least once every 2 years, the Secretary shall review, and may adjust through notice published in the Federal Reg-ister, the broadband service standards in effect under paragraph (1) to encourage the delivery of high quality, cost-effective broadband service in rural areas. ‘‘(B) CONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing and adjusting the broadband service standards in ef-fect under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(i) the broadband service needs of rural fami-lies and businesses; ‘‘(ii) broadband service available to urban and suburban areas; ‘‘(iii) future technology needs of rural resi-dents; ‘‘(iv) advances in broadband technology; and ‘‘(v) other relevant factors as determined by the Secretary.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
GREEMENT .—The Secretary shall not provide a loan or loan guarantee under this sec-tion for a project unless the Secretary deter-mines, at the time the agreement to provide the loan or loan guarantee is entered into, that, at any time while the loan or loan guarantee is outstanding, the project will be capable of pro-viding broadband service at not less than the minimum acceptable standard of service estab-lished under paragraph (1)(B) for that time. ‘‘(5) S
UBSTITUTE SERVICE STANDARDS FOR  
UNIQUE SERVICE TERRITORIES .—If an applicant shows that it would be cost prohibitive to meet the minimum acceptable level of broadband serv-ice established under paragraph (1)(B) for the entirety of a proposed service territory due to the unique characteristics of the proposed serv-ice territory, the Secretary and the applicant may agree to utilize substitute standards for any unserved portion of the project. Any substitute service standards should continue to consider the matters described in paragraph (2)(B) and reflect the best technology available to meet the needs of the residents in the unserved area.’’; and (3) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘level of broadband service established under subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘standard of service estab-lished under subsection (e)(1)(A)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) M
INIMUM STANDARDS .—To the extent pos-sible, the terms and conditions under which a loan or loan guarantee is provided to an appli-cant for a project shall require that, at any time while the loan or loan guarantee is outstanding, the broadband network provided by the project will meet the lower of— ‘‘(A) the minimum acceptable standard of service projected under subsection (e)(1)(B) for that time, as agreed to by the applicant at the time the loan or loan guarantee is provided; or ‘‘(B) the minimum acceptable standard of service in effect under subsection (e)(1)(A) for that time.’’. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Within 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Rural Utilities Service (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘RUS’’) shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a written report on the effectiveness of RUS loan and loan guarantee programs for the pur-pose of expanding broadband to rural areas (as defined in RUS regulations), which shall— (1) identify administrative and legislative op-tions for incentivizing private investment by uti-lizing RUS loan guarantee programs for the purpose of expanding broadband to rural areas; (2) evaluate the existing borrower and lending guidelines for RUS loan and loan guarantee ap-plicants to incentivize participation in both pro-grams; (3) evaluate the loan and loan guarantee ap-plication processes for lenders and borrowers by eliminating burdensome and unnecessary steps in the application process and providing a more streamlined process to decrease the complexity of the application and the timeline from appli-cation to approval or denial; (4) identify opportunities to provide technical assistance and pre-development planning activi-ties to assist rural counties and communities to assess current and future broadband needs; and (5) identify and evaluate emerging tech-nologies, including next-generation satellite technologies, and ways to leverage the tech-nologies to provide high-speed, low-latency internet connectivity to rural areas. SEC. 6102. INCENTIVES FOR HARD TO REACH COMMUNITIES. 
Title VI of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 604. INCENTIVES FOR HARD TO REACH COMMUNITIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
SSOCIATED LOAN .—The term ‘associated loan’ means a loan or loan guarantee to finance all or part of a project under title I or II or this title for which an application has been sub-mitted under such title and for which an appli-cation has also been submitted for a grant under this section. ‘‘(2) D
ENSITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘density’ means service points per road mile. ‘‘(B) M
ETHOD OF CALCULATION .—The Sec- retary shall further define, by rule, a method for calculating service points per road-mile, where appropriate by geography, which— ‘‘(i) divides the total number of service points by the total number of road-miles in a proposed service territory; ‘‘(ii) requires an applicant to count all poten-tial service points in a proposed service terri-tory; and ‘‘(iii) includes any other requirements the Sec-retary deems necessary to protect the integrity of the program. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT .—The term ‘eligible project’ means any project for which the appli-cant— ‘‘(A) has submitted an application for an as-sociated loan; and ‘‘(B) does not receive any other broadband grant administered by the Rural Utilities Serv-ice; and ‘‘(C) proposes to— ‘‘(i) offer retail broadband service to rural households; ‘‘(ii) serve an area with a density of less than 12; ‘‘(iii) provide service that meets the standard that would apply under section 601(e)(4) if the associated loan had been applied for under sec-tion 601; ‘‘(iv) provide service in an area where no in-cumbent provider delivers fixed terrestrial broadband service at or above the minimum broadband speed described in section 601(e)(1); and ‘‘(v) provide service in an area where no eligi-ble borrower, other than the applicant, has out-standing Rural Utilities Service telecommuni-cations debt or is subject to a current Rural Utilities Service telecommunications grant agreement. ‘‘(4) S
ERVICE POINT .—The term ‘service point’ means a home, business, or institution in a pro-posed service area. ‘‘(5) R
OAD-MILE.—The term ‘road-mile’ means a mile of road in a proposed service area. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF GRANT PROGRAM .— The Secretary shall establish a competitive grant program to provide applicants funds to carry out eligible projects for the purposes of construction, improvement, or acquisition of fa-cilities for the provision of broadband service in rural areas. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATIONS .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an application process for grants under this section that— ‘‘(1) has 1 application window per year; ‘‘(2) permits a single application for the grant and the associated loan; and ‘‘(3) provides a single decision to award the grant and the associated loan. ‘‘(d) P
RIORITY .—In making grants under this section, the Secretary shall prioritize applica-tions in which the applicant proposes to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4094 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(1) provide the highest quality of service as measured by— ‘‘(A) network speed; ‘‘(B) network latency; and ‘‘(C) data allowances; ‘‘(2) serve the greatest number of service points; and ‘‘(3) use the greatest proportion of non-Fed-eral dollars. ‘‘(e) A
MOUNT .—The Secretary shall make each grant under this section in an amount that is— ‘‘(1) not greater than 75 percent of the total project cost with respect to an area with a den-sity of less than 4; ‘‘(2) not greater than 50 percent of the total project cost with respect to an area with a den-sity of 4 or more and not more than 9; and ‘‘(3) not greater than 25 percent of the total project cost with respect to an area with a den-sity of more than 9 and not more than 12. ‘‘(f) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—With respect to a grant provided under this section, the Sec-retary shall require that— ‘‘(1) the associated loan is secured by the as-sets purchased with funding from the grant and from the loan; ‘‘(2) the agreement in which the terms of the grant are established is for a period equal to the duration of the associated loan; and ‘‘(3) at any time at which the associated loan is outstanding, the broadband service provided by the project will meet the lower of the stand-ards that would apply under section 601(g)(4) if the associated loan had been made under sec-tion 601. ‘‘(g) P
AYMENT ASSISTANCE FOR CERTAIN AP-
PLICANTS UNDER THISTITLE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the grant pro-gram under this section, the Secretary, at the sole discretion of the Secretary, may provide to applicants who are eligible borrowers under this title and not eligible borrowers under title I or II all or a portion of the grant funds in the form of payment assistance. ‘‘(2) P
AYMENT ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary may provide payment assistance under para-graph (1) by reducing a borrower’s interest rate or periodic principal payments or both. ‘‘(3) A
GREEMENT ON MILESTONES AND OBJEC -
TIVES .—With respect to payment assistance pro-vided under paragraph (1), before entering into the agreement for the grant and associated loan under which the payment assistance will be pro-vided, the applicant and the Secretary shall agree to milestones and objectives of the project. ‘‘(4) C
ONDITION .—The Secretary shall condi-tion any payment assistance provided under paragraph (1) on— ‘‘(A) the applicant fulfilling the terms and conditions of the grant agreement under which the payment assistance will be provided; and ‘‘(B) completion of the milestones and objec-tives agreed to under paragraph (3). ‘‘(5) A
MENDMENT OF MILESTONES AND OBJEC -
TIVES .—The Secretary and the applicant may jointly agree to amend the milestones and objec-tives agreed to under paragraph (3). ‘‘(h) E
XISTING PROJECTS .—The Secretary may not provide a grant under this section to an ap-plicant for a project that was commenced before the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $350,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 to 2023.’’. 
SEC. 6103. REQUIRING GUARANTEED BROADBAND LENDING. 
Section 601(c)(1) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall make or guarantee loans’’ and inserting ‘‘shall make loans and shall guarantee loans’’. 
SEC. 6104. SMART UTILITY AUTHORITY FOR BROADBAND. 
(a) Section 331 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1981) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary may allow a recipient of a grant, loan, or loan guarantee provided by the Office of Rural Development under this title to use not more than 10 percent of the amount so pro-vided— ‘‘(A) for any activity for which assistance may be provided under section 601 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936; or ‘‘(B) to construct other broadband infrastruc-ture. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) of this subsection shall not apply to a recipient who is seeking to provide retail broadband service in any area where re-tail broadband service is available at the min-imum broadband speeds, as defined under sec-tion 601(e) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936.’’. (b) Title I of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 901–918a) is amended by inserting after section 7 the following: ‘‘SEC. 8. LIMITATIONS ON USE OF ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) Subject to subsections (b) and (c) of this section, the Secretary may allow a recipient of a grant, loan, or loan guarantee under this title to set aside not more than 10 percent of the amount so received to provide retail broadband service. ‘‘(b) A recipient who sets aside funds under subsection (a) of this section may use the funds only in an area that is not being provided with the minimum acceptable level of broadband serv-ice established under section 601(e), unless the recipient meets the requirements of section 601(d). ‘‘(c) Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the ability of any borrower to finance or deploy services authorized under this title.’’. 
SEC. 6105. MODIFICATIONS TO THE RURAL GIG-ABIT PROGRAM. 
Section 603 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb–2) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘RURAL GIGABIT NETWORK PILOT ’’ and in- serting ‘‘INNOVATIVE BROADBAND AD-VANCEMENT’’; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (4) by striking subsections (a) through (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a program to be known as the ‘Innovative Broadband Advancement Program’, under which the Secretary may provide a grant, a loan, or both to an eligible entity for the pur-pose of demonstrating innovative broadband technologies or methods of broadband deploy-ment that significantly decrease the cost of broadband deployment, and provide substan-tially faster broadband speeds than are avail-able, in a rural area. ‘‘(b) R
URAL AREA.—In this section, the term ‘rural area’ has the meaning provided in section 601(b)(3). ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to obtain as-sistance under this section for a project, an enti-ty shall— ‘‘(1) submit to the Secretary an application— ‘‘(A) that describes a project designed to de-crease the cost of broadband deployment, and substantially increase broadband speed to not less than the 20-year broadband speed estab-lished by the Rural Utilities Service under this title, in a rural area to be served by the project; and ‘‘(B) at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such other information as the Secretary may require; ‘‘(2) demonstrate that the entity is able to carry out the project; and ‘‘(3) agree to complete the project build-out within 5 years after the date the assistance is first provided for the project. ‘‘(d) P
RIORITIZATION .—In awarding assistance under this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to proposals for projects that— ‘‘(1) involve partnerships between or among multiple entities; ‘‘(2) would provide broadband service to the greatest number of rural residents at or above the minimum broadband speed referred to in subsection (c)(1)(A); and ‘‘(3) the Secretary determines could be rep-licated in rural areas described in paragraph (2).’’. SEC. 6106. UNIFIED BROADBAND REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 601 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb) is amended— (1) in subsection (j)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section’’ and inserting ‘‘Each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress a re-port that describes the extent of participation in the broadband loan, loan guarantee, and grant programs administered by the Secretary’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘loans ap-plied for and provided under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘loans, loan guarantees, and grants applied for and provided under the programs’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘loan’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘loans and loan guarantees provided under this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘loans, loan guarantees, and grants provided under the programs’’; (D) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘loan appli-cation under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘appli-cation under the programs’’; (E) in each of paragraphs (4) and (6), by strik-ing ‘‘this section’’ and inserting ‘‘the pro-grams’’; and (F) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘service’’ and inserting ‘‘tech-nology’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘(e)(1)’’; and (2) in subsection (k)(2), in each of subpara-graphs (A)(i) and (C), by striking ‘‘loans’’ and inserting ‘‘grants, loans,’’. 
SEC. 6107. IMPROVING ACCESS BY PROVIDING CERTAINTY TO BROADBAND BOR-ROWERS. 
(a) T ELEPHONE LOAN PROGRAM .—Title II of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 922–928) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 208. AUTHORITY TO OBLIGATE, BUT NOT DISBURSE, FUNDS BEFORE THE COMPLETION OF REVIEWS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may obli-gate, but shall not disburse, funds under this title for a project before the completion of any otherwise required environmental, historical, or other review of the project. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY TO DEOBLIGATE FUNDS.—The Secretary may deobligate funds under this title for a project if any such review will not be com-pleted within a reasonable period of time.’’. (b) R
URAL BROADBAND PROGRAM .—Section 601(d) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) A
UTHORITY TO OBLIGATE , BUT NOT DIS -
BURSE , FUNDS BEFORE COMPLETION OF REVIEWS ; 
AUTHORITY TO DEOBLIGATE FUNDS .—The Sec- retary may obligate, but shall not disburse, funds under this section for a project before the completion of any otherwise required environ-mental, historical, or other review of the project. The Secretary may deobligate funds under this section for a project if any such review will not be completed within a reasonable period of time.’’. 
SEC. 6108. SIMPLIFIED APPLICATION WINDOW. 
Section 601(c)(2)(A) of the Rural Electrifica-tion Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(c)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘not less than 2 evaluation periods’’ and inserting ‘‘1 evaluation period’’. 
SEC. 6109. ELIMINATION OF REQUIREMENT TO GIVE PRIORITY TO CERTAIN APPLI-CANTS. 
Section 601(c)(2) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(c)(2)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4095 May 16, 2018 
(1) by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end of subpara-graph (C) and inserting a period; and (2) by striking subparagraph (D). 
SEC. 6110. MODIFICATION OF BUILDOUT RE-QUIREMENT. 
Section 601(d)(1)(A)(iii) of the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(d)(1)(A)(iii)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘service’’ and inserting ‘‘infra-structure’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘5’’. 
SEC. 6111. IMPROVING BORROWER REFINANCING OPTIONS. 
(a) R EFINANCING OF BROADBAND LOANS.—Sec- tion 201 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 922) is amended by inserting ‘‘includ-ing indebtedness on a loan made under section 601’’ after ‘‘furnishing telephone service in rural areas’’. (b) R
EFINANCING OF OTHER LOANS.—Section 601(i) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 950bb(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, or on any other loan if the pur-pose for which such other loan was made is a telecommunications purpose for which assist-ance may be provided under this Act,’’ before ‘‘if the use of’’. 
SEC. 6112. ELIMINATION OF UNNECESSARY RE-PORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 601(d)(8)(A)(ii) of the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(d)(8)(A)(ii)) is amended— (1) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and loca-tion’’; and (2) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘any changes in broadband service adoption rates, in-cluding’’. 
SEC. 6113. ACCESS TO BROADBAND TELE-COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES IN RURAL AREAS. 
Section 601 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb) is amended— (1) in subsection (k), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) L
IMITATIONS ON AUTHORIZATION OF AP -
PROPRIATIONS .—For loans and loan guarantees under this section, there is authorized to be ap-propriated to the Secretary $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until expended.’’; and (2) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6114. MIDDLE MILE BROADBAND INFRA-STRUCTURE. 
Section 601 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘or middle mile infrastructure’’ before ‘‘in rural areas’’; (2) in subsection (b), by redesignating para-graphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4) and inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) M
IDDLE MILE INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘middle mile infrastructure’ means any broadband infrastructure that does not connect directly to end user locations (including anchor institutions) and may include interoffice trans-port, backhaul, Internet connectivity, data cen-ters, or special access transport to rural areas.’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and to construct, improve, or acquire middle mile infra-structure’’ before ‘‘in rural areas’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘, or in the case of middle mile infrastructure, offer the future ability to link,’’ before ‘‘the greatest pro-portion’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON MIDDLE MILE INFRASTRUC -
TURE PROJECTS .—The Secretary shall limit loans or loan guarantees for middle mile infrastruc-ture projects to no more than 20 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this sec-tion.’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (i) (as amended by section 6101(1) of this Act), by inserting ‘‘or extend middle mile infrastructure’’ before ‘‘in all’’; and (ii) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘or middle mile infrastructure’’ before ‘‘described’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or in-stall middle mile infrastructure’’ before ‘‘in the proposed’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) EXCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply with respect to a project if the project is eligible for funding under another title of this Act.’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
XCEPTION FOR MIDDLE MILE INFRA -
STRUCTURE .—Portions of a middle mile infra-structure project that ultimately meet the rural service requirements of this section may traverse an area not described in subsection (b)(4) when necessary.’’; (C) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, or con-struct, improve, or acquire middle mile infra-structure in,’’ before ‘‘a rural area’’; (D) in paragraph (5)(A)(v), by inserting ‘‘or, in the case of middle mile infrastructure, con-nect’’ before the semicolon; and (E) in paragraph (8)(A)(ii)— (i) in subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘or may’’ be-fore ‘‘receive’’; (ii) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘or capa-bility of middle mile infrastructure’’ before the semicolon; and (iii) in subclause (III), by inserting ‘‘, if appli-cable’’ before the semicolon; (5) in subsection (i)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
ORMIDDLE MILE INFRASTRUCTURE ’’ after ‘‘S
ERVICE ’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or middle mile infrastruc-ture’’ before ‘‘in rural areas’’; and (6) in subsection (j)(6), by inserting ‘‘or middle mile infrastructure’’ after ‘‘service’’ the 1st and 3rd places it appears. 
SEC. 6115. OUTDATED BROADBAND SYSTEMS. 
Title VI of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 605. OUTDATED BROADBAND SYSTEMS. 
‘‘Beginning October 1, 2020, the Secretary shall consider any portion of a service territory subject to an outstanding grant agreement be-tween the Secretary and a broadband provider in which broadband service is not provided at at least 10 megabits per second download and at least 1 megabit per second upload as unserved for the purposes of all broadband loan programs under this Act, unless the broadband provider has constructed or begun to construct broadband facilities in the service territory that meet the minimum acceptable standard of serv-ice established under section 601(e)(1) for the area in which the service territory is located.’’. 
SEC. 6116. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments made by this subtitle shall not take effect until the Sec-retary of Agriculture has issued final regula-tions to implement the amendments. (b) D
EADLINE FOR ISSUING REGULATIONS .— Within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall prescribe final regulations to implement the amendments made by sections 6101 and 6102. Subtitle C—Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act 
SEC. 6201. STRENGTHENING REGIONAL ECO-NOMIC DEVELOPMENT INCENTIVES. 
Section 379H of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2008v) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 379H. STRATEGIC ECONOMIC AND COMMU-NITY DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any program as determined by the Secretary, the Secretary shall give priority to an application for a project that, as determined and approved by the Sec-retary— ‘‘(1) meets the applicable eligibility require-ments of this title or other applicable author-izing law; ‘‘(2) will be carried out in a rural area; and ‘‘(3) supports the implementation of a stra-tegic community investment plan described in subsection (d) on a multisectoral and multijuris-dictional basis. ‘‘(b) RESERVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary shall reserve a portion of the funds made available for a fiscal year for pro-grams as determined by the Secretary, for projects that support the implementation of a strategic community investment plan described in subsection (d) on a multisectoral and multi-jurisdictional basis. ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—The reservation of funds de-scribed in paragraph (1) may only extend through a date of the fiscal year in which the funds were first made available, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) A
PPROVED APPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any applicant who sub-mitted a funding application that was approved before the date of enactment of this section may amend the application to qualify for the funds reserved under subsection (b). ‘‘(2) R
URAL UTILITIES .—Any rural develop-ment application authorized under section 306(a)(2), 306(a)(14), 306(a)(24), 306A, or 310B(b) and approved by the Secretary before the date of enactment of this section shall be eligible for the funds reserved under subsection (b) on the same basis as the applications submitted under this section, until September 30, 2019. ‘‘(d) S
TRATEGIC COMMUNITY INVESTMENT  P
LANS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide assistance to rural communities for developing strategic community investment plans. ‘‘(2) P
LANS.—A strategic community invest-ment plan described in paragraph (1) shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) a variety of activities designed to facili-tate a rural community’s vision for its future; ‘‘(B) participation by multiple stakeholders, including local and regional partners; ‘‘(C) leverage of applicable regional resources; ‘‘(D) investment from strategic partners, such as— ‘‘(i) private organizations; ‘‘(ii) cooperatives; ‘‘(iii) other government entities; ‘‘(iv) tribes; and ‘‘(v) philanthropic organizations; ‘‘(E) clear objectives with the ability to estab-lish measurable performance metrics; ‘‘(F) action steps for implementation; and ‘‘(G) any other elements necessary to ensure that the plan results in a comprehensive and strategic approach to rural economic develop-ment, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate with tribes and local, State, regional, and Federal partners to develop strategic com-munity investment plans under this subsection. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATIONS ON AUTHORIZATION OF AP -
PROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for fiscal years 2018 through 2023 to carry out this subsection. ‘‘(B) A
VAILABILITY .—The amounts made available to carry out this subsection are au-thorized to remain available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 6202. EXPANDING ACCESS TO CREDIT FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES. 
(a) C ERTAIN PROGRAMS UNDER THE CONSOLI -
DATED FARM AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT ACT.— Section 343(a)(13) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
AND GUARAN -
TEED’’; and (B) in the text— (i) by striking ‘‘and guaranteed’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(1), (2), and (24)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(1) and (2)’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘and guaranteed’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4096 May 16, 2018 
(B) by striking ‘‘(21), and (24)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (21)’’. (b) R
URAL BROADBAND PROGRAM .—Paragraph (4)(A)(ii) of section 601(b) of the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(b)), as re-designated by section 6114(2), is amended by in-serting ‘‘in the case of a direct loan,’’ before ‘‘a city’’. 
SEC. 6203. PROVIDING FOR ADDITIONAL FEES FOR GUARANTEED LOANS. 
(a) C ERTAIN PROGRAMS UNDER THE CONSOLI -
DATED FARM AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT ACT.— Section 333 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1983) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (5); (2) by striking the period at the end of para-graph (6) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) in the case of an insured or guaranteed loan issued or modified under section 306(a), charge and collect from the recipient of the in-sured or guaranteed loan fees in such amounts as are necessary so that the sum of the total amount of fees so charged in each fiscal year and the total of the amounts appropriated for all such insured or guaranteed loans for the fis-cal year equals the subsidy cost for the insured or guaranteed loans in the fiscal year.’’. (b) R
URAL BROADBAND PROGRAM .—Section 601(c) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(c)), as amended by section 6114, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) F
EES.—In the case of a loan guarantee issued or modified under this section, the Sec-retary shall charge and collect from the recipi-ent of the guarantee fees in such amounts as are necessary so that the sum of the total amount of fees so charged in each fiscal year and the total of the amounts appropriated for all such loan guarantees for the fiscal year equals the subsidy cost for the loan guarantees in the fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 6204. WATER, WASTE DISPOSAL, AND WASTE-WATER FACILITY GRANTS. 
Section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$200,000’’; and (2) in clause (vii), by striking ‘‘$30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2008 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘$15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 6205. RURAL WATER AND WASTEWATER TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND TRAIN-ING PROGRAMS. 
(a) Section 306(a)(14)(A) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(14)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (ii); (2) by striking the period at the end of clause (iii) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) identify options to enhance long term sustainability of rural water and waste systems to include operational practices, revenue en-hancements, policy revisions, partnerships, con-solidation, regionalization, or contract serv-ices.’’. (b) Section 306(a)(14)(C) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(14)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘1 nor more than 3’’ and inserting ‘‘3 nor more than 5’’. 
SEC. 6206. RURAL WATER AND WASTEWATER CIR-CUIT RIDER PROGRAM. 
Section 306(a)(22)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(22)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘$20,000,000 for fiscal year 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000 for fiscal year 2018’’. 
SEC. 6207. TRIBAL COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITY ES-SENTIAL COMMUNITY FACILITIES. 
Section 306(a)(25)(C) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(25)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2008 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. SEC. 6208. EMERGENCY AND IMMINENT COMMU-NITY WATER ASSISTANCE GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 306A(i) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926a(i)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) R
ELEASE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), funds reserved under subparagraph (A) for a fiscal year shall be reserved only until July 1 of the fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—In response to an eligible community where the drinking water supplies are inadequate due to a natural disaster, as de-termined by the Secretary, including drought or severe weather, the Secretary may provide pota-ble water under this section for an additional period not to exceed 120 days beyond the estab-lished period otherwise provided under this sec-tion, in order to protect public health.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$35,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2008 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$27,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 6209. WATER SYSTEMS FOR RURAL AND NA-TIVE VILLAGES IN ALASKA. 
Section 306D(d)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926d(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6210. HOUSEHOLD WATER WELL SYSTEMS. 
Section 306E(d) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926e(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6211. SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT GRANTS. 
Section 310B(b)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6212. RURAL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT GRANTS. 
Section 310B(c)(4)(A) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)(4)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6213. RURAL COOPERATIVE DEVELOPMENT GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 310B(e)(13) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(e)(13)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 310B(e)(11)(B)(i) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(e)(11)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘(12)’’ and inserting ‘‘(13)’’. 
SEC. 6214. LOCALLY OR REGIONALLY PRODUCED AGRICULTURAL FOOD PRODUCTS. 
Section 310B(g)(9)(B)(iv)(I) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(g)(9)(B)(iv)(I)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6215. APPROPRIATE TECHNOLOGY TRANS-FER FOR RURAL AREAS PROGRAM. 
Section 310B(i)(4) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(i)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6216. RURAL ECONOMIC AREA PARTNERSHIP ZONES. 
Section 310B(j) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(j)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6217. INTERMEDIARY RELENDING PROGRAM. 
Section 310H(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1936b(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘$25,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. SEC. 6218. EXCLUSION OF PRISON POPULATIONS FROM DEFINITION OF RURAL AREA. 
Section 343(a)(13) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(G)’’ and inserting ‘‘(H)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) E
XCLUSION OF POPULATIONS INCARCER -
ATED ON A LONG -TERM BASIS .—Populations of individuals incarcerated on a long-term or re-gional basis shall not be included in determining whether an area is ‘rural’ or a ‘rural area’.’’. 
SEC. 6219. NATIONAL RURAL DEVELOPMENT PARTNERSHIP. 
Section 378 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2008m) is amended— (1) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6220. GRANTS FOR NOAA WEATHER RADIO TRANSMITTERS. 
Section 379B(d) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2008p(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6221. RURAL MICROENTREPRENEUR ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 379E(d) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2008s(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 6222. HEALTH CARE SERVICES. 
Section 379G(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2008u(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6223. DELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 382M(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 (U.S.C. 2009aa–12(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2008 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. (b) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 382N of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2009aa–13) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6224. NORTHERN GREAT PLAINS REGIONAL AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 383N(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009bb–12(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘$30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2008 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (b) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 383O of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2009bb–13) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6225. RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 384S of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–18) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle D—Rural Electrification Act of 1936 
SEC. 6301. GUARANTEES FOR BONDS AND NOTES ISSUED FOR ELECTRIFICATION OR TELEPHONE PURPOSES. 
Section 313A(f) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 940c–1(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6302. EXPANSION OF 911 ACCESS. 
Section 315(d) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 940e(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6303. IMPROVEMENTS TO THE GUARANTEED UNDERWRITER PROGRAM. 
(a) Section 313A of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 940c-1) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) G
UARANTEES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4097 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary shall guarantee payments on bonds or notes issued by cooperative or other lenders organized on a not-for-profit basis, if the proceeds of the bonds or notes are used to make utility infrastructure loans, or refinance bonds or notes issued for such purposes, to a borrower that has at any time received, or is eli-gible to receive, a loan under this Act. ‘‘(2) T
ERMS .—A bond or note guaranteed under this section shall— ‘‘(A) have a term of 35 years; and ‘‘(B) by agreement between the Secretary and the borrower, be repaid by the borrower by— ‘‘(i) periodic installments of principal and in-terest; ‘‘(ii) periodic installments of interest and, at the end of the term of the bond or note, by the repayment of the outstanding principal; or ‘‘(iii) a combination of the methods for repay-ment provided under clauses (i) and (ii).’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for eligible electrification or telephone purposes consistent with this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘to borrowers de-scribed in subsection (a)’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for elec-trification or telephone purposes’’ and inserting ‘‘to borrowers under this Act’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘for eligi-ble purposes described in subsection (a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘to borrowers described in subsection (a)’’. (b)(1) The Secretary shall carry out section 313A of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 940c–1), including the amendments made by this section, under a Notice of Solicitation of Applications until all regulations necessary to carry out the amendments made by this section are fully implemented. (2) Paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6304. EXTENSION OF THE RURAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT LOAN AND GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) Section 12(b)(3)(D) of the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 912(b)(3)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘313(b)(2)(A)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘313(b)(2)’’. (b) Section 313(b)(2) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 940c(b)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking all that precedes ‘‘shall main-tain’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) R
URAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT SUB -
ACCOUNT .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by striking subparagraphs (B) through (E). (c) Title III of such Act (7 U.S.C. 931–940h) is amended by inserting after section 313A the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 313B. RURAL DEVELOPMENT LOANS AND GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide grants or zero interest loans to borrowers under this Act for the purpose of promoting rural economic development and job creation projects, including funding for project feasibility studies, start-up costs, incubator projects, and other reasonable expenses for the purpose of fos-tering rural development. ‘‘(b) R
EPAYMENTS .—In the case of zero inter-est loans, the Secretary shall establish such rea-sonable repayment terms as will encourage bor-rower participation. ‘‘(c) P
ROCEEDS .—All proceeds from the repay-ment of such loans made under this section shall be returned to the subaccount that the Secretary shall maintain in accordance with sections 313(b)(2) and 313B(f). ‘‘(d) N
UMBER OF GRANTS .—Loans and grants required under this section shall be made during each fiscal year to the full extent of the amounts made available under subsection (e). ‘‘(e) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) D
ISCRETIONARY FUNDING .—In addition to other funds that are available to carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated not more than $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to carry out this section, to remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) OTHER FUNDS .—In addition to the funds described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall use to provide grants and loans under this sec-tion— ‘‘(A) the interest differential sums credited to the subaccount described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(B) subject to section 313A(e)(2), the fees de-scribed in subsection (c)(4) of such section. ‘‘(f) M
AINTENANCE OF ACCOUNT .—The Sec- retary shall maintain the subaccount described in section 313(b)(2), as in effect in fiscal year 2017, for purposes of carrying out this section.’’. (d) Section 313A of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 940c-1) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘main-tained under section 313(b)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘that shall be maintained as required by sec-tions 313(b)(2) and 313B(f)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘313(b)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘313(b)(2)’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘ main-tained under section 313(b)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘required to be maintained by sections 313(b)(2) and 313B(f)’’. (e)(1) Subject to section 313B(e) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (as added by this sec-tion), the Secretary of Agriculture shall carry out the loan and grant program required under such section in the same manner as the loan and grant program under section 313(b)(2) of such Act is carried out on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, until such time as any regulations necessary to carry out the amendments made by this section are fully implemented. (2) Paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle E—Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 
SEC. 6401. RURAL ENERGY SAVINGS PROGRAM. 
Section 6407 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107a) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (7) as paragraphs (5) through (8), respectively; (B) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) E
LIGIBILITY FOR OTHER LOANS .—The Sec- retary shall not include any debt incurred under this section in the calculation of a borrower’s debt-equity ratio for purposes of eligibility for loans made pursuant to the Rural Electrifica-tion Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 901 et. seq.).’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) A
CCOUNTING .—The Secretary shall take appropriate steps to streamline the accounting requirements imposed on borrowers under this section while maintaining adequate assurances of repayment of the loan.’’; (2) in subsection (d)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘3 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (i); (4) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(h) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Ag-riculture and Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry and Appropria-tions of the Senate a report that describes— ‘‘(1) the number of applications received under this section in such fiscal year; ‘‘(2) the number of loans made to eligible enti-ties under this section in such fiscal year; and ‘‘(3) the recipients of such loans.’’; and (5) in subsection (i), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6402. BIOBASED MARKETS PROGRAM. 
Section 9002 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8102) is amend-ed— (1) by amending subsection (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2023.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) W
OOD AND WOOD-BASED PRODUCTS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a Federal agency may not place limitations on the procurement of wood and wood-based products that are more limiting than those in this sec-tion.’’. 
SEC. 6403. BIOREFINERY, RENEWABLE, CHEM-ICAL, AND BIOBASED PRODUCT MAN-UFACTURING ASSISTANCE. 
Section 9003 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8103) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)(3)(A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end and inserting ‘‘or’’; and (2) by amending subsection (g) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 6404. REPOWERING ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 9004(d) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8104(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 6405. BIOENERGY PROGRAM FOR ADVANCED BIOFUELS. 
Section 9005 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8105) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary may’’ and in-serting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) A
MOUNT .—The Secretary shall’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) F
EEDSTOCK .—The total amount of pay-ments made in a fiscal year under this section to one or more eligible producers for the production of advanced biofuels derived from a single eligi-ble commodity shall not exceed one-third of the total amount of funds made available under subsection (g).’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-serting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). 
SEC. 6406. BIODIESEL FUEL EDUCATION PRO-GRAM. 
Section 9006(d) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8106(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 6407. RURAL ENERGY FOR AMERICA PRO-GRAM. 
Section 9007(g) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2014 and each fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of the fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6408. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR GRANTS AND FINANCIAL ASSIST-ANCE MADE UNDER THE RURAL EN-ERGY FOR AMERICA PROGRAM. 
Section 9007 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4098 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(h) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .—The provision of a grant or financial assistance under this sec-tion to any electric generating facility, includ-ing one fueled with wind, solar, or biomass, that has a rating of 10 average megawatts or less is a category of actions hereby designated as being categorically excluded from any requirement to prepare an environmental assessment or an en-vironmental impact statement under section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332).’’. 
SEC. 6409. RURAL ENERGY SELF-SUFFICIENCY INITIATIVE. 
Section 9009 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8109) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 6410. FEEDSTOCK FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 9010(b) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8110(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6411. BIOMASS CROP ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 9011(f) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8111(f)) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and insert-ing the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. Subtitle F—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 6501. VALUE-ADDED AGRICULTURAL PROD-UCT MARKET DEVELOPMENT GRANTS. 
Section 231(b)(7) of the Agricultural Risk Pro-tection Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 1632a(b)(7)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$40,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2008 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2023’’; and (2) by striking subparagraph (A) and redesig-nating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subpara-graphs (A) and (B), respectively. 
SEC. 6502. AGRICULTURE INNOVATION CENTER DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
Section 6402(i) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 1632b(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6503. REGIONAL ECONOMIC AND INFRA-STRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT COM-MISSIONS. 
Section 15751(a) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6504. DEFINITION OF RURAL AREA FOR PUR-POSES OF THE HOUSING ACT OF 1949. 
The second sentence of section 520 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘or 2010 decennial census’’ and inserting ‘‘2010, or 2020 decennial census’’; (2) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2010,’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2020,’’ ; and (3) by striking ‘‘year 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘year 2030’’. Subtitle G—Program Repeals 
SEC. 6601. ELIMINATION OF UNFUNDED PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) C ONSOLIDATED FARM AND RURAL DEVEL-
OPMENT ACT.— (1) R
EPEALERS .—The following provisions of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are hereby repealed: (A) Section 306(a)(23) (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(23)). (B) Section 310B(f) (7 U.S.C. 1932(f)). (C) Section 379 (7 U.S.C. 2008n). (D) Section 379A (7 U.S.C. 2008o). (E) Section 379C (7 U.S.C. 2008q). (F) Section 379D (7 U.S.C. 2008r). (G) Section 379F (7 U.S.C. 2008t). (H) Subtitle I (7 U.S.C. 2009dd–2009dd-7). (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 333A(h) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1983a(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘310B(f),’’. (b) R
URAL ELECTRIFICATION ACT OF 1936.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The following provisions of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 are hereby repealed: (A) Section 314 (7 U.S.C. 940d). (B) Section 602 (7 U.S.C. 950bb-1). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Sections 604 and 605 of such Act, as added by sections 6102 and 6115 of this Act, are redesignated as sec-tions 602 and 604, respectively, and section 602 (as so redesignated) is transferred to just after section 601 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936. 
SEC. 6602. REPEAL OF RURAL TELEPHONE BANK. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Title IV of the Rural Electrifica-tion Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 941–950b) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 18 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 918) is amended in each of subsections (a) and (b) by striking ‘‘and the Governor of the telephone bank’’. (2) Section 204 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 925) is amended by striking ‘‘and the Governor of the telephone bank’’. (3) Section 205(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 926) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and the Governor of the telephone bank’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or the Gov-ernor of the telephone bank’’. (4) Section 206(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 927(a)) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and the Governor of the telephone bank’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘or 408’’. (5) Section 206(b) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 927(b)) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and the Governor of the telephone bank’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘, or a Rural Telephone Bank loan,’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, the Rural Telephone Bank,’’. (6) Section 207(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 928(1)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘305,’’ and inserting ‘‘ 305 or’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘, or a loan under section 408,’’. (7) Section 301 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 931) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘except for net collection proceeds previously appropriated for the purchase of class A stock in the Rural Telephone Bank,’’; (B) by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (4); (C) by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end of para-graph (5) and inserting a period; and (D) by striking paragraph (6). (8) Section 305(d)(2)(B) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 935(d)(2)(B)) is amended— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and a loan under section 408’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and under sec-tion 408’’ each place it appears. (9) Section 305(d)(3)(C) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 935(d)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘and sec-tion 408(b)(4)(C), the Secretary and the Gov-ernor of the telephone bank’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary’’. (10) Section 306 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 936) is amended by striking ‘‘the Rural Telephone Bank, National Rural Utilities Cooperative Fi-nance Corporation,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Na-tional Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Cor-poration’’. (11) Section 309 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 739) is amended by striking the last sentence. (12) Section 2352(b) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 901 note) is amended by striking ‘‘the Rural Telephone Bank and’’. (13) The first section of Public Law 92–12 (7 U.S.C. 921a) is repealed. (14) The first section of Public Law 92–324 (7 U.S.C. 921b) is repealed. (15) Section 1414 of the Omnibus Budget Rec-onciliation Act of 1987 (7 U.S.C. 944a) is re-pealed. (16) Section 1411 of the Omnibus Budget Rec-onciliation Act of 1987 (7 U.S.C. 948 notes) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b). (17) Section 3.8(b)(1)(A) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2129(b)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘or a loan or loan commitment from the Rural Telephone Bank,’’. (18) Section 105(d) of the National Consumer Cooperative Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 3015(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Rural Telephone Bank,’’. (19) Section 9101 of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graph (H) and redesignating subparagraphs (I), (J), and (K) as subparagraphs (H), (I), and (J), respectively; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-graph (K) and redesignating subparagraphs (L) through (R) as subparagraphs (K) through (P), respectively. (20) Section 9108(d)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Rural Tele-phone Bank (when the ownership, control, and operation of the Bank are converted under sec-tion 410(a) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950(a))),’’. 
SEC. 6603. AMENDMENTS TO LOCAL TV ACT. 
The Launching Our Communities’ Access to Local Television Act of 2000 (title X of H.R. 5548 of the 106th Congress, as enacted by section 1(a)(2) of Public Law 106–553; 114 Stat. 2762A– 128) is amended— (1) by striking the title heading and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE X—SATELLITE CARRIER RETRANSMISSION ELIGIBILITY’’; (2) by striking sections 1001 through 1007 and 1009 through 1012; and (3) by redesignating section 1008 as section 1001. Subtitle H—Technical Corrections 
SEC. 6701. CORRECTIONS RELATING TO THE CON-SOLIDATED FARM AND RURAL DE-VELOPMENT ACT. 
(a)(1) Section 306(a)(19)(A) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(19)(A)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘nonprofit corporations’’ the following: ‘‘, Indian tribes (as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act)’’. (2) The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as if included in section 773 of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2001 (H.R. 5426 of the 106th Congress, as enacted by Public Law 106–387 (114 Stat. 1549A–45)) in lieu of the amendment made by such section. (b)(1) Section 309A(b) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1929a(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘and section 308’’. (2) The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 661(c)(2) of the Federal Agricultural Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–127). (c) Section 310B(c)(3)(A)(v) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)(3)(A)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon and inserting ‘‘or’’. (d)(1) Section 310B(e)(5)(F) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(e)(5)(F)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, except that the Secretary shall not require non- Federal financial support in an amount that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4099 May 16, 2018 
greater than 5 percent in the case of a 1994 insti-tution (as defined in section 532 of the Equity in Educational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382))’’ before the period at the end. (2) The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 6015 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–171). (e)(1) Section 381E(d)(3) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009d(d)(3)) is amended by striking subpara-graph (A) and redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively. (2) The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 6012(b) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). (f)(1) Section 382A of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009aa) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the State of Alabama shall be a full member of the Delta Regional Authority and shall be en-titled to all rights and privileges that said mem-bership affords to all other participating States in the Delta Regional Authority.’’. (2) The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 153(b) of division B of H.R. 5666, as introduced in the 106th Congress, and as en-acted by section 1(4) of the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2001 (Appendix D of Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–252). (g) Section 382E(a)(1)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C.2009aa-4(a)(1)(B)) is amended by moving clause (iv) 2 ems to the right. (h) Section 383G(c) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009bb- 5(c)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading by striking ‘‘T
ELECOMMUNICATION RENEWABLE ENERGY ,,’’ and inserting ‘‘T
ELECOMMUNICATION , RENEW -
ABLE ENERGY ,’’; and (2) in the text, by striking ‘‘,,’’ and inserting a comma. 
SEC. 6702. CORRECTIONS RELATING TO THE RURAL ELECTRIFICATION ACT OF 1936. 
(a) Section 201 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 922) is amended in the 3rd sen-tence by striking ‘‘wildest’’ and inserting ‘‘widest’’. (b)(1) Section 601(d)(8)(A)(ii)(V) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 950bb(d)(8)(A)(ii)(V)) is amended by striking the semicolon and inserting a period. (2) The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 6104(a)(2)(E) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). TITLE VII—RESEARCH, EXTENSION, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 
SEC. 7101. INTERNATIONAL AGRICULTURE RE-SEARCH. 
Section 1402 of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3101) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) support international scientific collabora-tion that leverages resources and advances the food and agricultural interests of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 7102. MATTERS RELATED TO CERTAIN SCHOOL DESIGNATIONS AND DEC-LARATIONS. 
(a) S TUDY OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURAL  S
CIENCES .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Section 1404(14) of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103(14)) is amended— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION .—The terms ‘NLGCA Institu-tion’ and ‘non-land-grant college of agriculture’ mean a public college or university offering a baccalaureate or higher degree in the study of agricultural sciences, forestry, or both in any area of study specified in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) C
LARIFICATION .—For purposes of clause (i), an area of study specified in this clause is any of the following: ‘‘(I) Agriculture. ‘‘(II) Agricultural business and management. ‘‘(III) Agricultural economics. ‘‘(IV) Agricultural mechanization. ‘‘(V) Agricultural production operations. ‘‘(VI) Aquaculture. ‘‘(VII) Agricultural and food products proc-essing. ‘‘(VIII) Agricultural and domestic animal services. ‘‘(IX) Equestrian or equine studies. ‘‘(X) Applied horticulture or horticulture op-erations. ‘‘(XI) Ornamental horticulture. ‘‘(XII) Greenhouse operations and manage-ment. ‘‘(XIII) Turf and turfgrass management. ‘‘(XIV) Plant nursery operations and manage-ment. ‘‘(XV) Floriculture or floristry operations and management. ‘‘(XVI) International agriculture. ‘‘(XVII) Agricultural public services. ‘‘(XVIII) Agricultural and extension edu-cation services. ‘‘(XIX) Agricultural communication or agri-cultural journalism. ‘‘(XX) Animal sciences. ‘‘(XXI) Food science. ‘‘(XXII) Plant sciences. ‘‘(XXIII) Soil sciences. ‘‘(XXIV) Forestry. ‘‘(XXV) Forest sciences and biology. ‘‘(XXVI) Natural resources or conservation. ‘‘(XXVII) Natural resources management and policy. ‘‘(XXVIII) Natural resource economics. ‘‘(XXIX) Urban forestry. ‘‘(XXX) Wood science and wood products or pulp or paper technology. ‘‘(XXXI) Range science and management. ‘‘(XXXII) Agricultural engineering.’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘any institution designated under’’ after ‘‘include’’; (ii) by striking clause (i); and (iii) in clause (ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘(ii) any institution designated under—’’; (II) by striking subclause (IV); (III) in subclause (II), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; (IV) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (V) by redesignating subclauses (I), (II), and (III) (as so amended) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respectively, and by moving the margins of such clauses (as so redesignated) two ems to the left. (2) D
ESIGNATION REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall establish a process to review each designated NLGCA Institution (as defined in section 1404(14)(A) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103(14)(A))) to ensure compli-ance with such section, as amended by this sub-section. (B) V
IOLATION .—An NLGCA Institution that the Secretary determines under subparagraph (A) to be not in compliance shall have the des-ignation of such institution revoked. (b) TERMINATION OF CERTAIN DECLARATIONS  
OFINTENT .—Section 1404 of the National Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in paragraph (10)(C), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7103. NATIONAL AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH, EXTENSION, EDUCATION, AND ECO-NOMICS ADVISORY BOARD. 
Section 1408 of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3123) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘25’’ and in-serting ‘‘15’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP CATEGORIES .—The Advisory Board shall consist of members from each of the following categories: ‘‘(A) 3 members representing national farm or producer organizations, which may include members— ‘‘(i) representing farm cooperatives; ‘‘(ii) who are producers actively engaged in the production of a food animal commodity and who are recommended by a coalition of national livestock organizations; ‘‘(iii) who are producers actively engaged in the production of a plant commodity and who are recommended by a coalition of national crop organizations; or ‘‘(iv) who are producers actively engaged in aquaculture and who are recommended by a co-alition of national aquacultural organizations. ‘‘(B) 2 members representing academic or re-search societies, which may include members representing— ‘‘(i) a national food animal science society; ‘‘(ii) a national crop, soil, agronomy, horti-culture, plant pathology, or weed science soci-ety; ‘‘(iii) a national food science organization; ‘‘(iv) a national human health association; or ‘‘(v) a national nutritional science society. ‘‘(C) 5 members representing agricultural re-search, extension, and education, which shall include each of the following: ‘‘(i) 1 member representing the land-grant col-leges and universities eligible to receive funds under the Act of July 2, 1862 (7 U.S.C. 301 et seq.). ‘‘(ii) 1 member representing the land-grant colleges and universities eligible to receive funds under the Act of August 30, 1890 (7 U.S.C. 321 et seq.), including Tuskegee University. ‘‘(iii) 1 member representing the 1994 Institu-tions (as defined in section 532 of the Equity in Educational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382)). ‘‘(iv) 1 member representing NLGCA Institu-tions or Hispanic-serving institutions. ‘‘(v) 1 member representing the American Col-leges of Veterinary Medicine. ‘‘(D) 5 members representing industry, con-sumer, or rural interests, including members rep-resenting— ‘‘(i) entities engaged in transportation of food and agricultural products to domestic and for-eign markets; ‘‘(ii) food retailing and marketing interests; ‘‘(iii) food and fiber processors; ‘‘(iv) rural economic development interests; ‘‘(v) a national consumer interest group; ‘‘(vi) a national forestry group; ‘‘(vii) a national conservation or natural re-source group; ‘‘(viii) a national social science association; or ‘‘(ix) private sector organizations involved in international development.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘review and’’ and inserting ‘‘make recommendations, review, and’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-ing the following new subparagraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4100 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(A) long-term and short-term national poli-cies and priorities consistent with the— ‘‘(i) purposes specified in section 1402 for agri-cultural research, extension, education, and ec-onomics; and ‘‘(ii) priority areas of the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative specified in subsection (b)(2) of the Competitive, Special, and Facilities Research Grant Act (7 U.S.C. 3157(b)(2));’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking clause (i) and inserting the following new clause: ‘‘(i) are in accordance with the— ‘‘(I) purposes specified in a provision of a cov-ered law (as defined in subsection (d) of section 1492) under which competitive grants (described in subsection (c) of such section) are awarded; and ‘‘(II) priority areas of the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative specified in subsection (b)(2) of the Competitive, Special, and Facilities Research Grant Act (7 U.S.C. 3157(b)(2)); and’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and make recommendations to the Secretary based on such evaluation’’ after ‘‘priorities’’; and (C) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and make recommendations on’’ after ‘‘review’’; and (3) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7104. SPECIALTY CROP COMMITTEE. 
Section 1408A(a)(2) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3123a(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘spe-ciality’’ and inserting ‘‘specialty’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘9’’ and inserting ‘‘11’’; and (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘Three’’ and in-serting ‘‘Five’’; and (3) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7105. RENEWABLE ENERGY COMMITTEE DIS-CONTINUED. 
Subtitle B of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3121 et seq.) is amended by strik-ing section 1408B. 
SEC. 7106. REPORT ON ALLOCATIONS AND MATCHING FUNDS FOR 1890 INSTI-TUTIONS. 
The Secretary of Agriculture shall annually transmit to Congress a report on the allocations made to, and matching funds received by, eligi-ble institutions pursuant to sections 1444 and 1445 of the National Agricultural Research, Ex-tension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3221, 3222). 
SEC. 7107. GRANTS AND FELLOWSHIPS FOR FOOD AND AGRICULTURE SCIENCES EDU-CATION. 
Section 1417(m)(2) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3152(m)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7108. AGRICULTURAL AND FOOD POLICY RE-SEARCH CENTERS. 
Section 1419A(e) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3155(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7109. EDUCATION GRANTS TO ALASKA NA-TIVE SERVING INSTITUTIONS AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN SERVING INSTI-TUTIONS. 
Section 1419B of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3156) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7110. REPEAL OF NUTRITION EDUCATION PROGRAM. 
The National Agricultural Research, Exten-sion, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 is amend-ed by striking section 1425 (7 U.S.C. 3175). 
SEC. 7111. CONTINUING ANIMAL HEALTH AND DISEASE RESEARCH PROGRAMS. 
Section 1433(c)(1) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3195(c)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 7112. EXTENSION CARRYOVER AT 1890 LAND- GRANT COLLEGES, INCLUDING TUSKEGEE UNIVERSITY. 
Effective on October 1, 2018, section 1444(a) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3221(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (4). 
SEC. 7113. SCHOLARSHIPS FOR STUDENTS AT 1890 INSTITUTIONS. 
Subtitle G of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 is amended by inserting after section 1445 (7 U.S.C. 3222) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1446. SCHOLARSHIPS FOR STUDENTS AT 1890 INSTITUTIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) S
CHOLARSHIP GRANT PROGRAM ESTAB -
LISHED .—The Secretary shall establish and carry out a grant program to make grants to each college or university eligible to receive funds under the Act of August 30, 1890 (com-monly known as the Second Morrill Act; 7 U.S.C. 322 et seq.), including Tuskegee Univer-sity, for purposes of awarding scholarships to individuals who— ‘‘(A) have been accepted for admission at such college or university; ‘‘(B) will be enrolled at such college or univer-sity not later than one year after the date of such acceptance; and ‘‘(C) intend to pursue a career in the food and agricultural sciences, including a career in— ‘‘(i) agribusiness; ‘‘(ii) energy and renewable fuels; or ‘‘(iii) financial management. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF GRANT .—Each grant made under this section shall be in the amount of $1,000,000. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $19,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 7114. GRANTS TO UPGRADE AGRICULTURAL AND FOOD SCIENCES FACILITIES AT 1890 LAND-GRANT COLLEGES, IN-CLUDING TUSKEGEE UNIVERSITY. 
Section 1447(b) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3222b(b)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7115. GRANTS TO UPGRADE AGRICULTURE AND FOOD SCIENCES FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT AT INSULAR AREA LAND-GRANT INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 1447B(d) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3222b–2(d)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7116. HISPANIC-SERVING INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 1455(c) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3241(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7117. LAND-GRANT DESIGNATION. 
Subtitle C of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3151 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1419C. LAND-GRANT DESIGNATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, beginning on the date of the enactment of this section, no additional entity may be designated as eligible to receive funds under a covered program. ‘‘(b) S
TATE FUNDING .—No State shall receive an increase in funding under a covered program as a result of the State’s designation of addi-tional entities as eligible to receive such fund-ing. ‘‘(c) C
OVERED PROGRAM DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘covered program’ means agricultural research, extension, edu-cation, and related programs or grants estab-lished or available under any of the following: ‘‘(1) Subsections (b), (c), and (d) of section 3 of the Smith-Lever Act (7 U.S.C. 343). ‘‘(2) The Hatch Act of 1887 (7 U.S.C. 361a et seq.). ‘‘(3) Sections 1444, 1445, and 1447 of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3221; 3222; 3222b). ‘‘(4) Public Law 87–788 (commonly known as the McIntire-Stennis Cooperative Forestry Act; 16 U.S.C. 582a et seq.). ‘‘(d) EXCEPTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting eligibility for a ca-pacity and infrastructure program specified in section 251(f)(1)(C) of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6971(f)(1)(C)) that is not a covered program. ’’. 
SEC. 7118. COMPETITIVE GRANTS FOR INTER-NATIONAL AGRICULTURAL SCIENCE AND EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 1459A(c)(2) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3292b(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7119. LIMITATION ON INDIRECT COSTS FOR AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH, EDU-CATION, AND EXTENSION PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 1462 of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3310) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘22 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘30 percent’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘Subsections (a) and (c)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF SUBGRANTS .—In the case of a grant described in subsection (a), the limi-tation on indirect costs specified in such sub-section shall be applied to both the initial grant award and any subgrant of the Federal funds provided under the initial grant award so that the total of all indirect costs charged against the total of the Federal funds provided under the initial grant award does not exceed such limita-tion.’’. 
SEC. 7120. RESEARCH EQUIPMENT GRANTS. 
The National Agricultural Research, Exten-sion, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 is amend-ed by inserting after section 1462 (7 U.S.C. 3310) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1462A. RESEARCH EQUIPMENT GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may make competitive grants for the acquisition of special purpose scientific research equipment for use in the food and agricultural sciences programs of eligible institutions. ‘‘(b) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The amount of a grant made to an eligible institution under this section may not exceed $500,000. ‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION ON CHARGE OR EQUIPMENT  
ASINDIRECT COSTS.—The cost of acquisition or depreciation of equipment purchased with a grant under this section shall not be— ‘‘(1) charged as an indirect cost against an-other Federal grant; or ‘‘(2) included as part of the indirect cost pool for purposes of calculating the indirect cost rate of an eligible institution. ‘‘(d) E
LIGIBLE INSTITUTIONS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘eligible institution’ means— ‘‘(1) a college or university; or ‘‘(2) a State cooperative institution. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 7121. UNIVERSITY RESEARCH. 
Section 1463 of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3311) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears in subsections (a) and (b) and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7122. EXTENSION SERVICE. 
Section 1464 of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3312) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4101 May 16, 2018 
SEC. 7123. SUPPLEMENTAL AND ALTERNATIVE CROPS. 
Section 1473D of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3319d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘crops,’’ and inserting ‘‘crops (including canola),’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘for agronomic rotational purposes and for use as a habitat for honey bees and other pollinators’’ after ‘‘alternative crops’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘commodities whose’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘commodities.’’; and (3) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7124. CAPACITY BUILDING GRANTS FOR NLGCA INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 1473F(b) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3319i(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7125. AQUACULTURE ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 1477(a)(2) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3324(a)(2)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7126. RANGELAND RESEARCH PROGRAMS. 
Section 1483(a)(2) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3336(a)(2)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7127. SPECIAL AUTHORIZATION FOR BIO-SECURITY PLANNING AND RE-SPONSE. 
Section 1484 of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3351) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and cooperative agreements’’ after ‘‘competitive grants’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘make com-petitive grants’’ and inserting ‘‘award competi-tive grants and cooperative agreements’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) To coordinate the tactical science activi-ties of the Research, Education, and Economics mission area of the Department that protect the integrity, reliability, sustainability, and profit-ability of the food and agricultural system of the United States against biosecurity threats from pests, diseases, contaminants, and disas-ters.’’. 
SEC. 7128. DISTANCE EDUCATION AND RESIDENT INSTRUCTION GRANTS PROGRAM FOR INSULAR AREA INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION. 
(a) D ISTANCE EDUCATION GRANTS FOR INSULAR  A
REAS.—Section 1490(f)(2) of the National Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3362(f)(2)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) R
ESIDENT INSTRUCTION GRANTS FOR INSU-
LARAREAS.—Section 1491(c)(2) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3363(c)(2)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7129. REMOVAL OF MATCHING FUNDS RE-QUIREMENT FOR CERTAIN GRANTS. 
Section 1492(d) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3371(d)) is amended by striking paragraph (5). Subtitle B—Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 SEC. 7201. BEST UTILIZATION OF BIOLOGICAL AP-PLICATIONS. 
Section 1624 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5814) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7202. INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS. 
Section 1627(d) of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5821(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7203. SUSTAINABLE AGRICULTURE TECH-NOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND TRANS-FER PROGRAM. 
Section 1628(f)(2) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5831(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7204. NATIONAL TRAINING PROGRAM. 
Section 1629(i) of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5832(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7205. NATIONAL GENETICS RESOURCES PRO-GRAM. 
Section 1635(b)(2) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5844(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7206. NATIONAL AGRICULTURAL WEATHER INFORMATION SYSTEM. 
Section 1641(c) of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5855(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7207. AGRICULTURAL GENOME TO PHENOME INITIATIVE. 
Section 1671 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5924) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ TO PHENOME’’ after ‘‘GENOME’’; (2) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) G
OALS.—The goals of this section are— ‘‘(1) to expand knowledge concerning genomes and phenomes of crops of importance to United States agriculture; ‘‘(2) to understand how variable weather, en-vironments, and production systems impact the growth and productivity of specific varieties of crops, thereby providing greater accuracy in predicting crop performance under variable growing conditions; ‘‘(3) to support research that leverages plant genomic information with phenotypic and envi-ronmental data through an interdisciplinary framework, leading to a novel understanding of plant processes that affect crop growth, produc-tivity, and the ability to predict crop perform-ance, resulting in the deployment of superior varieties to growers and improved crop manage-ment recommendations for farmers; ‘‘(4) to promote and coordinate research link-ing genomics and predictive phenomics at dif-ferent sites nationally to achieve advances in crops that generate societal benefits; ‘‘(5) to combine fields such as genetics, genomics, plant physiology, agronomy, clima-tology, and crop modeling with computation and informatics, statistics, and engineering; ‘‘(6) to focus on crops that will yield scientif-ically important results that will enhance the usefulness of many other crops; ‘‘(7) to build on genomic research, such as the Plant Genome Research Project, to understand gene function in production environments that are expected to have considerable payoffs for crops of importance to United States agri-culture; ‘‘(8) to develop improved data analytics to en-hance understanding of the biological function of crop genes; ‘‘(9) to allow resources developed under this section, including data, software, germplasm, and other biological materials, to be openly ac-cessible to all persons, subject to any confiden-tiality requirements imposed by law; and ‘‘(10) to encourage international partnerships with each partner country responsible for fi-nancing its own research.’’; (3) by amending subsection (b) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) DUTIES OF SECRETARY .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall conduct a research initiative (to be known as the ‘Agricultural Genome to Phenome Initiative’) for the purpose of— ‘‘(1) studying agriculturally significant crops in production environments to achieve sustain-able and secure agricultural production; ‘‘(2) ensuring that current gaps in existing knowledge of agricultural crop genetics and phenomics knowledge are filled; ‘‘(3) identifying and developing a functional understanding of agronomically relevant genes from crops of importance to United States agri-culture; ‘‘(4) ensuring future genetic improvement of crops of importance to United States agri-culture; ‘‘(5) studying the relevance of diverse germplasm as a source of unique genes that may be of importance to United States agriculture in the future; ‘‘(6) enhancing crop genetics to reduce the economic impact of plant pathogens on crops of importance to United States agriculture; and ‘‘(7) disseminating findings to relevant audi-ences.’’; (4) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘, acting through the National Institute of Food and Ag-riculture,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; (5) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘to Phenome’’ after ‘‘Genome’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 7208. HIGH-PRIORITY RESEARCH AND EX-TENSION INITIATIVES. 
Section 1672 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (8)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘A
LFALFA AND  
FORAGE ’’ and inserting ‘‘A LFALFA SEED AND AL -
FALFA FORAGE SYSTEMS ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘alfalfa and forage’’ and in-serting ‘‘alfalfa seed and alfalfa forage sys-tems’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘alfalfa and other forages, and’’ and inserting ‘‘alfalfa seed and other al-falfa forage’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(11) M
ACADAMIA TREE HEALTH INITIATIVE .— Research and extension grants may be made under this section for the purposes of— ‘‘(A) developing and disseminating science- based tools and treatments to combat the maca-damia felted coccid (Eriococcus ironsidei); and ‘‘(B) establishing an areawide integrated pest management program in areas affected by, or areas at risk of being affected by, the maca-damia felted coccid. ‘‘(12) N
ATIONAL TURFGRASS RESEARCH INITIA -
TIVE.—Research and extension grants may be made under this section for the purposes of— ‘‘(A) carrying out or enhancing research re-lated to turfgrass and sod issues; ‘‘(B) enhancing production and uses of turfgrass for the general public; ‘‘(C) identifying new turfgrass varieties with superior drought, heat, cold, and pest tolerance to reduce water, fertilizer, and pesticide use; ‘‘(D) selecting genetically superior turfgrasses and developing improved technologies for man-aging commercial, residential, and recreational turfgrass areas; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4102 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(E) producing turfgrasses that— ‘‘(i) aid in mitigating soil erosion; ‘‘(ii) protect against pollutant runoff into wa-terways; or ‘‘(iii) provide other environmental benefits; ‘‘(F) investigating, preserving, and protecting native plant species, including grasses not cur-rently utilized in turfgrass systems; ‘‘(G) creating systems for more economical and viable turfgrass seed and sod production throughout the United States; and ‘‘(H) investigating the turfgrass phytobiome and developing biologic products to enhance soil, enrich plants, and mitigate pests. ‘‘(13) F
ERTILIZER MANAGEMENT INITIATIVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Research and extension grants may be made under this section for the purpose of carrying out research to improve fer-tilizer use efficiency in crops— ‘‘(i) to maximize crop yield; and ‘‘(ii) to minimize nutrient losses to surface and groundwater and the atmosphere. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall give pri-ority to research examining the impact of the source, rate, timing, and placement of plant nu-trients. ‘‘(14) C
ATTLE FEVER TICK PROGRAM .—Research and extension grants may be made under this section to study cattle fever ticks— ‘‘(A) to facilitate the understanding of the role of wildlife in the persistence and spread of cattle fever ticks; ‘‘(B) to develop advanced methods for eradi-cation of cattle fever ticks, including— ‘‘(i) alternative treatment methods for cattle and other susceptible species; ‘‘(ii) field treatment for premises, including corral pens and pasture loafing areas; ‘‘(iii) methods for treatment and control on in-fested wildlife; ‘‘(iv) biological control agents; and ‘‘(v) new and improved vaccines; ‘‘(C) to evaluate rangeland vegetation that impacts the survival of cattle fever ticks; ‘‘(D) to improve management of diseases relat-ing to cattle fever ticks that are associated with wildlife, livestock, and human health; ‘‘(E) to improve diagnostic detection of tick- infested or infected animals and pastures; and ‘‘(F) to conduct outreach to impacted ranch-ers, hunters, and landowners to integrate tactics and document sustainability of best practices. ‘‘(15) L
AYING HEN AND TURKEY RESEARCH PRO -
GRAM .—Research grants may be made under this section for the purpose of improving the ef-ficiency and sustainability of laying hen and turkey production through integrated, collabo-rative research and technology transfer. Empha-sis may be placed on laying hen and turkey dis-ease prevention, antimicrobial resistance, nutri-tion, gut health, and alternative housing sys-tems under extreme seasonal weather condi-tions. ‘‘(16) A
LGAE AGRICULTURE RESEARCH PRO -
GRAM .—Research and extension grants may be made under this section for the development and testing of algae and algae systems (including micro- and macro-algae systems).’’; (2) in subsection (e)(5), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (3) in subsection (f)(5), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (4) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (5) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7209. ORGANIC AGRICULTURE RESEARCH AND EXTENSION INITIATIVE. 
Section 1672B of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(7), by inserting ‘‘, soil health,’’ after ‘‘conservation’’; and (2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘FOR 
FISCAL YEARS 2014 THROUGH 2018 ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7210. FARM BUSINESS MANAGEMENT. 
Section 1672D of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925f) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary may make competitive research and extension grants for the purpose of improving the farm management knowledge and skills of agricultural producers by maintaining and expanding a national, pub-licly available farm financial management data-base to support improved farm management.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and pro-ducer’’ and inserting ‘‘educational programs and’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘use and support’’ and inserting ‘‘contribute data to’’; and (3) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7211. CLARIFICATION OF VETERAN ELIGI-BILITY FOR ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM FOR FARMERS WITH DIS-ABILITIES. 
Section 1680 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5933) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) C
LARIFICATION OF APPLICATION OF PROVI -
SIONS TO VETERANS WITH DISABILITIES .—This subsection shall apply with respect to veterans with disabilities, and their families, who— ‘‘(A) are engaged in farming or farm-related occupations; or ‘‘(B) are pursuing new farming opportuni-ties.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(including veterans)’’ after ‘‘individuals’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or, in the case of veterans with disabilities, who are pursuing new farming opportunities’’ before the period at the end; and (3) in subsection (c)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7212. NATIONAL RURAL INFORMATION CEN-TER CLEARINGHOUSE. 
Section 2381(e) of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 3125b(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle C—Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 
SEC. 7300. ENDING LIMITATION ON FUNDING UNDER NATIONAL FOOD SAFETY TRAINING, EDUCATION, EXTENSION, OUTREACH, AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 405(e)(3) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, And Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7625(e)(3)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) T
ERM OF GRANT .—A grant under this sec-tion shall have a term that is not more than 3 years.’’. 
SEC. 7301. NATIONAL FOOD SAFETY TRAINING, EDUCATION, EXTENSION, OUT-REACH, AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 405(j) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7625(j)) is amended by striking ‘‘2011 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 7302. INTEGRATED RESEARCH, EDUCATION, AND EXTENSION COMPETITIVE GRANTS PROGRAM. 
Section 406(e) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7626(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 7303. SUPPORT FOR RESEARCH REGARDING DISEASES OF WHEAT, TRITICALE, AND BARLEY CAUSED BY FUSARIUM GRAMINEARUM OR BY TILLETIA INDICA. 
Section 408(e)(2) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7628(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7304. GRANTS FOR YOUTH ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 410(d)(2) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7630(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7305. SPECIALTY CROP RESEARCH INITIA-TIVE. 
(a) E LEMENTS OF INITIATIVE .—Section 412(b) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (E), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) size-controlling rootstock systems for pe-rennial crops;’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘including threats to specialty crop pollinators;’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘including— ‘‘(A) threats to specialty crop pollinators; and’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) emerging and invasive species;’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘mar-keting);’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘mar-keting) and a better understanding of the soil rhizosphere microbiome, including— ‘‘(A) pesticide application systems and cer-tified drift-reduction technologies; and ‘‘(B) systems to improve and extend storage life of specialty crops;’’; (4) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; (5) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) efforts to promote a more effective under-standing and use of existing natural enemy complexes;’’; and (6) in paragraph (5) (as redesignated by para-graph (4))— (A) by striking ‘‘including improved mecha-nization and technologies that delay or inhibit ripening; and’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘in-cluding— ‘‘(A) technologies that delay or inhibit rip-ening;’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(B) mechanization and automation of labor- intensive tasks on farms and in packing facili-ties; ‘‘(C) decision support systems driven by phe-nology and environmental factors; ‘‘(D) improved monitoring systems for agricul-tural pests; and ‘‘(E) effective systems for pre- and post-har-vest management of quarantine pests; and’’. (b) E
MERGENCY CITRUS DISEASE RESEARCH  
AND EXTENSION PROGRAM .—Section 412 of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Edu-cation Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632) is amended— (1) in subsection (j)(5), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (k)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 412(k)(2) of the Agricultural Research, Ex-tension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632(k)(2)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4103 May 16, 2018 
(2) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7306. FOOD ANIMAL RESIDUE AVOIDANCE DATABASE PROGRAM. 
Section 604(e) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7642(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7307. OFFICE OF PEST MANAGEMENT POL-ICY. 
Section 614(f)(2) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7653(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7308. FORESTRY PRODUCTS ADVANCED UTI-LIZATION RESEARCH. 
Section 617(f)(1) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7655b(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle D—Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 PART I—AGRICULTURAL SECURITY 
SEC. 7401. AGRICULTURAL BIOSECURITY COMMU-NICATION CENTER. 
Section 14112(c)(2) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8912(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7402. ASSISTANCE TO BUILD LOCAL CAPAC-ITY IN AGRICULTURAL BIOSECURITY PLANNING, PREPARATION, AND RE-SPONSE. 
Section 14113 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8913) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7403. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF AG-RICULTURAL COUNTERMEASURES. 
Section 14121(b)(2) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8921(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7404. AGRICULTURAL BIOSECURITY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 14122(e)(2) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8922(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. PART II—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 7411. GRAZINGLANDS RESEARCH LABORA-TORY. 
Section 7502 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2019) is amended by striking ‘‘10-year pe-riod’’ and inserting ‘‘15-year period’’. 
SEC. 7412. NATURAL PRODUCTS RESEARCH PRO-GRAM. 
Section 7525(e) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 5937(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7413. SUN GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 7526(g) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8114(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle E—Amendments to Other Laws 
SEC. 7501. CRITICAL AGRICULTURAL MATERIALS ACT. 
Section 16(a)(2) of the Critical Agricultural Materials Act (7 U.S.C. 178n(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7502. EQUITY IN EDUCATIONAL LAND-GRANT STATUS ACT OF 1994. 
(a) 1994 I NSTITUTION DEFINED .—Section 532 of the Equity in Educational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103– 382) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 532. DEFINITION OF 1994 INSTITUTION. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘1994 Institution’ means any of the following colleges: ‘‘(1) Aaniiih Nakoda College. ‘‘(2) Bay Mills Community College. ‘‘(3) Blackfeet Community College. ‘‘(4) Cankdeska Cikana Community College. ‘‘(5) Chief Dull Knife College. ‘‘(6) College of Menominee Nation. ‘‘(7) College of the Muscogee Nation. ‘‘(8) D–Q University. ‘‘(9) Dine College. ‘‘(10) Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College. ‘‘(11) Fort Peck Community College. ‘‘(12) Haskell Indian Nations University. ‘‘(13) Ilisagvik College. ‘‘(14) Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development. ‘‘(15) Keweenaw Bay Ojibwa Community Col-lege. ‘‘(16) Lac Courte Oreilles Ojibwa Community College. ‘‘(17) Leech Lake Tribal College. ‘‘(18) Little Big Horn College. ‘‘(19) Little Priest Tribal College. ‘‘(20) Navajo Technical University. ‘‘(21) Nebraska Indian Community College. ‘‘(22) Northwest Indian College. ‘‘(23) Nueta Hidatsa Sahnish College. ‘‘(24) Oglala Lakota College. ‘‘(25) Red Lake Nation College. ‘‘(26) Saginaw Chippewa Tribal College. ‘‘(27) Salish Kootenai College. ‘‘(28) Sinte Gleska University. ‘‘(29) Sisseton Wahpeton College. ‘‘(30) Sitting Bull College. ‘‘(31) Southwestern Indian Polytechnic Insti-tute. ‘‘(32) Stone Child College. ‘‘(33) Tohono O’odham Community College. ‘‘(34) Turtle Mountain Community College. ‘‘(35) United Tribes Technical College. ‘‘(36) White Earth Tribal and Community Col-lege.’’. (b) ENDOWMENT FOR 1994 I NSTITUTIONS .—Sec- tion 533(b) of the Equity in Educational Land- Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382) is amended in the first sen-tence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (c) I
NSTITUTIONAL CAPACITY BUILDING  G
RANTS .—Section 535 of the Equity in Edu-cational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears in sub-sections (b)(1) and (c) and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (d) R
ESEARCH GRANTS .—Section 536(c) of the Equity in Educational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7503. RESEARCH FACILITIES ACT. 
(a) A GRICULTURAL RESEARCH FACILITY DE-
FINED .—The Research Facilities Act is amend-ed— (1) in section 2(1) (7 U.S.C. 390(1)) by striking ‘‘a college, university, or nonprofit institution’’ and inserting ‘‘an entity eligible to receive funds under a capacity and infrastructure program (as defined in section 251(f)(1)(C) of the Depart-ment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6971(f)(1)(C)))’’; and (2) in section 3(c)(2)(D) (7 U.S.C. 390a(c)(2)(D)), by striking ‘‘recipient college, university, or nonprofit institution’’ and insert-ing ‘‘recipient entity’’. (b) L
ONG-TERM SUPPORT .—Section 3(c)(2)(D) of the Research Facilities Act (7 U.S.C. 390a(c)(2)(D)), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by striking ‘‘operating costs’’ and inserting ‘‘operating and maintenance costs’’. (c) C
OMPETITIVE GRANT PROGRAM .—The Re- search Facilities Act is amended by inserting after section 3 (7 U.S.C. 390a) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4. COMPETITIVE GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘The Secretary shall establish a program to make competitive grants to assist in the con-struction, alteration, acquisition, moderniza-tion, renovation, or remodeling of agricultural research facilities.’’. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS AND  F
UNDING LIMITATIONS .—Section 6 of the Re-search Facilities Act (7 U.S.C. 390d) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘subsection (b),’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (b), (c), and (d),’’; (B) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Funds appropriated pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be available until ex-pended.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(c) MAXIMUM AMOUNT .—Not more than 25 percent of the funds made available pursuant to subsection (a) for any fiscal year shall be used for any single agricultural research facility project. ‘‘(d) P
ROJECT LIMITATION .—An entity eligible to receive funds under this Act may receive funds for only one project at a time.’’. 
SEC. 7504. COMPETITIVE, SPECIAL, AND FACILI-TIES RESEARCH GRANT ACT. 
Subsection (b) of the Competitive, Special, and Facilities Research Grant Act (7 U.S.C. 3157(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by redesignating clauses (iii) through (vii) as clauses (iv) through (viii), respectively; and (ii) by inserting after clause (ii) the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) soil health;’’; (B) in subparagraph (E)— (i) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(v) tools that accelerate the use of automa-tion or mechanization for labor-intensive tasks in the production and distribution of crops.’’; and (C) in subparagraph (F)— (i) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (vii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(viii) barriers and bridges to entry and farm viability for young, beginning, socially dis-advantaged, veteran, and immigrant farmers and ranchers, including farm succession, transi-tion, transfer, entry, and profitability issues.’’; (2) in paragraph (5)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘that— ‘‘(i) is of national scope; or ‘‘(ii) is commodity-specific, so long as any such funds allocated for commodity-specific re-search are matched with funds from a non-Fed-eral source at least equal to the amount of such funds so allocated.’’; (3) in paragraph (9)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking clause (iii); and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (ii)’’; and (ii) by striking clause (iii); and (4) in paragraph (11)(A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘4’’ and insert-ing ‘‘5’’. 
SEC. 7505. RENEWABLE RESOURCES EXTENSION ACT OF 1978. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 6 of the Renewable Resources Extension Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 1675) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4104 May 16, 2018 
(b) T ERMINATION DATE.—Section 8 of the Re-newable Resources Extension Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 1671 note; Public Law 95–306) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7506. NATIONAL AQUACULTURE ACT OF 1980. 
Section 10 of the National Aquaculture Act of 1980 (16 U.S.C. 2809) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7507. BEGINNING FARMER AND RANCHER DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 7405 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 3319f) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (b) and redesig-nating subsection (c) as subsection (b); (2) in subsection (b), as so redesignated— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘G
RANTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘P
ROGRAMS ’’; (B) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a beginning farmer and rancher develop-ment program to provide training, education, outreach, and technical assistance initiatives to increase opportunities for beginning farmers or ranchers.’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘or cooperative agreements’’ after ‘‘grants’’ each place it appears; (D) by inserting ‘‘or cooperative agreement’’ after ‘‘grant’’ each place it appears; (E) by striking ‘‘subsection’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘section’’; (F) by amending paragraph (4) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(4) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), to be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, a recipient shall provide a match in the form of cash or in-kind contribu-tions in an amount equal to 25 percent of the funds provided by the grant. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may waive or reduce the matching requirement in subpara-graph (A) if the Secretary determines such a waiver or modification is necessary to effectively reach an underserved area or population.’’; and (G) by striking paragraph (8), and redesig-nating paragraphs (9), (10), (11), and (12) as paragraphs (8), (9), (10), and (11), respectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (b), as so re-designated, the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary shall make competitive grants to support new and established local and regional training, education, outreach, and technical assistance initiatives to increase op-portunities for beginning farmers or ranchers, including programs and services (as appro-priate) relating to— ‘‘(A) basic livestock, forest management, and crop farming practices; ‘‘(B) innovative farm, ranch, and private non-industrial forest land access, and transfer and succession strategies and programs; ‘‘(C) entrepreneurship and business training; ‘‘(D) financial and risk management training (including the acquisition and management of agricultural credit); ‘‘(E) natural resource management and plan-ning; ‘‘(F) diversification and marketing strategies; ‘‘(G) curriculum development; ‘‘(H) mentoring, apprenticeships, and intern-ships; ‘‘(I) resources and referral; ‘‘(J) farm financial benchmarking; ‘‘(K) technical assistance to help beginning farmers or ranchers acquire land from retiring farmers and ranchers; ‘‘(L) agricultural rehabilitation and voca-tional training for veterans; ‘‘(M) food safety (including good agricultural practices training); ‘‘(N) farm safety and awareness; and ‘‘(O) other similar subject areas of use to be-ginning farmers or ranchers. ‘‘(2) SET-ASIDE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not less than 5 percent of the funds used to carry out this subsection for a fiscal year shall be used to support programs and services that address the needs of— ‘‘(i) limited resource beginning farmers or ranchers (as defined by the Secretary); ‘‘(ii) socially disadvantaged farmers or ranch-ers (as defined in section 355(e) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2003(e))) who are beginning farmers and ranchers; and ‘‘(iii) farmworkers desiring to become farmers or ranchers. ‘‘(B) V
ETERAN FARMERS AND RANCHERS .—Not less than 5 percent of the funds used to carry out this subsection for a fiscal year shall be used to support programs and services that ad-dress the needs of veteran farmers and ranchers (as defined in section 2501(e) of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(e))).’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and conduct’’ and inserting ‘‘, conduct’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘, or provide training and technical as-sistance initiatives for beginning farmers or ranchers or for trainers and service providers that work with beginning farmers or ranchers.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, educational programs and workshops, or training and technical assistance initiatives’’ after ‘‘curricula’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘modules’’ and inserting ‘‘con-tent’’; (5) in subsection (g)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(including retiring farmers and nonfarming landowners)’’ before ‘‘from par-ticipating in programs’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘educating’’ and inserting ‘‘increasing opportunities for’’; and (6) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
FOR FISCAL  
YEARS 2009 THROUGH 2018 ’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
FOR 
FISCAL YEARS 2014 THROUGH 2018 ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 7508. FEDERAL AGRICULTURE RESEARCH FACILITIES. 
Section 1431 of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act Amendments of 1985 (title XIV of Public Law 99– 198; 99 Stat. 1556) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7509. BIOMASS RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT. 
Section 9008(h) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8108(h)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 7601. ENHANCED USE LEASE AUTHORITY PROGRAM. 
(a) T RANSITION TO PERMANENT PROGRAM .— Section 308 of the Federal Crop Insurance Re-form and Department of Agriculture Reorga-nization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 3125a note) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘PILOT’’; and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘pilot’’. (b) N
OONSITE SALES.—Section 308(b)(1)(C) of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform and Depart-ment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 is amended by inserting ‘‘onsite’’ before ‘‘pub-lic’’. (c) TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY EXTENDED .— Section 308(b)(6)(A) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Reform and Department of Agriculture Re-organization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 3125a note) is amended by striking ‘‘on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘on June 18, 2023’’. (d) R
EPORTS .—Section 308(d)(2) of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform and Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 3125a note) is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 6, 8, and 10 years after the date of enact-ment of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than June 18, 2019, June 18, 2021, and June 18, 2023’’. 
SEC. 7602. FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 251(d)(2) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6971(d)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) ensure that agricultural research, edu-cation, extension, economics, and statistical pro-grams— ‘‘(i) are effectively coordinated and inte-grated— ‘‘(I) across disciplines, agencies, and institu-tions; and ‘‘(II) among applicable participants, grantees, and beneficiaries; and ‘‘(ii) address the priority areas of the Agri-culture and Food Research Initiative specified in subsection (b)(2) of the Competitive, Special, and Facilities Research Grant Act (7 U.S.C. 3157(b)(2));’’. 
SEC. 7603. REINSTATEMENT OF DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA MATCHING REQUIREMENT FOR CERTAIN LAND-GRANT UNIVER-SITY ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 209(c) of the District of Columbia Public Postsecondary Education Reorganization Act (Public Law 93–471; sec. 38– 1202.09(c), D.C. Official Code) is amended in the first sentence, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, which may be used to pay no more than one-half of the total cost of providing such extension work.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2018. 
SEC. 7604. FARMLAND TENURE, TRANSITION, AND ENTRY DATA INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall collect and report data and analysis on farmland own-ership, tenure, transition, and entry of begin-ning farmers or ranchers. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary shall— (1) collect and distribute comprehensive an-nual reporting of trends in farmland ownership, tenure, transition, barriers to entry, profit-ability, and viability of beginning farmers or ranchers; and (2) develop surveys and report statistical and economic analysis on farmland ownership, ten-ure, transition, barriers to entry, profitability, and viability of beginning farmers. (c) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until expended. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT REGARDING  C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .—Section 1770(d) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 2276(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (12), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) section 7604 of the Agriculture and Nu-trition Act of 2018.’’. 
SEC. 7605. TRANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURIS-DICTION, PORTION OF HENRY A. WALLACE BELTSVILLE AGRICUL-TURAL RESEARCH CENTER, BELTS-VILLE, MARYLAND. 
(a) T RANSFER AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Agriculture may transfer to the administrative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4105 May 16, 2018 
jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Treasury a parcel of real property at the Henry A. Wallace Beltsville Agricultural Research Center con-sisting of approximately 100 acres, which was originally acquired by the United States through land acquisitions in 1910 and 1925 and is generally located off of Poultry Road lying between Powder Mill Road and Odell Road in Beltsville, Maryland, for the purpose of facili-tating the establishment of Bureau of Engraving and Printing facilities on the parcel. (b) L
EGAL DESCRIPTION AND MAP.— (1) P
REPARATION .—The Secretary of Agri-culture shall prepare a legal description and map of the parcel of real property to be trans-ferred under subsection (a). (2) F
ORCE OF LAW .—The legal description and map prepared under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary of Agriculture may correct errors in the legal description and map. (c) R
ETENTION OF INTERESTS .—The transfer of administrative jurisdiction under subsection (a) shall be subject to easements and rights of record and such other reservations, terms, and conditions as the Secretary of Agriculture con-siders to be necessary. (d) W
AIVER .—The parcel of real property to be transferred under subsection (a) is exempt from Federal screening for other possible use as there is an identified Federal need for the parcel as the site for Bureau of Engraving and Printing facilities. (e) C
ONDITION ON TRANSFER .—As a condition of the transfer of administrative jurisdiction under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall agree to pay the Secretary of Agri-culture the following costs: (1) The appraisal required under subsection (f). (2) Any environmental or administrative anal-ysis required by Federal law with respect to the real property so transferred. (3) Any necessary survey of such real prop-erty. (4) Any hazardous substances assessment of such real property. (f) A
PPRAISAL .—To determine the fair market value of the parcel of real property to be trans-ferred under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury shall have the parcel appraised for its highest and best use in conformity with the Uni-form Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Ac-quisitions developed by the Interagency Land Acquisition Conference. The appraisal shall be subject to the review and approval by the Sec-retary of Agriculture. (g) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS .—For the parcel of real property to be transferred under subsection (a), the Secretary of Agriculture shall meet dis-closure requirements for hazardous substances, but shall otherwise not be required to remediate or abate those substances or any other haz-ardous pollutants, contaminants, or waste that might be present on the parcel at the time of transfer of administrative jurisdiction. 
SEC. 7606. SIMPLIFIED PLAN OF WORK. 
(a) S MITH-LEVER ACT.—The Smith-Lever Act is amended— (1) in section 3(h)(2) (7 U.S.C. 343(h)(2)), by striking subparagraph (D); and (2) in section 4 (7 U.S.C. 344)— (A) in subsection (c), by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) A summary of planned projects or pro-grams in the State using formula funds. ‘‘(2) A description of the manner in which the State will meet the requirements of section 3(h). ‘‘(3) A description of the manner in which the State will meet the requirements of section 3(i)(2) of the Hatch Act of 1887. ‘‘(4) A description of matching funds provided by the State with respect to the previous fiscal year.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) RELATIONSHIP TO AUDITS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the proce-dures established pursuant to subsection (c) shall not be subject to audit to determine the sufficiency of such procedures.’’. (b) H
ATCH ACT.—The Hatch Act of 1887 is amended— (1) in section 3 (7 U.S.C. 361c)— (A) by amending subsection (h) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(h) P
EER REVIEW .—Research carried out under subsection (c)(3) shall be subject to sci-entific peer review. The review of a project con-ducted under this subsection shall be considered to satisfy the merit review requirements of sec-tion 103(e) of the Agricultural Research, Exten-sion, and Education Reform Act of 1998.’’; and (B) in subsection (i)(2), by striking subpara-graph (D); and (2) in section 7 (7 U.S.C. 361g)— (A) in subsection (e), by striking paragraphs (1) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) A summary of planned projects or pro-grams in the State using formula funds. ‘‘(2) A description of the manner in which the State will meet the requirements of subsections (c)(3) and (i)(2) of section 3. ‘‘(3) A description of matching funds provided by the State with respect to the previous fiscal year.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) R
ELATIONSHIP TO AUDITS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the proce-dures established pursuant to subsection (e) shall not be subject to audit to determine the sufficiency of such procedures.’’. (c) E
XTENSION AND RESEARCH AT 1890 I NSTITU -
TIONS .— (1) E
XTENSION .—Section 1444(d) of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3221(d)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-graphs (A) through (E) and inserting the fol-lowing new subparagraphs: ‘‘(A) A summary of planned projects or pro-grams in the State using formula funds. ‘‘(B) A description of matching funds provided by the State with respect to the previous fiscal year.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) R
ELATIONSHIP TO AUDITS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the proce-dures established pursuant to paragraph (3) shall not be subject to audit to determine the sufficiency of such procedures.’’. (2) R
ESEARCH .—Section 1445(c) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3222(c)) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-graphs (A) through (E) and inserting the fol-lowing new subparagraphs: ‘‘(A) A summary of planned projects or pro-grams in the State using formula funds. ‘‘(B) A description of matching funds provided by the State with respect to the previous fiscal year.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) R
ELATIONSHIP TO AUDITS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the proce-dures established pursuant to paragraph (3) shall not be subject to audit to determine the sufficiency of such procedures.’’. 
SEC. 7607. TIME AND EFFORT REPORTING EXEMP-TION. 
Any entity receiving funds under a program referred to in clause (iii), (iv), (vii), (viii), or (xii) of section 251(f)(1)(C) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6971(f)(1)(C)) shall be exempt from the time and effort reporting requirements under part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), with respect to the use of such funds. SEC. 7608. PUBLIC EDUCATION ON BIO-TECHNOLOGY IN FOOD AND AGRI-CULTURE SECTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Education, and such other persons and organizations as the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate, shall de-velop and carry out a national science-based education campaign to increase public aware-ness regarding the use of technology in food and agriculture production, including— (1) the science of biotechnology as applied to the development of products in the food and ag-ricultural sectors, including information about which products of biotechnology in the food and agricultural sectors have been approved for use in the United States; (2) the Federal science-based regulatory re-view process for products made using bio-technology in the food and agricultural sectors conducted under the Coordinated Framework for Regulation of Biotechnology published by the Office of Science and Technology Policy in the Federal Register on June 26, 1986 (51 Fed. Reg. 23302), including the studies performed and analyses conducted to ensure that such prod-ucts are as safe to produce and as safe to eat as products that are not produced using bio-technology; (3) developments in the science of plant and animal breeding over time and the impacts of such developments on farmers, consumers, the environment, and the rural economy; and (4) the effects of the use of biotechnology on food security, nutrition, and the environment. (b) C
ONSUMER FRIENDLY INFORMATIONAL  W
EBSITE .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy, and such other persons and orga-nizations as the Secretary determines to be ap-propriate, shall develop, establish, and update as necessary, a single Federal government-spon-sored public Internet website through which the public may obtain, in an easy to understand and user-friendly format, information about bio-technology used in the food and agricultural sectors, including— (1) scientific findings and other data on bio-technology used in the food and agricultural sectors; (2) Federal agencies’ decisions regarding spe-cific products made using biotechnology in the food and agricultural sectors; (3) a list of frequently asked questions per-taining to the use of biotechnology in the food and agricultural sectors; (4) an easy-to-understand description of the role of Federal agencies in overseeing the use of biotechnology in the food and agricultural sec-tors; (5) information about novel, emerging tech-nologies within the broader field of bio-technology; and (6) a glossary of terms with respect to bio-technology used in the food and agricultural sectors. (c) S
OCIAL MEDIA RESOURCES .—The Secretary may, as appropriate, utilize publicly-available social media platforms to supplement the cam-paign established under subsection (a), and as an extension of the website established under subsection (b). TITLE VIII—FORESTRY Subtitle A—Reauthorization and Modification of Certain Forestry Programs 
SEC. 8101. SUPPORT FOR STATE ASSESSMENTS AND STRATEGIES FOR FOREST RE-SOURCES. 
Section 2A(f)(1) of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2101a(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 8102. FOREST LEGACY PROGRAM. 
Subsection (m) of section 7 of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2103c) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4106 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(m) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $35,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 8103. COMMUNITY FOREST AND OPEN SPACE CONSERVATION PROGRAM. 
Subsection (g) of section 7A of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2103d) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 8104. STATE AND PRIVATE FOREST LAND-SCAPE-SCALE RESTORATION PRO-GRAM. 
Section 13A of the Cooperative Forestry As-sistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2109a) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 13A. STATE AND PRIVATE FOREST LAND-SCAPE-SCALE RESTORATION PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to establish a landscape-scale restoration pro-gram to support landscape-scale restoration and management that results in measurable improve-ments to public benefits derived from State and private forest land, as identified in— ‘‘(1) a State-wide assessment described in sec-tion 2A(a)(1); and ‘‘(2) a long-term State-wide forest resource strategy described in section 2A(a)(2). ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) P
RIVATE FOREST LAND .—The term ‘private forest land’ means land that— ‘‘(A)(i) has existing tree cover; or ‘‘(ii) is suitable for growing trees; and ‘‘(B) is owned by— ‘‘(i) an Indian Tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)); or ‘‘(ii) any private individual or entity. ‘‘(2) R
EGIONAL .—The term ‘regional’ means of any region of the National Association of State Foresters. ‘‘(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. ‘‘(4) S
TATE FOREST LAND .—The term ‘State forest land’ means land that is owned by a State or unit of local government. ‘‘(5) S
TATE FORESTER .—The term ‘State For-ester’ means a State Forester or equivalent State official. ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with State Foresters or other appro-priate State agencies, shall establish a land-scape-scale restoration program— ‘‘(1) to provide financial and technical assist-ance for landscape-scale restoration projects on State forest land or private forest land; and ‘‘(2) that maintains or improves benefits from trees and forests on such land. ‘‘(d) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The landscape-scale restoration program established under sub-section (c) shall— ‘‘(1) measurably address the national private forest conservation priorities described in section 2(c); ‘‘(2) enhance public benefits from trees and forests, as identified in— ‘‘(A) a State-wide assessment described in sec-tion 2A(a)(1); and ‘‘(B) a long-term State-wide forest resource strategy described in section 2A(a)(2); and ‘‘(3) in accordance with the purposes de-scribed in section 2(b), include one or more of the following objectives— ‘‘(A) protecting or improving water quality or quantity; ‘‘(B) reducing wildfire risk, including through hazardous fuels treatment; ‘‘(C) protecting or enhancing wildlife habitat, consistent with wildlife objectives established by the applicable State fish and wildlife agency; ‘‘(D) improving forest health and forest eco-systems, including addressing native, nonnative, and invasive pests; or ‘‘(E) enhancing opportunities for new and ex-isting markets in which the production and use of wood products strengthens local and regional economies. ‘‘(e) MEASUREMENT .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with State Foresters, shall establish a measurement system (including measurement tools) that— ‘‘(1) consistently measures the results of land-scape-scale restoration projects described in sub-section (c); and ‘‘(2) is consistent with the measurement sys-tems of other Federal programs delivered by State Foresters. ‘‘(f) U
SE OF AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) A
LLOCATION .—Of the amounts made available for the landscape-scale restoration program established under subsection (c), the Secretary shall allocate to State Foresters— ‘‘(A) 50 percent for the competitive process in accordance with subsection (g); and ‘‘(B) 50 percent proportionally to States, in consultation with State Foresters— ‘‘(i) to maximize the achievement of the objec-tives described in subsection (d)(3); and ‘‘(ii) to address the highest national priorities, as identified in— ‘‘(I) State-wide assessments described in sec-tion 2A(a)(1); and ‘‘(II) long-term State-wide forest resource strategies described in section 2A(a)(2). ‘‘(2) M
ULTIYEAR PROJECTS .—The Secretary may provide amounts under this section for multiyear projects. ‘‘(g) C
OMPETITIVE PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall dis-tribute amounts described in subsection (f)(1)(A) through a competitive process for landscape- scale restoration projects described in subsection (c) to maximize the achievement of the objectives described in subsection (d)(3). ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for funding through the competitive process under para-graph (1), a State Forester, or another entity on approval of the State Forester, shall submit to the Secretary one or more landscape-scale res-toration proposals that— ‘‘(A) in accordance with paragraph (3)(A), in-clude priorities identified in— ‘‘(i) State-wide assessments described in sec-tion 2A(a)(1); and ‘‘(ii) long-term State-wide forest resource strategies described in section 2A(a)(2); ‘‘(B) identify one or more measurable results to be achieved through the project; ‘‘(C) to the maximum extent practicable, in-clude activities on all land necessary to accom-plish the measurable results in the applicable landscape; ‘‘(D) to the maximum extent practicable, are developed in collaboration with other public and private sector organizations and local commu-nities; and ‘‘(E) derive not less than 50 percent of the funding for the project from non-Federal sources, unless the Secretary determines— ‘‘(i) the applicant is unable to derive not less than 50 percent of the funding for the project from non-Federal sources; and ‘‘(ii) the benefits of the project justify pur-suing the project. ‘‘(3) P
RIORITIZATION .—In carrying out the competitive process under paragraph (1), the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall give priority to projects that, as de-termined by the Secretary, best carry out prior-ities identified in State-wide assessments de-scribed in section 2A(a)(1) and long-term State- wide forest resource strategies described in sec-tion 2A(a)(2), including— ‘‘(i) involvement of public and private part-nerships; ‘‘(ii) inclusion of cross-boundary activities on— ‘‘(I) Federal forest land; ‘‘(II) State forest land; or ‘‘(III) private forest land; ‘‘(iii) involvement of areas also identified for cost-share funding by the Natural Resources Conservation Service or any other relevant Fed-eral agency; ‘‘(iv) protection or improvement of water qual-ity or quantity; ‘‘(v) reduction of wildfire risk; and ‘‘(vi) otherwise addressing the national pri-vate forest conservation priorities described in section 2(c); and ‘‘(B) may give priority to projects in proximity to other landscape-scale projects on other land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, the Sec-retary of the Interior, or a Governor of a State, including— ‘‘(i) ecological restoration treatments under the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program established under section 4003 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303); ‘‘(ii) projects on landscape-scale areas des-ignated for insect and disease treatment under section 602 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591a); ‘‘(iii) authorized restoration services under section 8206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a); ‘‘(iv) watershed restoration and protection services under section 331 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–291; 16 U.S.C. 1011 note); ‘‘(v) stewardship end result contracting projects under section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c); or ‘‘(vi) projects under other relevant programs, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) PROPOSAL REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a process for the review of proposals sub-mitted under paragraph (2) that ranks each pro-posal based on— ‘‘(i) the extent to which the proposal would achieve the requirements described in subsection (d); and ‘‘(ii) the priorities described in paragraph (3)(A). ‘‘(B) R
EGIONAL REVIEW .—The Secretary may carry out the process described in subparagraph (A) at a regional level. ‘‘(5) C
OMPLIANCE WITH NEPA .—Financial and technical assistance carried out under this sec-tion for landscape restoration projects on State forest land or private forest land shall not con-stitute a major Federal action for the purposes of section 102(2)(C) of the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C)). ‘‘(h) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that includes— ‘‘(1) a description of the status of the develop-ment, execution, and administration of land-scape-scale projects selected under the program under this section; ‘‘(2) an accounting of expenditures under such program; and ‘‘(3) specific accomplishments that have re-sulted from landscape-scale projects under such program. ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the landscape-scale restoration program established under subsection (c) $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 8105. RURAL REVITALIZATION TECH-NOLOGIES. 
Section 2371(d)(2) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6601(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 8106. COMMUNITY WOOD ENERGY AND WOOD INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
Section 9013 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8113) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4107 May 16, 2018 
‘‘SEC. 9013. COMMUNITY WOOD ENERGY AND WOOD INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OMMUNITY WOOD ENERGY SYSTEM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘community wood energy system’ means an energy system that— ‘‘(i) produces thermal energy or combined thermal energy and electricity where thermal is the primary energy output; ‘‘(ii) services public facilities owned or oper-ated by State or local governments (including schools, town halls, libraries, and other public buildings) or private or nonprofit facilities (in-cluding commercial and business facilities, such as hospitals, office buildings, apartment build-ings, and manufacturing and industrial build-ings); and ‘‘(iii) uses woody biomass, including residuals from wood processing facilities, as the primary fuel. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘community wood energy system’ includes single-facility central heating, district heating systems serving mul-tiple buildings, combined heat and electric sys-tems where thermal energy is the primary en-ergy output, and other related biomass energy systems. ‘‘(2) I
NNOVATIVE WOOD PRODUCT FACILITY .— The term ‘innovative wood product facility’ means a manufacturing or processing plant or mill that produces— ‘‘(A) building components or systems that use large panelized wood construction, including mass timber; ‘‘(B) wood products derived from nanotech-nology or other new technology processes, as de-termined by the Secretary; or ‘‘(C) other innovative wood products that use low-value, low-quality wood, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) M
ASS TIMBER .—The term ‘mass timber’ includes— ‘‘(A) cross-laminated timber; ‘‘(B) nail-laminated timber; ‘‘(C) glue-laminated timber; ‘‘(D) laminated strand lumber; and ‘‘(E) laminated veneer lumber. ‘‘(4) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘Program’ means the Community Wood Energy and Wood Innova-tion Program established under subsection (b). ‘‘(b) C
OMPETITIVE GRANT PROGRAM .—The Sec- retary, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, shall establish a competitive grant pro-gram to be known as the ‘Community Wood En-ergy and Wood Innovation Program’. ‘‘(c) M
ATCHING GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Under the Program, the Secretary shall make grants to cover not more than 35 percent of the capital cost for installing a community wood energy system or building an innovative wood product facility. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Secretary may establish special circumstances, such as in the case of a community wood energy system project or innovative wood product facility project involving a school or hospital in a low- income community, under which grants under the Program may cover up to 50 percent of the capital cost. ‘‘(3) S
OURCE OF MATCHING FUNDS .—Matching funds required pursuant to this subsection from a grant recipient must be derived from non-Fed-eral funds. ‘‘(d) P
ROJECT CAP.—The total amount of grants under the Program for a community wood energy system project or innovative wood product facility project may not exceed— ‘‘(1) in the case of grants under the general authority provided under subsection (c)(1), $1,000,000; and ‘‘(2) in the case of grants for which the special circumstances apply under subsection (c)(2), $1,500,000. ‘‘(e) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting appli-cants for grants under the Program, the Sec-retary shall consider the following: ‘‘(1) The energy efficiency of the proposed community wood energy system or innovative wood product facility. ‘‘(2) The cost effectiveness of the proposed community wood energy system or innovative wood product facility. ‘‘(3) The extent to which the proposed commu-nity wood energy system or innovative wood product facility represents the best available commercial technology. ‘‘(4) The extent to which the applicant has demonstrated a high likelihood of project suc-cess by completing detailed engineering and de-sign work in advance of the grant application. ‘‘(5) Other technical, economic, conservation, and environmental criteria that the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(f) GRANT PRIORITIES .—In selecting appli-cants for grants under the Program, the Sec-retary shall give priority to proposals that— ‘‘(1) would be carried out in a location where markets are needed for the low-value, low-qual-ity wood; ‘‘(2) would be carried out in a location with limited access to natural gas pipelines; ‘‘(3) would include the use or retrofitting (or both) of existing sawmill facilities located in a location where the average annual unemploy-ment rate exceeded the national average unem-ployment rate by more than 1 percent during the previous calendar year; or ‘‘(4) would be carried out in a location where the project will aid with forest restoration. ‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
APACITY OF COMMUNITY WOOD ENERGY  
SYSTEMS .—A community wood energy system ac-quired with grant funds under the Program shall not exceed nameplate capacity of 10 megawatts of thermal energy or combined ther-mal and electric energy. ‘‘(2) F
UNDING FOR INNOVATIVE WOOD PRODUCT  
FACILITIES .—Not more than 25 percent of funds provided as grants under the Program for a fis-cal year may go to applicants proposing innova-tive wood product facilities, unless the Secretary has received an insufficient number of qualified proposals for community wood energy systems. ‘‘(h) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out the Program $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 8107. HEALTHY FORESTS RESTORATION ACT OF 2003 AMENDMENTS. 
(a) H EALTHY FORESTS RESERVE PROGRAM .— (1) A
DDITIONAL PURPOSE OF PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 501(a) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6571(a)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (2); (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) to conserve forest land that provides habitat for species described in section 502(b)(1); and’’. (2) E
LIGIBILITY FOR ENROLLMENT .—Subsection (b) of section 502 of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6572) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for enroll-ment in the healthy forests reserve program, land shall be private forest land, or private land being restored to forest land, the enrollment of which will maintain, restore, enhance, or other-wise measurably— ‘‘(1) increase the likelihood of recovery of a species that is listed as endangered or threat-ened under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533); or ‘‘(2) improve the well-being of a species that— ‘‘(A) is— ‘‘(i) not listed as endangered or threatened under such section; and ‘‘(ii) a candidate for such listing, a State-list-ed species, or a special concern species; or ‘‘(B) is deemed a species of greatest conserva-tion need by a State wildlife action plan.’’. (3) O
THER ENROLLMENT CONSIDERATIONS .— Section 502(c) of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6572(c)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (1); (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) conserve forest lands that provide habitat for species described in subsection (b)(1); and’’. (4) ELIMINATION OF LIMITATION ON USE OF  
EASEMENTS .—Section 502(e) of the Healthy For-ests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6572(e)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). (5) E
NROLLMENT OF ACREAGE OWNED BY AN IN -
DIAN TRIBE .—Section 502(e)(2)(B) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6572(e)(3)(B)), as redesignated under paragraph (4), is amended by striking clauses (ii) and (iii) and inserting the following new clauses: ‘‘(ii) a 10-year, cost-share agreement; ‘‘(iii) a permanent easement; or ‘‘(iv) any combination of the options described in clauses (i) through (iii).’’. (6) S
PECIES -RELATED ENROLLMENT PRIORITY .— Subparagraph (B) of section 502(f)(1) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6572(f)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) secondarily, species that— ‘‘(i) are— ‘‘(I) not listed as endangered or threatened under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533); and ‘‘(II) candidates for such listing, State-listed species, or special concern species; or ‘‘(ii) are species of greatest conservation need, as identified in State wildlife action plans.’’. (7) R
ESTORATION PLANS .—Subsection (b) of section 503 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6573) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) P
RACTICES .—The restoration plan shall require such restoration practices and measures, as are necessary to restore and enhance habitat for species described in section 502(b), including the following: ‘‘(1) Land management practices. ‘‘(2) Vegetative treatments. ‘‘(3) Structural practices and measures. ‘‘(4) Other practices and measures.’’. (8) F
UNDING .—Section 508(b) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6578(b)) is amended— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ISCAL YEARS 2014 T HROUGH 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (9) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 503(a) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6573(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Interior’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the Interior’’. (b) I
NSECT AND DISEASE INFESTATION .— (1) T
REATMENT OF AREAS .—Section 602(d)(1) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591a(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘sub-section (b) to reduce the risk or extent of, or in-crease the resilience to, insect or disease infesta-tion in the areas.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘subsection (b)— ‘‘(A) to reduce the risk or extent of, or in-crease the resilience to, insect or disease infesta-tion; or ‘‘(B) to reduce hazardous fuels.’’. (2) P
ERMANENT AUTHORITY .—Section 602(d)(2) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591a(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘for which a public notice to initiate scoping is issued on or before September 30, 2018,’’. (c) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— (1) C
LARIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF AREAS .— Section 603(a) of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘in accordance with section 602(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘in accordance with section 602(d)(1)’’. (2) P
ROJECT SIZE AND LOCATION .—Section 603(c)(1) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘3000’’ and inserting ‘‘6,000’’. 
SEC. 8108. NATIONAL FOREST FOUNDATION ACT AUTHORITIES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE  M
ATCHING FUNDS FOR ADMINISTRATIVE AND  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4108 May 16, 2018 
PROJECT EXPENSES .—Section 405(b) of the Na-tional Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j– 3(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2023’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 410(b) of the National Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j–8(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle B—Secure Rural Schools and Com-munity Self-Determination Act of 2000 Amendments 
SEC. 8201. USE OF RESERVED FUNDS FOR TITLE II PROJECTS ON FEDERAL LAND AND CERTAIN NON-FEDERAL LAND. 
Section 204(f) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7124(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROJECT FUNDS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary concerned shall ensure that at least 50 percent of the project funds reserved under section 102(d) by a participating county shall be available only for projects that— ‘‘(A) include— ‘‘(i) the sale of timber or other forest products; ‘‘(ii) reduce fire risks; or ‘‘(iii) improve water supplies; and ‘‘(B) implement stewardship objectives that enhance forest ecosystems or restore and im-prove land health and water quality. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirement in paragraph (1) shall apply only to project funds reserved by a participating county whose boundaries include Federal land that the Sec-retary concerned determines has been subject to a timber or other forest products program within 5 fiscal years before the fiscal year in which the funds are reserved.’’. 
SEC. 8202. RESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEES. 
(a) R ECOGNITION OF RESOURCE ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEES .—Section 205(a)(4) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(a)(4)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) R
EDUCTION IN COMPOSITION OF COMMIT -
TEES.—Section 205(d) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘15 members’’ and inserting ‘‘9 members’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘5 persons’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘3 persons’’. (c) E
XPANDING LOCAL PARTICIPATION ON COM-
MITTEES .—Section 205(d) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(d)) is further amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, consistent with the requirements of paragraph (4)’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—The members of a resource advisory committee shall reside within the county or counties in which the com-mittee has jurisdiction, or an adjacent county.’’. (d) A
PPOINTMENT OF RESOURCE ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEES BY APPLICABLE DESIGNEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 205 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125) is further amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(or applica-ble designee)’’ after ‘‘The Secretary concerned’’; (ii) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘(or appli-cable designee)’’ after ‘‘the Secretary con-cerned’’; and (iii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(or appli-cable designee)’’ after ‘‘the Secretary con-cerned’’ both places it appears; (B) in subsection (b)(6), by inserting ‘‘(or ap-plicable designee)’’ after ‘‘the Secretary con-cerned’’; (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
OR A
PPLICABLE DESIGNEE ’’ after ‘‘ BY THE SEC-
RETARY ’’; (ii) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(or appli-cable designee)’’ after ‘‘The Secretary con-cerned’’ both places it appears; (iii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘(or appli-cable designee)’’ after ‘‘The Secretary con-cerned’’; (iv) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(or appli-cable designee)’’ after ‘‘The Secretary con-cerned’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) APPLICABLE DESIGNEE .—In this section, the term ‘applicable designee’ means— ‘‘(A) with respect to Federal land described in section 3(7)(A), the applicable Regional For-ester; and ‘‘(B) with respect to Federal land described in section 3(7)(B), the applicable Bureau of Land Management State Director.’’; (D) in subsection (d)(3), by inserting ‘‘(or ap-plicable designee)’’ after ‘‘the Secretary con-cerned’’; and (E) in subsection (f)(1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(or applicable designee)’’ after ‘‘the Secretary concerned’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘(or applicable designee)’’ after ‘‘of the Secretary’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 201(3) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(or applicable designee (as defined in section 205(c)(6)))’’ after ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ both places it appears. 
SEC. 8203. PROGRAM FOR TITLE II SELF-SUS-TAINING RESOURCE ADVISORY COM-MITTEE PROJECTS. 
(a) S ELF-SUSTAINING RESOURCE ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE PROJECTS .—Title II of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121 et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 209. PROGRAM FOR SELF-SUSTAINING RE-SOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEE PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) RAC P ROGRAM .—The Chief of the Forest Service shall conduct a program (to be known as the ‘self-sustaining resource advisory committee program’ or ‘RAC program’) under which 10 re-source advisory committees will propose projects authorized by subsection (c) to be carried out using project funds reserved by a participating county under section 102(d). ‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF PARTICIPATING RESOURCE  A
DVISORY COMMITTEES .—The selection of re-source advisory committees to participate in the RAC program is in the sole discretion of the Chief of the Forest Service. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZED PROJECTS .—Notwith- standing the project purposes specified in sec-tions 202(b), 203(c), and 204(a)(5), projects under the RAC program are intended to— ‘‘(1) accomplish forest management objectives or support community development; and ‘‘(2) generate receipts. ‘‘(d) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF REVE-
NUES.—Any revenue generated by a project con-ducted under the RAC program, including any interest accrued from the revenues, shall be— ‘‘(1) deposited in the special account in the Treasury established under section 102(d)(2)(A); and ‘‘(2) available, in such amounts as may be provided in advance in appropriation Acts, for additional projects under the RAC program. ‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to initiate a project under the RAC program shall terminate on September 30, 2023. ‘‘(2) D
EPOSITS IN TREASURY .—Any funds available for projects under the RAC program and not obligated by September 30, 2024, shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States.’’. (b) E
XCEPTION TO GENERAL RULEREGARDING  T
REATMENT OF RECEIPTS .—Section 403(b) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-De-termination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7153(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘All revenues’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Except as provided in section 209, all reve-nues’’. Subtitle C—Availability of Categorical Exclu-sions To Expedite Forest Management Ac-tivities PART I—GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 8301. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) C
ATASTROPHIC EVENT .—The term ‘‘cata-strophic event’’ means any natural disaster (such as hurricane, tornado, windstorm, snow or ice storm, rain storm, high water, wind-driv-en water, tidal wave, earthquake, volcanic eruption, landslide, mudslide, drought, or insect or disease outbreak) or any fire, flood, or explo-sion, regardless of cause. (2) C
OOS BAY WAGON ROAD GRANT LANDS .—The term ‘‘Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands’’ means the lands reconveyed to the United States pursuant to the first section of the Act of Feb-ruary 26, 1919 (40 Stat. 1179). (3) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY .—The term ‘‘forest management activity’’ means a project or activity carried out by the Secretary con-cerned on National Forest System lands or pub-lic lands consistent with the forest plan covering the lands. (4) F
OREST PLAN .—The term ‘‘forest plan’’ means— (A) a land use plan prepared by the Bureau of Land Management for public lands pursuant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); or (B) a land and resource management plan prepared by the Forest Service for a unit of the National Forest System pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). (5) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Forest System’’ has the meaning given that term in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)). (6) O
REGON AND CALIFORNIA RAILROAD GRANT  
LANDS .—The term ‘‘Oregon and California Rail-road Grant lands’’ means the following lands: (A) All lands in the State of Oregon revested in the United States under the Act of June 9, 1916 (39 Stat. 218), that are administered by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Land Management, pursuant to the first section of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a). (B) All lands in that State obtained by the Secretary of the Interior pursuant to the land exchanges authorized and directed by section 2 of the Act of June 24, 1954 (43 U.S.C. 1181h). (C) All lands in that State acquired by the United States at any time and made subject to the provisions of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181f). (7) P
UBLIC LANDS .—The term ‘‘public lands’’ has the meaning given that term in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702), except that the term includes Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands and Oregon and California Railroad Grant lands. (8) R
EFORESTATION ACTIVITY .—The term ‘‘re-forestation activity’’ means a forest management activity carried out by the Secretary concerned where the primary purpose is the reforestation of impacted lands following a catastrophic event. The term includes planting, evaluating and enhancing natural regeneration, clearing competing vegetation, and other activities re-lated to reestablishment of forest species on the impacted lands. (9) R
ESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘resource advisory committee’’ has the meaning given that term in section 201 of the Se-cure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121). (10) S
ALVAGE OPERATION .—The term ‘‘salvage operation’’ means a forest management activity carried out in response to a catastrophic event where the primary purpose is— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4109 May 16, 2018 
(A) to prevent wildfire as a result of the cata-strophic event, or, if the catastrophic event was wildfire, to prevent a re-burn of the fire-im-pacted area; (B) to provide an opportunity for utilization of forest materials damaged as a result of the catastrophic event; or (C) to provide a funding source for reforest-ation for the National Forest System lands or public lands impacted by the catastrophic event. (11) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to National Forest System lands; and (B) the Secretary of the Interior, with respect to public lands. 
SEC. 8302. RULE OF APPLICATION FOR NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS AND PUBLIC LANDS. 
Unless specifically provided by a provision of this subtitle, the authorities provided by this subtitle do not apply with respect to any Na-tional Forest System lands or public lands— (1) that are included in the National Wilder-ness Preservation System; (2) that are located within a national or State-specific inventoried roadless area estab-lished by the Secretary of Agriculture through regulation, unless— (A) the forest management activity to be car-ried out under such authority is consistent with the forest plan applicable to the area; or (B) the Secretary of Agriculture determines the forest management activity is permissible under the applicable roadless rule governing such lands; or (3) on which timber harvesting for any pur-pose is prohibited by Federal statute. 
SEC. 8303. CONSULTATION UNDER THE ENDAN-GERED SPECIES ACT. 
(a) N OCONSULTATION IF ACTION NOTLIKELY  T
OADVERSELY AFFECT A LISTED SPECIES OR  D
ESIGNATED CRITICAL HABITAT .—With respect to a forest management activity carried out pur-suant to this subtitle, consultation under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) shall not be required if the Sec-retary concerned determines that such forest management activity is not likely to adversely affect a listed species or designated critical habi-tat. (b) E
XPEDITED CONSULTATION .—With respect to a forest management activity carried out pur-suant to this subtitle, consultation required under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) shall be concluded with-in the 90-day period beginning on the date on which such consultation was requested by the Secretary concerned. 
SEC. 8304. SECRETARIAL DISCRETION IN THE CASE OF TWO OR MORE CATEGOR-ICAL EXCLUSIONS. 
To the extent that a forest management activ-ity may be categorically excluded under more than one of the sections of this subtitle, the Sec-retary concerned shall have full discretion to determine which categorical exclusion to use. PART II—CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS 
SEC. 8311. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO EXPE-DITE CERTAIN CRITICAL RESPONSE ACTIONS. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Forest management activities described in sub-section (b) are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under sec-tion 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES DES-
IGNATED FOR CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .—The category of forest management activities des-ignated under this section for a categorical ex-clusion are forest management activities carried out by the Secretary concerned on National For-est System lands or public lands where the pri-mary purpose of such activity is— (1) to address an insect or disease infestation; (2) to reduce hazardous fuel loads; (3) to protect a municipal water source; (4) to maintain, enhance, or modify critical habitat to protect it from catastrophic disturb-ances; (5) to increase water yield; or (6) any combination of the purposes specified in paragraphs (1) through (5). (c) AVAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. (d) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .—A forest manage-ment activity covered by the categorical exclu-sion established under subsection (a) may not contain treatment units exceeding a total of 6,000 acres. 
SEC. 8312. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO EXPE-DITE SALVAGE OPERATIONS IN RE-SPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC EVENTS. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Salvage operations carried out by the Secretary concerned on National Forest System lands or public lands are a category of actions hereby designated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under section 102 of the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. (c) A
CREAGE LIMITATION .—A salvage oper-ation covered by the categorical exclusion estab-lished under subsection (a) may not contain treatment units exceeding a total of 6,000 acres. (d) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— (1) S
TREAM BUFFERS .—A salvage operation covered by the categorical exclusion established under subsection (a) shall comply with the standards and guidelines for stream buffers con-tained in the applicable forest plan, except that the Regional Forester, in the case of National Forest System lands, or the State Director of the Bureau of Land Management, in the case of public lands, may, on a case-by-case basis, waive the standards and guidelines. (2) R
EFORESTATION PLAN .—A reforestation plan shall be developed under section 3 of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Vandenberg Act; (16 U.S.C. 576b)), as part of a salvage operation covered by the cat-egorical exclusion established under subsection (a). 
SEC. 8313. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO MEET FOREST PLAN GOALS FOR EARLY SUCCESSIONAL FORESTS. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Forest management activities described in sub-section (b) are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under sec-tion 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES DES-
IGNATED FOR CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .—The category of forest management activities des-ignated under this section for a categorical ex-clusion are forest management activities carried out by the Secretary concerned on National For-est System lands or public lands where the pri-mary purpose of such activity is to improve, en-hance, or create early successional forests for wildlife habitat improvement and other pur-poses, consistent with the applicable forest plan. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. (d) P
ROJECT GOALS.—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary concerned shall de-sign a forest management activity under this section to meet early successional forest goals in such a manner so as to maximize production and regeneration of priority species, as identi-fied in the forest plan and consistent with the capability of the activity site. (e) ACREAGE LIMITATIONS .—A forest manage-ment activity covered by the categorical exclu-sion established under subsection (a) may not contain treatment units exceeding a total of 6,000 acres. 
SEC. 8314. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR HAZ-ARD TREES. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Forest management activities carried out by the Secretary concerned to remove hazard trees for purposes of the protection of public health or safety, water supply, or public infrastructure are a category of actions hereby designated as being categorically excluded from the prepara-tion of an environmental assessment or an envi-ronmental impact statement under section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. 
SEC. 8315. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO IM-PROVE OR RESTORE NATIONAL FOR-EST SYSTEM LANDS OR PUBLIC LAND OR REDUCE THE RISK OF WILDFIRE. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Forest management activities described in sub-section (b) are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under sec-tion 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES DES-
IGNATED FOR CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The category of forest man-agement activities designated under this section for a categorical exclusion are forest manage-ment activities described in paragraph (2) that are carried out by the Secretary concerned on National Forest System lands or public lands where the primary purpose of such activity is to improve or restore such lands or reduce the risk of wildfire on those lands. (2) A
CTIVITIES AUTHORIZED .—The following forest management activities may be carried out pursuant to the categorical exclusion estab-lished under subsection (a): (A) Removal of juniper trees, medusahead rye, conifer trees, pin˜on pine trees, cheatgrass, and other noxious or invasive weeds specified on Federal or State noxious weeds lists through late-season livestock grazing, targeted livestock grazing, prescribed burns, and mechanical treat-ments. (B) Performance of hazardous fuels manage-ment. (C) Creation of fuel and fire breaks. (D) Modification of existing fences in order to distribute livestock and help improve wildlife habitat. (E) Stream restoration and erosion control, in-cluding the installation of erosion control de-vices. (F) Construction of new and maintenance of permanent infrastructure, including stock ponds, water catchments, and water spring boxes used to benefit livestock and improve wild-life habitat. (G) Performance of soil treatments, native and non-native seeding, and planting of and trans-planting sagebrush, grass, forb, shrub, and other species. (H) Use of herbicides, so long as the Secretary concerned determines that the activity is other-wise conducted consistently with agency proce-dures, including any forest plan applicable to the area covered by the activity. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4110 May 16, 2018 
of this Act, the Secretary concerned may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. (d) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .—A forest manage-ment activity covered by the categorical exclu-sion established under subsection (a) may not contain treatment units exceeding a total of 6,000 acres. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) H
AZARDOUS FUELS MANAGEMENT .—The term ‘‘hazardous fuels management’’ means any vegetation management activities that reduce the risk of wildfire. (2) L
ATE-SEASON GRAZING .—The term ‘‘late- season grazing’’ means grazing activities that occur after both the invasive species and native perennial species have completed their current- year annual growth cycle until new plant growth begins to appear in the following year. (3) T
ARGETED LIVESTOCK GRAZING .—The term ‘‘targeted livestock grazing’’ means grazing used for purposes of hazardous fuels management. 
SEC. 8316. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR FOR-EST RESTORATION. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Forest management activities described in sub-section (b) are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under sec-tion 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES DES-
IGNATED FOR CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The category of forest man-agement activities designated under this section for categorical exclusion are forest management activities described in paragraph (2) that are carried out by the Secretary concerned on Na-tional Forest System lands or public lands where the primary purpose of such activity is— (A) to improve forest health and resiliency to disturbances; (B) to reduce hazardous fuels; or (C) to improve wildlife and aquatic habitat. (2) A
CTIVITIES AUTHORIZED .—The following forest management activities may be carried out pursuant the categorical exclusion established under subsection (a): (A) Timber harvests, including commercial and pre-commercial timber harvest, salvage har-vest, and regeneration harvest. (B) Hazardous fuels reduction. (C) Prescribed burning. (D) Improvement or establishment of wildlife and aquatic habitat. (E) Stream restoration and erosion control. (F) Road and trail decommissioning. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. (d) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .—A forest manage-ment activity covered by the categorical exclu-sion established under subsection (a) may not contain treatment units exceeding a total of 6,000 acres. (e) L
IMITATIONS ON ROADBUILDING .— (1) P
ERMANENT ROADS .—A forest management activity covered by the categorical exclusion es-tablished by subsection (a) may include— (A) the construction of permanent roads not to exceed 3 miles; and (B) the maintenance and reconstruction of ex-isting permanent roads and trails, including the relocation of segments of existing roads and trails to address resource impacts. (2) T
EMPORARY ROADS .—Any temporary road constructed for a forest management activity covered by the categorical exclusion established by subsection (a) shall be decommissioned not later than 3 years after the date on which the project is completed. 
SEC. 8317. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR INFRA-STRUCTURE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Forest management activities described in sub-section (b) are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under sec-tion 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES DES-
IGNATED FOR CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .—The category of forest management activities des-ignated under this section for categorical exclu-sion are forest management activities carried out by the Secretary of Agriculture on National For-est System lands where the primary purpose of such activity is— (1) constructing, reconstructing, or decommis-sioning National Forest System roads not ex-ceeding 3 miles; (2) adding an existing road to the forest trans-portation system; (3) reclassifying a National Forest System road at a different maintenance level; (4) reconstructing, rehabilitating, or decom-missioning bridges; (5) removing dams; or (6) maintaining facilities through the use of pesticides as authorized by applicable Federal and State law and as applied in accordance with label instructions. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. 
SEC. 8318. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR DEVEL-OPED RECREATION SITES. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Forest management activities described in sub-section (b) are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under sec-tion 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES DES-
IGNATED FOR CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The category of forest man-agement activities designated under this section for a categorical exclusion are forest manage-ment activities described in paragraph (2) car-ried out by the Secretary of Agriculture on Na-tional Forest System lands where the primary purpose of such activity is to operate, maintain, modify, reconstruct, or decommission existing developed recreation sites. (2) A
CTIVITIES AUTHORIZED .—The following forest management activities may be carried out pursuant to the categorical exclusion under sub-section (a): (A) Constructing, modifying, or reconstructing toilet or shower facilities. (B) Constructing, modifying, or reconstructing fishing piers, wildlife viewing platforms, docks, or other constructed recreation sites or facilities. (C) Constructing, reconstructing, or maintain-ing, parking areas, National Forest System roads, or National Forest System trails within or connecting to recreation sites, including paving and road and trail rerouting, except that— (i) permanent roads constructed under this section may not exceed 3 miles; and (ii) temporary roads constructed for projects covered by this section shall be decommissioned within 3 years of completion of the project. (D) Modifying or reconstructing existing water or waste disposal systems. (E) Constructing, modifying, or reconstructing single or group use sites. (F) Decommissioning recreation facilities or portions of recreation facilities. (G) Decommissioning National Forest System roads or National Forest System trails not ex-ceeding 3 miles within or connecting to devel-oped recreation sites. (H) Constructing, modifying, or reconstructing boat landings. (I) Reconstructing existing ski lifts. (K) Modifying or reconstructing a recreation lodging rental. (c) AVAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. 
SEC. 8319. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR ADMIN-ISTRATIVE SITES. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Forest management activities described in sub-section (b) are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under sec-tion 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES DES-
IGNATED FOR CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .—The category of forest management activities des-ignated under this section for a categorical ex-clusion are forest management activities carried out by the Secretary of Agriculture on National Forest System lands where the primary purpose of such activity is to construct, reconstruct, maintain, decommission, relocate, or dispose of an administrative site. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. (d) L
IMITATIONS .— (1) P
ERMANENT ROADS .—A project covered by the categorical exclusion established by sub-section (a) may include— (A) the construction of permanent roads not to exceed 3 miles; and (B) the maintenance and reconstruction of ex-isting permanent roads and trails, including the relocation of segments of existing roads and trails to address resource impacts. (2) T
EMPORARY ROADS .—Any temporary road constructed for a project covered by the categor-ical exclusion established by subsection (a) shall be decommissioned not later than 3 years after the date on which the project is completed. (3) P
ESTICIDES .—Pesticides may only be used to carry out a project covered by the categorical exclusion established by subsection (a) as au-thorized by applicable Federal and State law and as applied in accordance with label instruc-tions. (e) D
EFINITION OF ADMINISTRATIVE SITE.—In this section, the term ‘‘administrative site’’ has the meaning given the term in section 502(1) of the Forest Service Facility Realignment and En-hancement Act of 2005 (16 U.S.C. 580d note). 
SEC. 8320. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR SPE-CIAL USE AUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Forest management activities described in sub-section (b) are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under sec-tion 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES DES-
IGNATED FOR CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .—The category of forest management activities des-ignated under this section for a categorical ex-clusion are forest management activities carried out by the Secretary of Agriculture on National Forest System lands where the primary purpose of such activity is: (1) Issuance of a new special use authoriza-tion for an existing or expired special use au-thorization, without any substantial change in the scope and scale of the authorized use and occupancy when— (A) the issuance is a purely ministerial action to account for administrative changes, such as a change in ownership or expiration of the cur-rent authorization; and (B) the applicant or holder is in compliance with the terms and conditions of the existing or expired special use authorization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4111 May 16, 2018 
(2) Modification, removal, repair, mainte-nance, reconstruction, or replacement of a facil-ity or improvement for an existing special use authorization. (3) Issuance of a new special use authoriza-tion or amendment to an existing special use au-thorization for activities that will occur on ex-isting roads, trails, facilities, or areas approved for use in a land management plan or other doc-umented decision. (4) Approval, modification, or continuation of minor, short-term (5 years or less) special uses of National Forest System lands or public lands. (5) Issuance of a special use authorization for an existing unauthorized use or occupancy that has not been deemed in trespass where no new ground disturbance is proposed. (6) Approval or modification of minor special uses of National Forest System lands or public lands that require less than 20 contiguous acres. (7) Approval of vegetative management plans, and vegetation management activities in accord-ance with an approved vegetation management plan, under a special use authorization for an electric transmission and distribution facility right-of-way. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF EXCLUSION .—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may use the categorical exclusion established under subsection (a) in ac-cordance with this section. (d) D
OCUMENT REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall not be required to prepare a project file or decision memorandum to categori-cally exclude a forest management activity de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (4) of sub-section (b). 
SEC. 8321. CLARIFICATION OF EXISTING CAT-EGORICAL EXCLUSION AUTHORITY RELATED TO INSECT AND DISEASE INFESTATION. 
Section 603(c)(2)(B) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(c)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘Fire Regime Groups I, II, or III’’ and inserting ‘‘Fire Regime I, Fire Regime II, Fire Regime III, Fire Regime IV, or Fire Regime V’’. PART III—MISCELLANEOUS FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 8331. GOOD NEIGHBOR AGREEMENTS. 
Section 8206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary or a Governor’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary, Governor, or Indian Tribe’’; (B) in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘Secretary and a Governor’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary and either a Governor or an Indian Tribe’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (6), (7), and (8) as paragraphs (7), (8), and (9), respectively; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian Tribe’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304));’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘or an Indian Tribe’’ after ‘‘Governor’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or an In-dian Tribe’’ after ‘‘Governor’’. 
SEC. 8332. PROMOTING CROSS-BOUNDARY WILD-FIRE MITIGATION. 
Section 103 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6513) is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) C
ROSS-BOUNDARY CONSIDERATIONS .—For any fiscal year for which the amount appro-priated to the Secretary for hazardous fuels re-duction is in excess of $300,000,000, the Sec-retary— ‘‘(A) is encouraged to use the excess amounts for hazardous fuels reduction projects that in-corporate cross-boundary treatments of land-scapes on Federal land and non-Federal land; and ‘‘(B) may use the excess amounts to support authorized hazardous fuels reduction projects on non-Federal lands through grants to State Foresters, or equivalent State officials, in ac-cordance with subsection (e) in an amount equal to the greater of— ‘‘(i) 20 percent of the excess amount; and ‘‘(ii) $20,000,000.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) CROSS-BOUNDARY FUELS REDUCTION  P
ROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall use the excess funds described in subsection (d)(3) to support hazardous fuels reduction projects that incor-porate treatments for hazardous fuels reduction in landscapes across ownership boundaries on Federal, State, county, or Tribal land, private land, and other non-Federal land, particularly in areas identified as priorities in applicable State-wide forest resource assessments or strate-gies under section 2A(a) of the Cooperative For-estry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2101a(a)), as mutually agreed to by the State Forester and the Regional Forester. ‘‘(2) L
AND TREATMENTS .—To conduct and fund treatments for projects that include Fed-eral and non-Federal land, the Secretary may— ‘‘(A) use the authorities of the Secretary relat-ing to cooperation and technical and financial assistance, including the good neighbor author-ity under— ‘‘(i) section 8206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a); and ‘‘(ii) section 331 of the Department of the Inte-rior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2001 (16 U.S.C. 1011 note; Public Law 106–291); and ‘‘(B) allocate excess funds under subsection (d)(3) for projects carried out pursuant to sec-tion 8206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a). ‘‘(3) C
OOPERATION .—In carrying out this sub-section, the State Forester, in consultation with the Secretary (or a designee)— ‘‘(A) shall consult with the owners of State, county, Tribal, and private land and other non- Federal land with respect to hazardous fuels re-duction projects; and ‘‘(B) shall not implement any project on non- Federal land without the consent of the owner of the non-Federal land. ‘‘(4) E
XISTING LAWS .—Regardless of the indi-vidual or entity implementing a project on non- Federal land under this subsection, only the laws and regulations that apply to non-Federal land shall be applicable with respect to the project.’’. 
SEC. 8333. REGULATIONS REGARDING DESIGNA-TION OF DEAD OR DYING TREES OF CERTAIN TREE SPECIES ON NA-TIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS IN CALIFORNIA AS EXEMPT FROM PRO-HIBITION ON EXPORT OF UNPROC-ESSED TIMBER ORIGINATING FROM FEDERAL LANDS. 
(a) I SSUANCE OF REGULATIONS .—Consistent with the rulemaking procedures specified in paragraph (2) of subsection (b) of section 489 of the Forest Resources Conservation and Shortage Relief Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 620a), the Secretary of Agriculture shall make a determination under paragraph (1) of such subsection that unproc-essed timber derived from dead or dying trees of a covered tree species originating on National Forest System lands in the State of California are surplus to domestic manufacturing needs and therefore exempt from the export prohibi-tion contained in subsection (a) of such section. (b) E
LIMINATION OF ADVERSE EFFECTS .—In making the determination under subsection (a) and in implementing any regulations issued under such subsection, the Secretary of Agri-culture shall— (1) consult with representatives of sawmills in the State of California and other interested per-sons; and (2) make reasonable efforts to avoid adversely impacting the domestic sawmill industry in the State of California. (c) SPECIAL CONTRACT PROVISIONS .—The Sec- retary of Agriculture may adjust contract provi-sions for Forest Service contracts in region 5 of the National Forest System as the Secretary considers appropriate to ensure successful im-plementation of, and compliance with, the regu-lations issued under subsection (a). (d) R
ELATION TO LIMITATIONS ON TIMBER SUB-
STITUTION .—Section 490 of the Forest Resources Conservation and Shortage Relief Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 620b) shall not apply to unprocessed tim-ber designated as surplus pursuant to the regu-lations issued under subsection (a). (e) A
DDITIONAL STAFF FOR IMPLEMENTA -
TION.—Using funds otherwise available to the Forest Service for management, protection, im-provement, and utilization of the National For-est System, the Secretary of Agriculture may hire additional Forest Service employees to im-plement the regulations issued under subsection (a). (f) D
URATION OF REGULATIONS ; PERIODIC RE-
VIEW.—The regulations issued under subsection (a) shall remain in effect for a 10-year period be-ginning on the date of the issuance of the regu-lations, except that the continued need for the regulations shall be subject to the periodic re-view required by the second sentence of section 489(b)(2) of the Forest Resources Conservation and Shortage Relief Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 620a(b)(2)). (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED TREE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘cov-ered tree species’’ means the following pine spe-cies: (A) Ponderosa pine (Pinus ponderosa). (B) Sugar pine (Pinus lambertiana). (C) Jeffrey pine (Pinus jefferyi). (D) Lodgepole pine (Pinus contorta). (2) D
IED OR DYING .—The term ‘‘died or dying’’, with respect to a covered tree species, shall be determined in a manner consistent with applicable Forest Service standards. Subtitle D—Tribal Forestry Participation and Protection 
SEC. 8401. PROTECTION OF TRIBAL FOREST AS-SETS THROUGH USE OF STEWARD-SHIP END RESULT CONTRACTING AND OTHER AUTHORITIES. 
(a) P ROMPT CONSIDERATION OF TRIBAL RE-
QUESTS .—Section 2(b) of the Tribal Forest Pro-tection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than 120 days after the date on which an Indian tribe submits to the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘In response to the submission by an Indian Tribe of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) T
IME PERIODS FOR CONSIDERATION .— ‘‘(A) I
NITIAL RESPONSE .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a Tribal request under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide an initial response to the Indian Tribe regarding— ‘‘(i) whether the request may meet the selec-tion criteria described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(ii) the likelihood of the Secretary entering into an agreement or contract with the Indian Tribe under paragraph (2) for activities de-scribed in paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF DENIAL .—Notice under sub-section (d) of the denial of a Tribal request under paragraph (1) shall be provided not later than 1 year after the date on which the Sec-retary received the request. ‘‘(C) C
OMPLETION .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the Secretary receives a Tribal request under paragraph (1), other than a Tribal request denied under subsection (d), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) complete all environmental reviews nec-essary in connection with the agreement or con-tract and proposed activities under the agree-ment or contract; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4112 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(ii) enter into the agreement or contract with the Indian Tribe under paragraph (2).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AND TECHNICAL AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 2 of the Tribal Forest Protec-tion Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a) is amended— (1) in subsections (b)(1) and (f)(1), by striking ‘‘section 347 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (16 U.S.C. 2104 note; Public Law 105–277) (as amended by section 323 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2003 (117 Stat. 275))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c)’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(1), the Secretary may’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graphs (1) and (4)(B) of subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall’’. 
SEC. 8402. TRIBAL FOREST MANAGEMENT DEM-ONSTRATION PROJECT. 
The Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture may carry out demonstra-tion projects by which federally recognized In-dian Tribes or Tribal organizations may con-tract to perform administrative, management, and other functions of programs of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) through contracts entered into under the Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304 et seq.). Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 8501. CLARIFICATION OF RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT PROGRAM FOR WOOD BUILDING CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct performance-driven research and development, education, and technical assistance for the pur-pose of facilitating the use of innovative wood products in wood building construction in the United States. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) after receipt of input and guidance from, and collaboration with, the wood products in-dustry, conservation organizations, and institu-tions of higher education, conduct research and development, education, and technical assist-ance that meets measurable performance goals for the achievement of the priorities described in subsection (c); and (2) after coordination and collaboration with the wood products industry and conservation organizations, make competitive grants to insti-tutions of higher education to conduct research and development, education, and technical as-sistance that meets measurable performance goals for the achievement of the priorities de-scribed in subsection (c). (c) P
RIORITIES .—The research and develop-ment, education, and technical assistance con-ducted under subsection (a) shall give priority to— (1) ways to improve the commercialization of innovative wood products; (2) analyzing the safety of tall wood building materials; (3) calculations by the Secretary of the life cycle environmental footprint, from extraction of raw materials through the manufacturing process, of tall wood building construction; (4) analyzing methods to reduce the life cycle environmental footprint of tall wood building construction; (5) analyzing the potential implications of the use of innovative wood products in building construction on wildlife; and (6) one or more other research areas identified by the Secretary, in consultation with conserva-tion organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, and the wood products industry. (d) T
IMEFRAME .—To the maximum extent practicable, the measurable performance goals for the research and development, education, and technical assistance conducted under sub-section (a) shall be achievable within a 5-year period. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) INNOVATIVE WOOD PRODUCT .—The term ‘‘innovative wood product’’ means a type of building component or system that uses large panelized wood construction, including mass timber. (2) M
ASS TIMBER .—The term ‘‘mass timber’’ includes— (A) cross-laminated timber; (B) nail-laminated timber; (C) glue-laminated timber; (D) laminated strand lumber; and (E) laminated veneer lumber. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Research and Development deputy area and the State and Private Forestry deputy area of the Forest Service. (4) T
ALL WOOD BUILDING .—The term ‘‘tall wood building’’ means a building designed to be— (A) constructed with mass timber; and (B) more than 85 feet in height. 
SEC. 8502. UTILITY INFRASTRUCTURE RIGHTS-OF- WAY VEGETATION MANAGEMENT PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—To encourage owners or operators of rights-of-way on Na-tional Forest System land to partner with the Forest Service to voluntarily perform vegetation management on a proactive basis to better pro-tect utility infrastructure from potential passing wildfires, the Secretary shall conduct a limited, voluntary pilot program, in the manner de-scribed in this section, to permit vegetation man-agement projects on National Forest System land adjacent to or near such rights-of-way. (b) E
LIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—A participant in the pilot program must have a right-of-way on National Forest System land. In selecting par-ticipants, the Secretary shall give priority to holders of a right-of-way who have worked with Forest Service fire scientists and used tech-nologies, such as Light Detection and Ranging surveys, to improve utility infrastructure protec-tion prescriptions. (c) P
ROJECT ELEMENTS .—A vegetation man-agement project under the pilot program in-volves limited and selective vegetation manage-ment activities, which— (1) shall create the least amount of disturb-ance reasonably necessary to protect utility in-frastructure from passing wildfires based on ap-plicable models, including Forest Service fuel models; (2) may include thinning, fuel reduction, cre-ation and treatment of shaded fuel breaks, and other measures as appropriate; (3) shall only take place adjacent to the par-ticipant’s right-of-way or within 75 feet of the participant’s right-of-way; (4) shall not take place in any designated wil-derness area, wilderness study area, or inven-toried roadless area; and (5) shall be subject to approval by the Forest Service in accordance with this section. (d) P
ROJECT COSTS.—A participant in the pilot program shall be responsible for all costs, as de-termined by the Secretary, incurred in partici-pating in the pilot program, unless the Secretary determines that it is in the public interest for the Forest Service to contribute funds for a vegetation management project conducted under the pilot program. (e) L
IABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Participation in the pilot program does not affect any existing legal obli-gations or liability standards that— (A) arise under the right-of-way for activities in the right-of-way; or (B) apply to fires resulting from causes other than activities conducted pursuant to an ap-proved vegetation management project. (2) P
ROJECT WORK .—A participant shall not be liable to the United States for damage proxi-mately caused by activities conducted pursuant to an approved vegetation management project unless— (A) such activities were carried out in a man-ner that was grossly negligent or that violated criminal law; or (B) the damage was caused by the failure of the participant to comply with specific safety re-quirements expressly imposed by the Forest Service as a condition of participating in the pilot program. (f) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall utilize existing laws and regulations in the con-duct of the pilot program and, in order to imple-ment the pilot program in an efficient and expe-ditious manner, may waive or modify specific provisions of the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion, including modifications to allow for forma-tion of contracts or agreements on a non-competitive basis. (g) T
REATMENT OF PROCEEDS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary may— (1) retain any funds provided to the Forest Service by a participant in the pilot program; and (2) use such funds, in such amounts as may be appropriated, in the conduct of the pilot pro-gram. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LAND .—The term ‘‘National Forest System land’’ means land within the National Forest System, as defined in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Re-newable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)) exclusive of the National Grass-lands and land utilization projects designated as National Grasslands administered pursuant to the Act of July 22, 1937 (7 U.S.C. 1010–1012). (2) P
ASSING WILDFIRE .—The term ‘‘passing wildfire’’ means a wildfire that originates out-side the right-of-way. (3) R
IGHT-OF-WAY.—The term ‘‘right-of-way’’ means a special use authorization issued by the Forest Service allowing the placement of utility infrastructure. (4) U
TILITY INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘‘util-ity infrastructure’’ means electric transmission lines, natural gas infrastructure, or related structures. (i) D
URATION .—The authority to conduct the pilot program, and any vegetation management project under the pilot program, expires Decem-ber 21, 2027. (j) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than De-cember 31, 2019, and every two years thereafter, the Secretary shall issue a report to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate, the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Represent-atives, and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives on the status of the program and any projects established under this section. 
SEC. 8503. REVISION OF EXTRAORDINARY CIR-CUMSTANCES REGULATIONS. 
(a) D ETERMINATIONS OF EXTRAORDINARY CIR-
CUMSTANCES .—In determining whether extraor-dinary circumstances related to a proposed ac-tion preclude use of a categorical exclusion, the Forest Service shall not be required to— (1) consider whether a proposed action is within a potential wilderness area; (2) consider whether a proposed action affects a Forest Service sensitive species; (3) conduct an analysis under section 220.4(f) of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations, of the proposed action’s cumulative impact (as the term is defined in section 1508.7 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations); (4) consider a determination under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) that a proposed action may affect, but is not likely to adversely affect, threatened, en-dangered, or candidate species, or designated critical habitats; or (5) consider a determination under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) that a proposed action may affect, and is likely to adversely affect threatened, endan-gered, candidate species, or designated critical habitat if the agency is in compliance with the applicable provisions of the biological opinion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4113 May 16, 2018 
(b) P ROPOSED RULEMAKING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall publish a notice of proposed rulemaking to revise section 220.6(b) of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations to conform such section with subsection (a). (c) A
DDITIONAL REVISION .—As part of the pro-posed rulemaking described in subsection (b), the Secretary of Agriculture shall revise section 220.5(a)(2) of title 36, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to provide that the Forest Service shall not be required to consider proposals that would substantially alter a potential wilderness area as a class of actions normally requiring environ-mental impact statements. (d) A
DDITIONAL ACTIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall issue final regulations to carry out the revisions described in subsections (b) and (c). 
SEC. 8504. NO LOSS OF FUNDS FOR WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION. 
Nothing in this title or the amendments made by this title may be construed to limit from the availability of funds or other resources for wild-fire suppression. 
SEC. 8505. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) W ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION FUNDING AND FOR-
ESTMANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Wildfire Suppression Funding and Forest Management Activities Act (Public Law 115–141) is amended— (A) in section 102(a)(2), by striking ‘‘the date of enactment’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of the enactment’’; and (B) in section 401(a)(1), by inserting ‘‘of 2000’’ after ‘‘Self-Determination Act’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as if enacted as part of the Wildfire Suppression Funding and Forest Management Activities Act (Public Law 115–141). (b) A
GRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014.—Section 8206(a) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)(B)(i)(II), by striking ‘‘Good Neighbor Authority Improvement Act’’ and inserting ‘‘Wildfire Suppression Funding and Forest Management Activities Act’’; and (2) in paragraph (7), as redesignated by sec-tion 8331, by striking ‘‘Good Neighbor Authority Improvement Act’’ and inserting ‘‘Wildfire Sup-pression Funding and Forest Management Ac-tivities Act’’. TITLE IX—HORTICULTURE Subtitle A—Horticulture Marketing and Information 
SEC. 9001. SPECIALTY CROPS MARKET NEWS AL-LOCATION. 
Section 10107(b) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 1622b(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 9002. FARMERS’ MARKET AND LOCAL FOOD PROMOTION PROGRAM. 
Section 6(g) of the Farmer-to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act of 1976 (7 U.S.C. 3005(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘this section’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2018.’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘this section— ‘‘(A) $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018; and ‘‘(B) $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5), re-spectively. 
SEC. 9003. FOOD SAFETY EDUCATION INITIA-TIVES. 
Section 10105(c) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 7655a(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 9004. SPECIALTY CROP BLOCK GRANTS. 
Section 101 of the Specialty Crops Competi-tiveness Act of 2004 (7 U.S.C. 1621 note; Public Law 108–465) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘agriculture solely to enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops.’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘agriculture to— ‘‘(1) enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops; ‘‘(2) leverage efforts to market and promote specialty crops; ‘‘(3) assist producers with research and devel-opment; ‘‘(4) expand availability and access to spe-cialty crops; ‘‘(5) address local, regional, and national challenges confronting specialty crop producers; and ‘‘(6) other priorities as determined by the Sec-retary in consultation with relevant State de-partments of agriculture.’’; (2) in subsection (k), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) EVALUATION OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall enter into a cooperative agreement with relevant State departments of agriculture and specialty crop industry stakeholders that agree to— ‘‘(A) develop, in consultation with the Sec-retary, performance measures to be used as the sole means for performing an evaluation under subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(B) periodically evaluate the performance of the program established under this section.’’; and (3) in subsection (l)(2)(E), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 9005. AMENDMENTS TO THE PLANT VARIETY PROTECTION ACT. 
(a) A SEXUALLY REPRODUCED DEFINED .—Sec- tion 41(a) of the Plant Variety Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 2401(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), and (9) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), and (10), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so re-designated, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) A
SEXUALLY REPRODUCED .—The term ‘asexually reproduced’ means produced by a method of plant propagation using vegetative material (other than seed) from a single parent, including cuttings, grafting, tissue culture, and propagation by root division.’’. (b) R
IGHT TO PLANT VARIETY PROTECTION ; P
LANT VARIETIES PROTECTABLE .—Section 42(a) of the Plant Variety Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 2402(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘or tuber propa-gated’’ and inserting ‘‘, tuber propagated, or asexually reproduced’’. (c) I
NFRINGEMENT OF PLANT VARIETY PROTEC -
TION.—Section 111(a)(3) of the Plant Variety Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 2541(a)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or asexually’’ after ‘‘sexually’’. (d) F
ALSE MARKETING ; CEASE AND DESIST OR-
DERS.—Section 128(a) of the Plant Variety Pro-tection Act (7 U.S.C. 2568(a)) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or asexually’’ after ‘‘sexually’’. 
SEC. 9006. ORGANIC PROGRAMS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL ACCREDITATION AUTHORITY .— Section 2115 of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6514) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) S
ATELLITE OFFICES AND OVERSEAS OPER-
ATIONS .—The Secretary— ‘‘(1) has oversight and approval authority with respect to a certifying agent accredited under this section who is operating as a certi-fying agent in a foreign country for the purpose of certifying a farm or handling operation in such foreign country as a certified organic farm or handling operation; and ‘‘(2) shall require that each certifying agent that intends to operate in any foreign country as described in paragraph (1) is authorized by the Secretary to so operate on an annual basis.’’. (b) NATIONAL LIST OF APPROVED AND PROHIB -
ITED SUBSTANCES FOR ORGANIC FARMING OR  H
ANDLING OPERATIONS .—Section 2119(n) of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6518(n)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(n) P
ETITIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall establish procedures under which persons may petition the Board for the purpose of evaluating sub-stances for inclusion on the National List. ‘‘(2) E
XPEDITED REVIEW .—The Secretary shall develop procedures under which the review of a petition referred to in paragraph (1) may be ex-pedited if the petition seeks to include on the National List a postharvest handling substance that is related to food safety or a class of such substances. ‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (2) shall be construed as providing that section 2118(d) does not apply with respect to the inclusion of a substance on the National List pursuant to such paragraph.’’. (c) C
ERTAIN EMPLOYEES ELIGIBLE TO SERVE AS  N
ATIONAL ORGANICS STANDARDS BOARD MEM-
BERS.—Section 2119(b) of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6518(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, or em-ployees of such individuals’’ after ‘‘operation’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, or em-ployees of such individuals’’ after ‘‘operation’’; and (3) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, or an em-ployee of such individual’’ after ‘‘products’’. (d) N
ATIONAL ORGANIC STANDARDS BOARD  C
ONSULTATION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 2119(l) of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6518(l)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘and the evaluation of the technical advisory panel’’ and inserting ‘‘, the evaluation of the technical advisory panel, and the determinations of the task force required under paragraph (4)’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) in the case of a substance not included in the National List that the Commissioner of Food and Drugs has determined to be safe for use within the meaning of section 201(s) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321(s)) or the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency has determined there is a reasonable certainty that no harm will re-sult from aggregate exposure to the pesticide chemical residue, including all anticipated die-tary exposures and all other exposures for which there is reliable information, convene a task force to consult with the Commissioner or Administrator (or the designees thereof), as ap-plicable, to determine if such substance should be included in the National List.’’. (e) R
ECORDKEEPING , INVESTIGATION , ANDEN-
FORCEMENT .— (1) C
OLLABORATIVE INVESTIGATIONS AND EN -
FORCEMENT .—Section 2120 of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6519) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(d) C
OLLABORATIVE INVESTIGATIONS AND EN-
FORCEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
NFORMATION SHARING DURING ACTIVE IN -
VESTIGATION .—In carrying out this title, all par-ties to an active investigation (including certi-fying agents, State organic certification pro-grams, and the national organic program) may share confidential business information with Federal and State government officers and em-ployees and certifying agents involved in the in-vestigation as necessary to fully investigate and enforce potential violations of this title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4114 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(2) A CCESS TO DATA DOCUMENTATION SYS -
TEMS.—The Secretary shall have access to avail-able data from cross-border documentation sys-tems administered by other Federal agencies, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) the Automated Commercial Environment system of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(B) the Phytosanitary Certificate Issuance and Tracking system of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION AND  
VERIFICATION .—The Secretary, acting through the Deputy Administrator of the national or-ganic program under this title, has the author-ity, and shall grant an accredited certifying agent the authority, to require producers and handlers to provide additional documentation or verification before granting certification under section 2104, in the case of a known area of risk or when there is a specific area of concern, with respect to meeting the national standards for or-ganic production established under section 2105, as determined by the Secretary or the certifying agent.’’. (2) M
ODIFICATION OF REGULATIONS ON EXCLU -
SIONS FROM CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall issue regula-tions to limit the type of operations that are ex-cluded from certification under section 205.101 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations (or a suc-cessor regulation). (f) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Section 2122 of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6521) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, and annually thereafter through March 1, 2023, the Secretary shall sub-mit to Congress a report describing national or-ganic program activities with respect to all do-mestic and overseas investigations and compli-ance actions taken pursuant to this title during the preceding year.’’. (g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  N
ATIONAL ORGANIC PROGRAM .—Subsection (b) of section 2123 of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6522) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL ORGANIC PROGRAM .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, in order to carry out activities under the national organic program established under this title, there are authorized to be appropriated— ‘‘(1) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(2) $16,500,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) $18,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(4) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(5) $22,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(6) $24,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. (h) I
NTERNATIONAL TRADE TECHNOLOGY SYS-
TEMS AND DATACOLLECTION .—Subsection (c) of section 2123 of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6522) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) M
ODERNIZATION AND IMPROVEMENT OF  I
NTERNATIONAL TRADE TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
ANDDATACOLLECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall mod-ernize international trade tracking and data collection systems of the national organic pro-gram. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Secretary shall modernize trade and transaction certificates to ensure full traceability without unduly hindering trade, such as through an electronic trade document exchange system. ‘‘(3) F
UNDING .—Of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall make available $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 for the purposes of— ‘‘(A) carrying out this subsection; and ‘‘(B) maintaining the database and tech-nology upgrades previously carried out under this subsection, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. ‘‘(4) AVAILABILITY .—The amounts made avail-able under paragraph (3) are in addition to any other funds made available for the purposes specified in such paragraph and shall remain available until expended.’’. (i) O
RGANIC PRODUCTION AND MARKET DATA I
NITIATIVES .—Section 7407(d) of the Farm Secu-rity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 5925c(d)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-serting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY FUNDING FOR FISCAL YEAR  
2019.—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Cor-poration, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, to re-main available until expended.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3), as so amended, as paragraph (2). Subtitle B—Regulatory Reform PART I—STATE LEAD AGENCIES UNDER FEDERAL INSECTICIDE, FUNGICIDE, AND RODENTICIDE ACT 
SEC. 9101. RECOGNITION AND ROLE OF STATE LEAD AGENCIES. 
(a) S TATE LEAD AGENCY DEFINED .—Section 2(aa) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136(aa)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(aa) S
TATE.—The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(aa) S
TATE; STATE LEADAGENCY .— ‘‘(1) S
TATE.—The term’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
TATE LEAD AGENCY .—The term ‘State lead agency’ means a statewide department, agency, board, bureau, or other entity in a State that is authorized to regulate, in a manner con-sistent with section 24(a), the sale or use of any federally registered pesticide or device in such State.’’. (b) U
NIFORM REGULATION OF PESTICIDES .— (1) C
OOPERATION WITH AND ROLE OF STATE  
LEAD AGENCY .—Section 22(b) of the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136t(b)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘promul-gated by the Administrator or, when authorized pursuant to a cooperative agreement entered into under section 23(a)(1), by a State lead agency for a State’’. (2) A
UTHORITY TO ESTABLISH AND MAINTAIN  
UNIFORM REGULATIONS .—Section 23(a)(1) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136u(a)(1)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘enforcement of this Act,’’ the following: ‘‘to authorize the State or Indian Tribe to estab-lish and maintain uniform regulation of pes-ticides within the State or for the Indian Tribe,’’. (3) C
ONDITION ON MORE RESTRICTIVE REGULA -
TION.—Section 24(a) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136v(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘A State may’’ and inserting ‘‘A State, but not a political sub-division of a State, may’’. (c) R
OLE OF STATE LEADAGENCIES IN PRO-
MULGATION OF REGULATIONS .—Section 25(a)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w(a)(2)) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘and each State lead agency’’ after ‘‘Agriculture’’; (B) by striking the second sentence and insert-ing the following: ‘‘If the Secretary or any State lead agency comments in writing to the Admin-istrator regarding any such regulation within 30 days after receiving the copy of the regulation, the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register (with the proposed regulation) all such comments and the response of the Administrator to the comments.’’; and (C) in the third sentence, by inserting ‘‘or any State lead agency’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘and each State lead agency’’ after ‘‘Agriculture’’; (B) by striking the second sentence and insert-ing the following: ‘‘If the Secretary or any State lead agency comments in writing to the Admin-istrator regarding any such regulation within 15 days after receiving the copy of the regulation, the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register (with the final regulation) the com-ments of the Secretary or State lead agency, if requested by the Secretary or State lead agency, and the response of the Administrator to the comments.’’; and (C) in the third sentence, by inserting ‘‘or any State lead agency’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, in con-sultation with the State lead agencies’’. PART II—PESTICIDE REGISTRATION AND USE SEC. 9111. REGISTRATION OF PESTICIDES. 
(a) A PPROVAL OF REGISTRATION .—Section 3(c)(5) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a(c)(5)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (D) as clauses (i) through (iv), respec-tively and moving the margins of such clauses (as so redesignated) 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘
REGISTRATION .—The Adminis-trator’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘
REGISTRA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator;’’; (3) in clause (iii), as so redesignated, by strik-ing ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semi-colon; (4) in clause (iv), as so redesignated, by strik-ing the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (5) in the matter following clause (iv), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘The Administrator shall not make any lack’’ and all that follows through ‘‘for use of the pesticide in such State.’’; (6) in subparagraph (A), as amended, by add-ing at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(v) when used in accordance with wide-spread and commonly recognized practice it is not likely to jeopardize the survival of a feder-ally listed threatened or endangered species or directly or indirectly alter, in a manner that is likely to appreciably diminish its value, critical habitat for both the survival and recovery of such species.’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(B) P
RINCIPLES TO BE APPLIED TO CERTAIN  
DETERMINATIONS .—In determining whether the condition specified in subparagraph (A)(v) is met, the Administrator shall take into account the best scientific and commercial information and data available, and shall consider all direc-tions for use and restrictions on use specified by the registration. In making such determination, the Administrator shall use an economical and effective screening process that includes higher- tiered probabilistic ecological risk assessments, as appropriate. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Administrator shall not be re-quired to consult or otherwise communicate with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce except to the extent specified in subparagraphs (C) and (D). ‘‘(C) S
PECIES INFORMATION AND DATA .— ‘‘(i) R
EQUEST .—Not later than 30 days after the Administrator begins any determination under subparagraph (A)(v) with respect to the registration of a pesticide, the Administrator shall request that the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce transmit, with respect to any federally listed threatened and endangered species involved in such determina-tion, the Secretaries’ best available and authori-tative information and data on— ‘‘(I) the location, life history, habitat needs, distribution, threats, population trends and con-servation needs of such species; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4115 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(II) relevant physical and biological features of designated critical habitat for such species. ‘‘(ii) T
RANSMISSION OF DATA .—After receiving a request under clause (i), the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall transmit the information described in such clause to the Administrator on a timely basis, unless the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Commerce have made such information available through a web-based platform that is updated on at least a quarterly basis. ‘‘(iii) F
AILURE TO TRANSMIT DATA .—The fail- ure of the Secretary of the Interior or the Sec-retary of Commerce to provide information to the Administrator under clause (ii) shall not constitute grounds for extending any deadline for action under section 33(f). ‘‘(D) C
ONSULTATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—At the request of an appli-cant, the Administrator shall request consulta-tion with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—With respect to a con-sultation under this subparagraph, the Adminis-trator and the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall comply with sub-part D of part 402 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (commonly known as the Joint Counterpart Endangered Species Act Section 7 Consultation), or successor regulations. ‘‘(E) F
AILURE TO CONSULT .— ‘‘(i) N
OT ACTIONABLE .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, beginning on the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, the failure of the Administrator to consult with the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Com-merce, except as provided by this section, is not actionable in any Federal court. ‘‘(ii) R
EMEDY .—In any action pending in Fed-eral court on the date of the enactment of this subparagraph or any action brought in Federal court after such date, with respect to the Ad-ministrator’s failure to consult with the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Com-merce, the sole and exclusive remedy for any such action, other than as otherwise specified in this Act, shall be scheduling the determinations required by section 3(c)(5)(E) for an active in-gredient consistent with the periodic review of registrations established by this section. ‘‘(F) E
SSENTIALITY AND EFFICACY .—The Ad- ministrator shall not make any lack of essen-tiality a criterion for denying registration of any pesticide. Where two pesticides meet the re-quirements of this paragraph, one should not be registered in preference to the other. In consid-ering an application for the registration of a pesticide, the Administrator may waive data re-quirements pertaining to efficacy, in which event the Administrator may register the pes-ticide without determining that the pesticide’s composition is such as to warrant proposed claims of efficacy. If a pesticide is found to be efficacious by any State under section 24(c), a presumption is established that the Adminis-trator shall waive data requirements pertaining to efficacy for use of the pesticide in such State.’’. (b) R
EGISTRATION UNDER SPECIAL CIR-
CUMSTANCES .—Section 3(c)(7) of the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a(c)(7)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and when used in accord-ance with widespread and commonly recognized practice, it is not likely to jeopardize the sur-vival of a federally listed threatened or endan-gered species or appreciably diminish the value of critical habitat for both the survival and re-covery of the listed species,’’ after ‘‘or differ only in ways that would not significantly in-crease the risk of unreasonable adverse effects on the environment,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and it is not likely to jeop-ardize the survival of a federally listed threat-ened or endangered species or appreciably di-minish the value of critical habitat for both the survival and recovery of the listed species’’ be-fore ‘‘. An applicant seeking conditional reg-istration’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘and it is not likely to jeopardize the survival of a fed-erally listed threatened or endangered species or directly or indirectly appreciably diminish the value of critical habitat for both the survival and recovery of the listed species’’ before ‘‘. Not-withstanding the foregoing provisions’’. (c) REGISTRATION REVIEW .—Section 3(g)(1)(A) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a(g)(1)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(vi) E
NSURING PROTECTION OF SPECIES AND  
HABITAT .—The Administrator shall complete the determination required under subsection (c)(5)(A)(v) for an active ingredient consistent with the periodic review of registrations under clauses (ii) and (iii) in accordance with the fol-lowing schedule: ‘‘(I) With respect to any active ingredient first registered on or before October 1, 2007, not later than October 1, 2026. ‘‘(II) With respect to any active ingredient first registered between October 1, 2007, and the day before the date of the enactment of this clause, not later than October 1, 2033. ‘‘(III) With respect to any active ingredient first registered on or after the date of the enact-ment of this clause, not later than 48 months after the effective date of registration.’’. 
SEC. 9112. EXPERIMENTAL USE PERMITS. 
Section 5(a) of the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136c(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and that the issuance of such a permit is not likely to jeopardize the sur-vival of a federally listed threatened or endan-gered species or diminish the value of critical habitat for both the survival and recovery of the listed species’’ after ‘‘section 3 of this Act’’. 
SEC. 9113. ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW; SUSPEN-SION. 
Section 6(b) of the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136d(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or does not meet the cri-teria specified in section 3(c)(5)(A)(v)’’ after ‘‘adverse effects on the environment’’. 
SEC. 9114. UNLAWFUL ACTS. 
Section 12 of the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136j) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) L
AWFUL USE OF PESTICIDE RESULTING IN  I
NCIDENTAL TAKING OF CERTAIN SPECIES .—If the Administrator determines, with respect to a pes-ticide that is registered under this Act, that the pesticide meets the criteria specified in section 3(c)(5)(A)(v), any taking of a federally listed threatened or endangered species that is inci-dental to an otherwise lawful use of such pes-ticide pursuant to this Act shall not be consid-ered unlawful under— ‘‘(1) section 4(d) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(d)); or ‘‘(2) section 9(a)(1)(B) of the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(a)(1)(B)).’’. 
SEC. 9115. AUTHORITY OF STATES. 
Section 24(c) of the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136v(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘and the State registration is not likely to jeopardize the survival of a federally listed threatened or endangered species or di-rectly or indirectly alter in a manner that is likely to appreciably diminish the value of crit-ical habitat for both the survival and recovery of the listed species’’ before the period at the end; and (2) by striking paragraph (4). 
SEC. 9116. REGULATIONS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall publish, and revise thereafter as appropriate, a work plan and processes for completing the deter-minations required by clause (v) of section 3(c)(5)(A) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a(c)(5)(A)), as added by section 9111(a), and implementing and enforcing standards of registration consistent with such clause and consistent with registra-tion reviews and other periodic reviews. SEC. 9117. USE OF AUTHORIZED PESTICIDES. 
Section 3(f) of the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a(f)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF AUTHORIZED PESTICIDES .—Except as provided in section 402(s) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the Administrator or a State may not require a permit under such Act for a discharge from a point source into navigable waters of a pesticide authorized for sale, distribution, or use under this Act, or the residue of such a pesticide, resulting from the application of such pesticide.’’. 
SEC. 9118. DISCHARGES OF PESTICIDES. 
Section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(s) D
ISCHARGES OF PESTICIDES .— ‘‘(1) N
O PERMIT REQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a permit shall not be required by the Administrator or a State under this Act for a discharge from a point source into navigable waters of a pesticide authorized for sale, distribution, or use under the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, or the residue of such a pesticide, resulting from the application of such pesticide. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the following discharges of a pesticide or pesticide residue: ‘‘(A) A discharge resulting from the applica-tion of a pesticide in violation of a provision of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act that is relevant to protecting water quality, if— ‘‘(i) the discharge would not have occurred but for the violation; or ‘‘(ii) the amount of pesticide or pesticide res-idue in the discharge is greater than would have occurred without the violation. ‘‘(B) Stormwater discharges subject to regula-tion under subsection (p). ‘‘(C) The following discharges subject to regu-lation under this section: ‘‘(i) Manufacturing or industrial effluent. ‘‘(ii) Treatment works effluent. ‘‘(iii) Discharges incidental to the normal op-eration of a vessel, including a discharge result-ing from ballasting operations or vessel bio-fouling prevention.’’. 
SEC. 9119. ENACTMENT OF PESTICIDE REGISTRA-TION IMPROVEMENT ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2017. 
H.R. 1029 of the 115th Congress, entitled the ‘‘Pesticide Registration Improvement Enhance-ment Act of 2017’’, as passed by the House of Representatives on March 20, 2017, is hereby en-acted into law. PART III—AMENDMENTS TO THE PLANT PROTECTION ACT 
SEC. 9121. METHYL BROMIDE. 
Section 419 of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7719) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 419. METHYL BROMIDE. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), a State, local, or Tribal authority may authorize the use of methyl bromide for a quali-fied use if the authority determines the use is re-quired to respond to an emergency event. The Secretary may authorize such a use if the Sec-retary determines such a use is required to re-spond to an emergency event. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 5 days after the date on which a State, local, or Tribal authority makes the determination described in paragraph (1), the State, local, or Tribal author-ity intending to authorize the use of methyl bro-mide for a qualified use shall submit to the Sec-retary a notification that contains the informa-tion described in subsection (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4116 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(3) O BJECTION .—A State, local, or Tribal au-thority may not authorize the use of methyl bro-mide under paragraph (1) if the Secretary ob-jects to such use under subsection (c) within the 5-day period specified in such subsection. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION CONTENTS .—A notification submitted under subsection (a)(2) by a State, local, or Tribal authority shall contain— ‘‘(1) a certification that the State, local, or Tribal authority requires the use of methyl bro-mide to respond to an emergency event; ‘‘(2) a description of the emergency event and the economic loss that would result from such emergency event; ‘‘(3) the identity and contact information for the responsible individual of the authority; and ‘‘(4) with respect to the qualified use of meth-yl bromide that is the subject of the notifica-tion— ‘‘(A) the specific location in which the methyl bromide is to be used and the total acreage of such location; ‘‘(B) the identity of the pest or pests to be con-trolled by such use; ‘‘(C) the total volume of methyl bromide to be used; and ‘‘(D) the anticipated date of such use. ‘‘(c) O
BJECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, not later than 5 days after the receipt of a notification submitted under subsection (a)(2), may object to the authorization of the use of methyl bromide under such subsection by a State, local, or Trib-al authority by sending the State, local, or Trib-al authority a notification in writing of such ob-jection that— ‘‘(A) states the reasons for such objection; and ‘‘(B) specifies any additional information that the Secretary would require to withdraw the ob-jection. ‘‘(2) R
EASONS FOR OBJECTION .—The Secretary may object to an authorization described in paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(A) the notification submitted under sub-section (a)(2) does not— ‘‘(i) contain all of the information specified in paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (b); or ‘‘(ii) demonstrate the existence of an emer-gency event; or ‘‘(B) the qualified use specified in the notifi-cation does not comply with the limitations specified in subsection (e). ‘‘(3) W
ITHDRAWAL OF OBJECTION .—The Sec- retary shall withdraw an objection under this subsection if— ‘‘(A) not later than 14 days after the date on which the Secretary sends the notification under paragraph (1) to the State, local, or Trib-al authority involved, the State, local, or Tribal authority submits to the Secretary the addi-tional information specified in such notification; and ‘‘(B) such additional information is submitted to the satisfaction of the Secretary. ‘‘(4) E
FFECT OF WITHDRAWAL .—Upon the issuance of a withdrawal under paragraph (3), the State, local, or Tribal authority involved may authorize the use of methyl bromide for the qualified use specified in the notification sub-mitted under subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(d) U
SE FOR EMERGENCY EVENTS CONSISTENT  W
ITH FIFRA.—The production, distribution, sale, shipment, application, or use of a pesticide product containing methyl bromide in accord-ance with an authorization for a use under sub-section (a) shall be deemed an authorized pro-duction, distribution, sale, shipment, applica-tion, or use of such product under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, re-gardless of whether the intended use is reg-istered and included in the label approved for the product by the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency under such Act. ‘‘(e) L
IMITATIONS ON USE.— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATIONS ON USE PER EMERGENCY  
EVENT .—The amount of methyl bromide that may be used per emergency event at a specific location shall not exceed 20 metric tons. ‘‘(2) LIMITS ON AGGREGATE AMOUNT .—The ag- gregate amount of methyl bromide allowed pur-suant to this section for use in the United States in a calendar year shall not exceed the total amount authorized by the Parties to the Mon-treal Protocol pursuant to the Montreal Pro-tocol process for critical uses in the United States in calendar year 2011. ‘‘(f) E
NSURING ADEQUATE SUPPLY OF METHYL  B
ROMIDE .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, it shall not be unlawful for any per-son or entity to produce or import methyl bro-mide, or otherwise supply methyl bromide from inventories (produced or imported pursuant to the Clean Air Act for other purposes) in re-sponse to an emergency event in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(g) E
XCLUSIVE AUTHORITY OF THE SEC-
RETARY .—Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to alter or modify the authority of the Secretary to use methyl bromide for quarantine and pre-shipment, without limitation, under the Clean Air Act. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .— ‘‘(1) E
MERGENCY EVENT .—The term ‘emergency event’ means a situation— ‘‘(A) that occurs at a location on which a plant or commodity is grown or produced or a facility providing for the storage of, or other services with respect to, a plant or commodity; ‘‘(B) for which the lack of availability of methyl bromide for a particular use would result in significant economic loss to the owner, lessee, or operator of such a location or facility or the owner, grower, or purchaser of such a plant or commodity; and ‘‘(C) that, in light of the specific agricultural, meteorological, or other conditions presented, requires the use of methyl bromide to control a pest or disease in such location or facility be-cause there are no technically or economically feasible alternatives to methyl bromide easily ac-cessible by an entity referred to in subparagraph (B) at the time and location of the event that— ‘‘(i) are registered under the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.) for the intended use or pest to be so controlled; and ‘‘(ii) would adequately control the pest or dis-ease presented at such location or facility. ‘‘(2) P
EST.—The term ‘pest’ has the meaning given such term in section 2 of the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136). ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED USE .—The term ‘qualified use’ means, with respect to methyl bromide, a methyl bromide treatment or application in an amount not to exceed the limitations specified in sub-section (e) in response to an emergency event.’’. PART IV—AMENDMENTS TO OTHER LAWS 
SEC. 9131. DEFINITION OF RETAIL FACILITIES. 
Not later than 180 days of the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall re-vise the process safety management of highly hazardous chemicals standard under section 1910.119 of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations, promulgated pursuant to section 6 of the Occu-pational Safety and Health Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 655), to provide that the definition of the term ‘‘retail facility’’, when used with respect to a facility that provides direct sales of highly hazardous chemicals to end users or consumers (including farmers or ranchers), means a facility that is exempt from such standard because such facility has obtained more than half of its in-come during the most recent 12-month period from such direct sales. Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 9201. REPORT ON REGULATION OF PLANT BIOSTIMULANTS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the President and Con-gress that identifies potential regulatory and legislative reforms to ensure the expeditious and appropriate review, approval, uniform national labeling, and availability of plant biostimulant products to agricultural producers. (b) CONSULTATION .—The Secretary of Agri-culture shall prepare the report required by sub-section (a) in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the several States, industry stakeholders, and such other stakeholders as the Secretary deter-mines necessary. (c) P
LANT BIOSTIMULANT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘plant biostimulant’’ means a substance or micro-organism that, when applied to seeds, plants, or the rhizosphere, stimulates natural processes to enhance or benefit nutrient uptake, nutrient efficiency, tolerance to abiotic stress, or crop quality and yield. 
SEC. 9202. PECAN MARKETING ORDERS. 
Section 8e(a) of the Agricultural Adjustment Act, reenacted with amendments by the Agricul-tural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 (7 U.S.C. 608e–1(a)), is amended in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘pecans,’’ after ‘‘walnuts,’’. 
SEC. 9203. REPORT ON HONEY AND MAPLE SYRUP. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agri-culture shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report examining the effect of the final rule entitled ‘‘Food Labeling: Revi-sion of the Nutrition and Supplement Facts La-bels’’, published in the Federal Register by the Department of Agriculture on May 27, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 33742), (providing for updates to the nutrition facts panel on the labeling of pack-aged food) has on consumer perception regard-ing the ‘‘added sugar’’ statement required to be included on such panel by such final rule with respect to packaged food in which no sugar is added during processing, including pure honey and maple syrup. TITLE X—CROP INSURANCE 
SEC. 10001. TREATMENT OF FORAGE AND GRAZ-ING. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF CATASTROPHIC RISKPRO-
TECTION FOR CROPS AND GRASSES USED FOR  G
RAZING .—Section 508(b)(1) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(b)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The’’; and (2) by striking subparagraph (B). (b) L
IMITATION ON MULTIPLE BENEFITS FOR  S
AME LOSS.—Section 508(n)(2) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(n)(2)) is amended by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘or to coverage described in section 508D’’. (c) C
OVERAGE FOR FORAGE AND GRAZING .— The Federal Crop Insurance Act is amended by inserting after section 508C (7 U.S.C. 1508C) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 508D. COVERAGE FOR FORAGE AND GRAZ-ING. 
‘‘Notwithstanding section 508A, and in addi-tion to any other available coverage, for crops that can be both grazed and mechanically har-vested on the same acres during the same grow-ing season, producers shall be allowed to pur-chase, and be independently indemnified on, separate policies for each intended use, as deter-mined by the Corporation.’’. 
SEC. 10002. ADMINISTRATIVE BASIC FEE. 
Section 508(b)(5)(A) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(b)(5)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$300’’ and inserting ‘‘$500’’. 
SEC. 10003. PREVENTION OF DUPLICATIVE COV-ERAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 508(c)(1) of the Fed-eral Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(c)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) I
NELIGIBLE CROPS AND ACRES .—Crops for which the producer has elected under section 1117 of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 to receive agriculture risk coverage and acres that are enrolled in the stacked income protec-tion plan under section 508B shall not be eligible for— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4117 May 16, 2018 
‘‘(i) coverage based on an area yield and loss basis under paragraph (3)(A)(ii); or ‘‘(ii) supplemental coverage under paragraph (4)(C).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 508(c)(4)(C) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(c)(4)(C)) is amended— (1) by striking clause (iv); and (2) by redesignating clause (v) as clause (iv). 
SEC. 10004. REPEAL OF UNUSED AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 508(d) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(d)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking paragraph (3); and (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 508(a)(9)(B) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(a)(9)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (2) by striking clause (ii); and (3) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (ii). 
SEC. 10005. CONTINUED AUTHORITY. 
Section 508(g) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) C
ONTINUED AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation shall es-tablish— ‘‘(i) underwriting rules that limit the decrease in the actual production history of a producer, at the election of the producer, to not more than 10 percent of the actual production history of the previous crop year provided that the produc-tion decline was the result of drought, flood, natural disaster, or other insurable loss (as de-termined by the Corporation); and ‘‘(ii) actuarially sound premiums to cover ad-ditional risk. ‘‘(B) O
THER AUTHORITY .—The authority pro-vided under subparagraph (A) is in addition to any other authority that adjusts the actual pro-duction history of the producer under this Act. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require a change in the carrying out of any provision of this Act as the Act was carried out for the 2018 reinsurance year.’’. 
SEC. 10006. PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 516(b)(2)(C)(i) of the Federal Crop In-surance Act (7 U.S.C. 1516(b)(2)(C)(i)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘$9,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000’’. 
SEC. 10007. MAINTENANCE OF POLICIES. 
(a) Section 522(b) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1522(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by amending subpara-graph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) R
EIMBURSEMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An applicant who submits a policy under section 508(h) shall be eligible for the reimbursement of reasonable and actual re-search and development costs directly related to the policy if the policy is approved by the Board for sale to producers. ‘‘(ii) R
EASONABLE COSTS .—For the purpose of reimbursing research and development and maintenance costs under this section, costs of the applicant shall be considered reasonable and actual costs if the costs are based on— ‘‘(I) wage rates equal to 2 times the hourly wage rate plus benefits, as provided by the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics for the year in which such costs are incurred, calculated using the formula applied to an applicant by the Corpora-tion in reviewing proposed project budgets under this section on October 1, 2016; or ‘‘(II) actual documented costs incurred by the applicant.’’; and (2) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘ap-proved insurance provider’’ and inserting ‘‘ap-plicant’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘determined by the approved insurance provider’’ and inserting ‘‘determined by the applicant’’; (ii) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following new clauses: ‘‘(ii) APPROVAL .—Subject to clause (iii), the Board shall approve the amount of a fee deter-mined under clause (i) unless the Board deter-mines, based on substantial evidence in the record, that the amount of the fee unnecessarily inhibits the use of the policy. ‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Board shall not disapprove a fee on the basis of— ‘‘(I) a comparison to maintenance fees paid with respect to the policy; or ‘‘(II) the potential for the fee to result in a fi-nancial gain or loss to the applicant based on the number of policies sold.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to reimbursement re-quests made on or after October 1, 2016. (2) R
ESUBMISSION OF DENIED REQUEST .—An applicant that was denied all or a portion of a reimbursement request under paragraph (1) of section 522(b) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1522(b)) during the period between Oc-tober 1, 2016 and the date of the enactment of this Act shall be given an opportunity to resub-mit such request. 
SEC. 10008. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRI-ORITIES. 
(a) R EPEAL OF CERTAIN RESEARCH AND DEVEL-
OPMENT ACTIVITIES .—Section 522(c) of the Fed-eral Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1522(c)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (7) through (18); (2) by striking paragraphs (20) through (23); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (19) and (24) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively. (b) W
HOLE FARM APPLICATION TO BEGINNING  F
ARMERS AND RANCHERS .—Paragraph (7) of sec-tion 522(c) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1522(c)), as redesignated by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) B
EGINNING FARMER OR RANCHER DE -
FINED .—Notwithstanding section 502(b)(3), with respect to plans described under this paragraph, the term ‘beginning farmer or rancher’ means a farmer or rancher who has not actively operated and managed a farm or ranch with a bona fide insurable interest in a crop or livestock as an owner-operator, landlord, tenant, or share-cropper for more than 10 crop years.’’. (c) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRIOR-
ITIES.—Section 522(c) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1522(c)) as amended by sub-section (a), is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(9) T
ROPICAL STORM OR HURRICANE INSUR -
ANCE.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation shall offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with qualified entities to carry out research and de-velopment regarding a policy to insure crops, in-cluding tomatoes, peppers, and citrus, against losses due to a tropical storm or hurricane. ‘‘(B) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—Research and development with respect to the policy re-quired under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) evaluate the effectiveness of a risk man-agement tool for a low frequency, catastrophic loss weather event; and ‘‘(ii) provide protection for production or rev-enue losses, or both. ‘‘(10) S
UBSURFACE IRRIGATION PRACTICES .— The Corporation shall offer to enter into a con-tract with a qualified entity to conduct research and development regarding the creation of a separate practice for subsurface irrigation, in-cluding the establishment of a separate transi-tional yield within the county that is reflective of the average gain in productivity and yield as-sociated with the installation of a subsurface ir-rigation system. ‘‘(11) S
TUDY AND REPORT ON GRAIN SORGHUM  
RATES AND YIELDS .— ‘‘(A) S
TUDY .—The Corporation shall contract with a qualified entity to conduct a study to as-sess the difference in rates, average yields, and coverage levels of grain sorghum policies as com-pared to other feed grains within a county. ‘‘(B) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Cor-poration shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report that describes the results of the study conducted under subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(12) Q
UALITY LOSSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation shall offer to enter into a contract with a qualified entity to conduct research and development re-garding the establishment of an alternative method of adjusting for quality losses that does not impact the average production history of producers. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Notwithstanding sub-sections (g) and (m) of section 508, if the Cor-poration uses any method developed as a result of the contract described in subparagraph (A) to adjust for quality losses, such method shall be— ‘‘(i) optional for producers to elect to use; and ‘‘(ii) offered at an actuarially sound premium rate.’’. 
SEC. 10009. EXTENSION OF FUNDING FOR RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 522 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1522) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d); (2) in subsection (e)(2)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘under subsections (c) and (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘under subsection (c)’’ ; and (B) by striking ‘‘not more than $12,500,000 for fiscal year 2008 and each subsequent fiscal year.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘not more than— ‘‘(i) $12,500,000 for fiscal year 2008 through 2018; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) $8,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’; and (3) by redesignating subsection (e), as so amended, as subsection (d). 
SEC. 10010. EDUCATION AND RISK MANAGEMENT ASSISTANCE. 
Section 524 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1524) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 524. EDUCATION AND RISK MANAGEMENT ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) E DUCATION ASSISTANCE .—Subject to the amounts made available under subsection (d), the Secretary, acting through the National In-stitute of Food and Agriculture, shall carry out the program established under subsection (b). ‘‘(b) P
ARTNERSHIPS FOR RISKMANAGEMENT  E
DUCATION .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary, acting through the National Institute of Food and Ag-riculture, shall establish a program under which competitive grants are made to qualified public and private entities (including land-grant col-leges, cooperative extension services, and col-leges or universities), as determined by the Sec-retary, for the purpose of educating agricultural producers about the full range of risk manage-ment activities, including futures, options, agri-cultural trade options, crop insurance, cash for-ward contracting, debt reduction, production di-versification, farm resources risk reduction, farm financial benchmarking, and other risk management strategies. ‘‘(2) B
ASIS FOR GRANTS .—A grant under this subsection shall be awarded on the basis of merit and shall be subject to peer or merit re-view. ‘‘(3) O
BLIGATION PERIOD .—Funds for a grant under this subsection shall be available to the Secretary for obligation for a 2-year period. ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The Secretary may use not more than 4 percent of the funds made available for grants under this subsection for administrative costs incurred by the Sec-retary in carrying out this subsection. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the pro-gram established under subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall place special emphasis on risk man-agement strategies (including farm financial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4118 May 16, 2018 
benchmarking), education, and outreach specifi-cally targeted at— ‘‘(1) beginning farmers or ranchers; ‘‘(2) legal immigrant farmers or ranchers that are attempting to become established producers in the United States; ‘‘(3) socially disadvantaged farmers or ranch-ers; and ‘‘(4) farmers or ranchers that— ‘‘(A) are preparing to retire; ‘‘(B) are using transition strategies to help new farmers or ranchers get started; and ‘‘(C) new or established farmers or ranchers that are converting production and marketing systems to pursue new markets. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .—From the insurance fund es-tablished under section 516(c), there is trans-ferred for the partnerships for risk management education program established under subsection (b) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 and each sub-sequent fiscal year.’’. TITLE XI—MISCELLANEOUS Subtitle A—Livestock 
SEC. 11101. ANIMAL DISEASE PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE. 
(a) N ATIONAL ANIMAL DISEASE PREPAREDNESS  
AND RESPONSE PROGRAM .—The Animal Health Protection Act is amended by inserting after sec-tion 10409A (7 U.S.C. 8308A) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 10409B. NATIONAL ANIMAL DISEASE PRE-PAREDNESS AND RESPONSE PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘National Animal Disease Preparedness and Re-sponse Program’, to address the increasing risk of the introduction and spread of animal pests and diseases affecting the economic interests of the livestock and related industries of the United States, including the maintenance and expansion of export markets. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To carry out the Na-tional Animal Disease Preparedness and Re-sponse Program, the Secretary shall offer to enter into cooperative agreements, or other legal instruments, with eligible entities, to be selected by the Secretary, which may include any of the following entities, either individually or in com-bination: ‘‘(1) A State department of agriculture. ‘‘(2) The office of the chief animal health offi-cial of a State. ‘‘(3) A land-grant college or university or NLGCA Institution (as those terms are defined in section 1404 of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)). ‘‘(4) A college of veterinary medicine, includ-ing a veterinary emergency team at such college. ‘‘(5) A State or national livestock producer or-ganization with direct and significant economic interest in livestock production. ‘‘(6) A State emergency agency. ‘‘(7) A State, national, allied, or regional vet-erinary organization or specialty board recog-nized by the American Veterinary Medical Asso-ciation. ‘‘(8) An Indian Tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). ‘‘(9) A Federal agency. ‘‘(c) A
CTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) P
ROGRAM ACTIVITIES .—Activities under the National Animal Disease Preparedness and Response Program shall include, to the extent practicable, the following: ‘‘(A) Enhancing animal pest and disease anal-ysis and surveillance. ‘‘(B) Expanding outreach and education. ‘‘(C) Targeting domestic inspection activities at vulnerable points in the safeguarding con-tinuum. ‘‘(D) Enhancing and strengthening threat identification and technology. ‘‘(E) Improving biosecurity. ‘‘(F) Enhancing emergency preparedness and response capabilities, including training addi-tional emergency response personnel. ‘‘(G) Conducting technology development and enhancing electronic sharing of animal health data for risk analysis between State and Federal animal health officials. ‘‘(H) Enhancing the development and effec-tiveness of animal health technologies to treat and prevent animal disease, including— ‘‘(i) veterinary biologics and diagnostics; ‘‘(ii) animal drugs for minor use and minor species; and ‘‘(iii) animal medical devices. ‘‘(I) Such other activities as determined ap-propriate by the Secretary, in consultation with eligible entities specified in subsection (b). ‘‘(2) PRIORITIES .—In entering into cooperative agreements or other legal instruments under subsection (b), the Secretary shall give priority to applications submitted by— ‘‘(A) a State department of agriculture or an office of the chief animal health official of a State; or ‘‘(B) an eligible entity that will carry out pro-gram activities in a State or region— ‘‘(i) in which an animal pest or disease is a Federal concern; or ‘‘(ii) which the Secretary determines has po-tential for the spread of an animal pest or dis-ease after taking into consideration— ‘‘(I) the agricultural industries in the State or region; ‘‘(II) factors contributing to animal disease or pest in the State or region, such as the climate, natural resources, and geography of, and native and exotic wildlife species and other disease vec-tors in, the State or region; and ‘‘(III) the movement of animals in the State or region. ‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—For purposes of setting priorities under this subsection, the Secretary shall consult with eligible entities specified in subsection (b). The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to consulta-tion carried out under this paragraph. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity specified in subsection (b) seeking to enter into a coopera-tive agreement, or other legal instrument, under the National Animal Disease Preparedness and Response Program shall submit to the Secretary an application containing such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall no-tify each applicant of— ‘‘(A) the requirements to be imposed on the re-cipient of funds under the Program for auditing of, and reporting on, the use of such funds; and ‘‘(B) the criteria to be used to ensure activities supported using such funds are based on sound scientific data or thorough risk assessments. ‘‘(3) N
ON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTIONS .—When de- ciding whether to enter into an agreement or other legal instrument under the Program with an eligible entity described in subsection (b), the Secretary— ‘‘(A) may take into consideration an eligible entity’s ability to contribute non-Federal funds to carry out such a cooperative agreement or other legal instrument under the Program; and ‘‘(B) shall not require such an entity to make such a contribution. ‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS.— ‘‘(1) U
SE CONSISTENT WITH TERMS OF COOPERA -
TIVE AGREEMENT .—The recipient of funds under the National Animal Disease Preparedness and Response Program shall use the funds for the purposes and in the manner provided in the co-operative agreement, or other legal instrument, under which the funds are provided. ‘‘(2) S
UB-AGREEMENT .—Nothing in this section prevents an eligible entity from using funds re-ceived under the Program to enter into sub- agreements with political subdivisions of State that have legal responsibilities relating to ani-mal disease prevention, surveillance, or rapid response. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of completion of an activity conducted using funds provided under the National Animal Disease Preparedness and Response Program, the recipient of such funds shall submit to the Secretary a report that de-scribes the purposes and results of the activi-ties.’’. (b) NATIONAL ANIMAL HEALTH VACCINE  B
ANK.—The Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8301 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 10409B, as added by subsection (a), the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 10409C. NATIONAL ANIMAL HEALTH VAC-CINE BANK. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a national vaccine bank (to be known as the ‘National Animal Health Vaccine Bank’) for the benefit of the domestic interests of the United States and to help protect the United States agriculture and food system against ter-rorist attack, major disaster, and other emer-gencies. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS OF VACCINE BANK.—Through the National Animal Health Vaccine Bank, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) maintain sufficient quantities of animal vaccine, antiviral, therapeutic, or diagnostic products to appropriately and rapidly respond to an outbreak of those animal diseases that would have the most damaging effect on human health or the United States economy; and ‘‘(2) leverage, when appropriate, the mecha-nisms and infrastructure that have been devel-oped for the management, storage, and distribu-tion of the National Veterinary Stockpile of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service. ‘‘(c) P
RIORITY FOR RESPONSE TO FOOT AND  M
OUTH DISEASE .—The Secretary shall prioritize the acquisition of sufficient quantities of foot and mouth disease vaccine, and accompanying diagnostic products, for the National Animal Health Vaccine Bank. As part of such prioritization, the Secretary shall consider con-tracting with one or more entities that are capa-ble of producing foot and mouth disease vaccine and that have surge production capacity of the vaccine.’’. (c) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 10417 of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8316) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR SPECIFIED  P
URPOSES .— ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall make available for fiscal year 2019 $250,000,000 to carry out sections 10409A, 10409B, and 10409C, of which— ‘‘(i) $30,000,000 shall be made available to carry out the National Animal Health Labora-tory Network under section 10409A; ‘‘(ii) $70,000,000 shall be made available to carry out the National Animal Disease Pre-paredness and Response Program under section 10409B; and ‘‘(iii) $150,000,000 shall be made available to establish and maintain the National Animal Health Vaccine Bank under section 10409C. ‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall make available to carry out sec-tions 10409A, 10409B, and 10409C, $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2023, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made available for each of those fiscal years to carry out the National Animal Disease Preparedness and Re-sponse Program under section 10409B. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF APPRO -
PRIATIONS .—In addition to the funds made available under subparagraphs (A)(i) and (B) of paragraph (1) and funds authorized to be ap-propriated by subsection (a), there are author-ized to be appropriated $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to carry out the National Animal Health Laboratory Network under section 10409A. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Of the funds made available under subparagraphs (A)(i), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4119 May 16, 2018 
(A)(ii), and (B) and subparagraph (B) of para-graph (1), not more than four percent may be re-tained by the Secretary to pay administrative costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the National Animal Health Laboratory Network under section 10409A and the National Animal Disease Preparedness and Response Program under section 10409B. Of the funds made avail-able under subparagraphs (A)(ii) and (B) to carry out the National Animal Disease Pre-paredness and Response Program under section 10409B and (B) of such paragraph, not more than ten percent may be retained by an eligible entity to pay administrative costs incurred by the eligible entity to carry out such program. ‘‘(4) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Funds made available under this subsection, including any proceeds credited under paragraph (5), shall remain available until expended. ‘‘(5) P
ROCEEDS FROM VACCINE SALES .—Any proceeds of a sale of vaccine or antigen from the National Animal Health Vaccine Bank shall be— ‘‘(A) deposited into the Treasury of the United States; and ‘‘(B) credited to the account for the operation of the National Animal Health Vaccine Bank. ‘‘(6) L
IMITATIONS ON USE OF FUNDS FOR CER -
TAIN PURPOSES .—Funds made available under the National Animal Health Laboratory Net-work, the National Animal Disease Prepared-ness and Response Program, and the National Animal Health Vaccine Bank shall not be used for the construction of a new building or facility or the acquisition or expansion of an existing building or facility, including site grading and improvement and architect fees.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 10417 of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8316) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 10417. FUNDING.’’. 
(B) O THER AMENDMENTS .—Section 10417 of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8316) is further amended— (i) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘I
NGEN-
ERAL’’ and inserting ‘‘G ENERAL AUTHORIZATION  
OFAPPROPRIATIONS ’’; and (ii) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘to carry out this subtitle’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in subsection (a)’’. (3) R
EPEAL OF SEPARATE AUTHORIZATION OF  
NATIONAL ANIMAL HEALTH LABORATORY NET -
WORK .—Section 10409A of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8308A(d)) is amended by striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 11102. NATIONAL AQUATIC ANIMAL HEALTH PLAN. 
Section 11013(d) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8322(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 11103. VETERINARY TRAINING. 
Section 10504 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8318) is amend-ed— (1) by inserting ‘‘and veterinary teams, in-cluding those based at colleges of veterinary medicine,’’ after ‘‘veterinarians’’; and (2) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and who are capable of pro-viding effective services before, during, and after emergencies’’. 
SEC. 11104. REPORT ON FSIS GUIDANCE AND OUT-REACH TO SMALL MEAT PROC-ESSORS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Agriculture shall submit to the Secretary a report on the effectiveness of ex-isting Food Safety and Inspection Service guid-ance materials and other tools used by small and very small establishments, as defined by regulations issued by the Food Safety and In-spection Service, as in effect on such date of en-actment, including— (1) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the outreach conducted by the Food Safety and In-spection Service to small and very small estab-lishments; (2) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the guidance materials and other tools used by the Food Safety and Inspection Service to assist small and very small establishments; (3) an evaluation of the responsiveness of Food Safety and Inspection Service personnel to inquiries and issues from small and very small establishments; and (4) recommendations on measures the Food Safety and Inspection Service should take to im-prove regulatory clarity and consistency and ensure all guidance materials and other tools take into account small and very small estab-lishments. Subtitle B—Beginning, Socially Disadvantaged, and Veteran Producers SEC. 11201. OUTREACH AND ASSISTANCE FOR SO-CIALLY DISADVANTAGED FARMERS AND RANCHERS AND VETERAN FARMERS AND RANCHERS. 
Section 2501(a)(4) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
2018’’ and in- serting ‘‘
2023’’; and (B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as sub-paragraph (F); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) P
RIORITY .—In making grants and enter-ing into contracts and other agreements under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to projects that— ‘‘(i) deliver agricultural education to youth under the age of 18 in underserved and under-represented communities; ‘‘(ii) provide youth under the age of 18 with agricultural employment or volunteer opportuni-ties, or both; and ‘‘(iii) demonstrate experience in providing such education or opportunities to socially dis-advantaged youth.’’; and (4) in subparagraph (F), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 11202. OFFICE OF PARTNERSHIPS AND PUB-LIC ENGAGEMENT. 
(a) C HANGING NAME OF OFFICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 226B of the Depart-ment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6934) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ advo- cacy and outreach’’ and inserting ‘‘partner- ships and public engagement’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Advocacy and Outreach’’ each place it appears in subsections (a)(2), (b)(1), and (d)(4)(B) and inserting ‘‘Partner-ships and Public Engagement’’; (2) R
EFERENCES .—Beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, any reference to the Office of Advocacy and Outreach established under section 226B of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6934) in any other provision of Federal law shall be deemed to be a reference to the Office of Partnerships and Public Engagement. (b) I
NCREASING OUTREACH .—Section 226B of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6934), as amended by sub-section (a), is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(iv) limited resource producers; ‘‘(v) veteran farmers and ranchers; and ‘‘(vi) Tribal farmers and ranchers; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) to promote youth outreach.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘veteran farmers and ranchers, Tribal farmers and ranchers,’’ after ‘‘beginning farm-ers or ranchers,’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or socially disadvantaged’’ and inserting ‘‘socially dis-advantaged, veteran, or Tribal’’; and (C) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘veteran farmers or ranchers, Tribal farmers or ranch-ers,’’ after ‘‘beginning farmers or ranchers,’’. (c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 226B(f)(3)(B) of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6934(f)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (d) O
FFICE OF TRIBAL RELATIONS .—Section 309 of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform and Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6921) is amended by striking ‘‘of the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘of Partner-ships and Public Engagement established under section 226B’’. 
SEC. 11203. COMMISSION ON FARM TRANSI-TIONS—NEEDS FOR 2050. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a commission to be known as the ‘‘Commission on Farm Transitions–Needs for 2050’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’). (b) S
TUDY .—The Commission shall conduct a study on issues impacting the transition of agri-cultural operations from established farmers and ranchers to the next generation of farmers and ranchers, including— (1) access to, and availability of— (A) quality land and necessary infrastructure; (B) affordable credit; and (C) adequate risk management tools; (2) agricultural asset transfer strategies in use as of the date of the enactment of this Act and improvements to such strategies; (3) incentives that may facilitate agricultural asset transfers to the next generation of farmers and ranchers, including recommendations for new Federal tax policies to facilitate lifetime and estate transfers; (4) the causes of the failures of such transi-tions, if any; and (5) the status of programs and incentives pro-viding assistance with respect to such transi-tions in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and opportunities for the revision or modernization of such programs. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of 10 members as follows: (A) 3 members appointed by the Secretary. (B) 3 members appointed by the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate. (C) 3 members appointed by the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives. (D) The Chief Economist of the Department of Agriculture. (2) F
EDERAL GOVERNMENT EMPLOYMENT .—In addition to the Chief Economist of the Depart-ment of Agriculture, the membership of the Com-mission may include 1 or more employees of the Department of Agriculture or other Federal agencies. (3) D
ATE OF APPOINTMENTS .—The appoint-ment of a member of the Commission shall be made not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. (4) T
ERM; VACANCIES .— (A) T
ERM.—A member shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. (B) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Commis-sion— (i) shall not affect the powers of the Commis-sion; and (ii) shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment was made. (5) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Com-mission have been appointed, the Commission shall hold the initial meeting of the Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4120 May 16, 2018 
(d) Q UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. (e) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Secretary shall ap-point 1 of the members of the Commission to serve as Chairperson of the Commission. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the President, the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report containing the results of the study required by subsection (b), including such recommendations as the Commission considers appropriate. (g) H
EARINGS .—The Commission may hold such hearings, meet and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out this section. (h) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— The Commission may secure directly from a Fed-eral agency such information as the Commission considers necessary to carry out this section. On request of the Chairperson of the Commission, the head of the agency shall provide the infor-mation to the Commission. (i) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission may use the United States mail in the same manner and under the same conditions as other agencies of the Federal Government. (j) A
SSISTANCE FROM SECRETARY .—The Sec- retary may provide to the Commission appro-priate office space and such reasonable adminis-trative and support services as the Commission may request. (k) C
OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— (1) N
ON-FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .—A member of the Commission who is not an officer or em-ployee of the Federal Government shall be com-pensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Commission. (2) F
EDERAL EMPLOYEES .—A member of the Commission who is an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall serve without com-pensation in addition to the compensation re-ceived for the services of the member as an offi-cer or employee of the Federal Government. (3) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the Com-mission shall be allowed travel expenses, includ-ing per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates au-thorized for an employee of an agency under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the home or reg-ular place of business of the member in the per-formance of the duties of the Commission. (l) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Commission or any pro-ceeding of the Commission. 
SEC. 11204. AGRICULTURAL YOUTH ORGANIZA-TION COORDINATOR. 
Subtitle A of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 is amended by insert-ing after section 220 (7 U.S.C. 6920) the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 221. AGRICULTURAL YOUTH ORGANIZATION COORDINATOR. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary shall es-tablish in the Department the position of Agri-cultural Youth Organization Coordinator. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Agricultural Youth Orga-nization Coordinator shall— ‘‘(1) promote the role of youth-serving organi-zations and school-based agricultural education in motivating and preparing young people to pursue careers in the agriculture, food, and nat-ural resources systems; ‘‘(2) work to help build awareness of the reach and importance of agriculture, across a diversity of fields and disciplines; ‘‘(3) identify short-term and long-term inter-ests of the Department and provide opportuni-ties, resources, input, and coordination with programs and agencies of the Department to youth-serving organizations and school-based agricultural education, including the develop-ment of internship opportunities; ‘‘(4) share, internally and externally, the ex-tent to which active steps are being taken to en-courage collaboration with, and support of, youth-serving organizations and school-based agricultural education; ‘‘(5) provide information to young farmers concerning the availability of, and eligibility re-quirements for, participation in agricultural programs, with particular emphasis on begin-ning farmer and rancher programs; ‘‘(6) serve as a resource for assisting young farmers in applying for participation in agricul-tural programs; and ‘‘(7) advocate on behalf of young farmers in interactions with employees of the Department. ‘‘(c) CONTRACTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREE-
MENTS .—For purposes of carrying out the duties under subsection (b), the Agricultural Youth Organization Coordinator shall consult with the cooperative extension and the land-grant uni-versity systems, and may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements with the research cen-ters of the Agricultural Research Service, coop-erative extension and the land-grant university systems, non-land-grant colleges of agriculture, or nonprofit organizations for— ‘‘(1) the conduct of regional research on the profitability of small farms; ‘‘(2) the development of educational materials; ‘‘(3) the conduct of workshops, courses, and certified vocational training; ‘‘(4) the conduct of mentoring activities; or ‘‘(5) the provision of internship opportuni-ties.’’. Subtitle C—Textiles 
SEC. 11301. REPEAL OF PIMA AGRICULTURE COT-TON TRUST FUND. 
Effective December 31, 2018, the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 2101 note; Public Law 113– 79) is amended by striking section 12314 (and by conforming the items relating to such section in the table of sections accordingly). 
SEC. 11302. REPEAL OF AGRICULTURE WOOL AP-PAREL MANUFACTURERS TRUST FUND. 
Effective December 31, 2018, the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 2101 note; Public Law 113– 79) is amended by striking section 12315 (and by conforming the items relating to such section in the table of sections accordingly). 
SEC. 11303. REPEAL OF WOOL RESEARCH AND PROMOTION GRANTS FUNDING. 
Effective December 31, 2018, the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 2101 note; Public Law 113– 79) is amended by striking section 12316 (and by conforming the items relating to such section in the table of sections accordingly). 
SEC. 11304. TEXTILE TRUST FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund, to be known as the ‘‘Textile Trust Fund’’, con-sisting of such amounts as may be transferred to the Textile Trust Fund pursuant to subsection (e), and to be used for the purposes of— (1) reducing the injury to domestic manufac-turers resulting from tariffs on cotton fabric that are higher than tariffs on certain apparel articles made of cotton fabric; (2) reducing the injury to domestic manufac-turers resulting from tariffs on wool products that are higher than tariffs on certain apparel articles made of wool products; and (3) wool research and promotion. (b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS.—From amounts in the Textile Trust Fund, the Secretary shall make payments annually, beginning in calendar year 2019, for each of calendar years 2019 through 2023 as follows: (1) P
IMA COTTON .—From amounts specified in subsection (e)(2)(A), the Secretary shall make payments as follows: (A) Twenty-five percent of such amounts for a calendar year shall be paid to one or more na-tionally recognized associations established for the promotion of pima cotton for use in textile and apparel goods. (B) Twenty-five percent of such amounts for a calendar year shall be paid to yarn spinners of pima cotton that produce ring spun cotton yarns in the United States, to be allocated to each spinner in an amount that bears the same ratio as— (i) the spinner’s production of ring spun cot-ton yarns, measuring less than 83.33 decitex (ex-ceeding 120 metric number) from pima cotton in single and plied form during the previous cal-endar year (as evidenced by an affidavit pro-vided by the spinner that meets the requirements of subsection (c)(1)); bears to (ii) the production of the yarns described in clause (i) during the previous calendar year for all spinners who qualify under this subpara-graph. (C) Fifty percent of such amounts for a cal-endar year shall be paid to manufacturers who cut and sew cotton shirts in the United States who certify that they used imported cotton fab-ric during the previous calendar year, to be allo-cated to each such manufacturer in an amount that bears the same ratio as— (i) the dollar value (excluding duty, shipping, and related costs) of imported woven cotton shirting fabric of 80s or higher count and 2-ply in warp purchased by the manufacturer during the previous calendar year (as evidenced by an affidavit provided by the manufacturer that meets the requirements of subsection (c)(2)) used in the manufacturing of men’s and boys’ cotton shirts; bears to (ii) the dollar value (excluding duty, shipping, and related costs) of the fabric described in clause (i) purchased during the previous cal-endar year by all manufacturers who qualify under this subparagraph. (2) WOOL MANUFACTURERS .—From amounts specified in subsection (e)(2)(B), the Secretary shall make payments as follows: (A) To each eligible manufacturer under para-graph (3) of section 4002(c) of the Wool Suit and Textile Trade Extension Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–429; 118 Stat. 2600), as amended by section 1633(c) of the Miscellaneous Trade and Tech-nical Corrections Act of 2006 (Public Law 109– 280; 120 Stat. 1166) and section 325(b) of the Tax Extenders and Alternative Minimum Tax Relief Act of 2008 (division C of Public Law 110–343; 122 Stat. 3875), and any successor-in-interest to such a manufacturer as provided for under paragraph (4) of such section 4002(c), that sub-mits an affidavit in accordance with subsection (c)(3) for the year of the payment for calendar years 2019 through 2023, payments in amounts authorized under that paragraph. (B) To each eligible manufacturer under para-graph (6) of such section 4002(c) for calendar years 2019 through 2023, payments in amounts authorized under that paragraph. (c) A
FFIDAVITS .— (1) Y
ARN SPINNERS .—The affidavit required by subsection (b)(1)(B)(i) for a calendar year is a notarized affidavit provided by an officer of a producer of ring spun yarns that affirms— (A) that the producer used pima cotton during the year in which the affidavit is filed and dur-ing the previous calendar year to produce ring spun cotton yarns in the United States, meas-uring less than 83.33 decitex (exceeding 120 met-ric number), in single and plied form; (B) the quantity, measured in pounds, of ring spun cotton yarns, measuring less than 83.33 decitex (exceeding 120 metric number), in single and plied form during the previous calendar year; and (C) that the producer maintains supporting documentation showing the quantity of such yarns produced, and evidencing the yarns as ring spun cotton yarns, measuring less than 83.33 decitex (exceeding 120 metric number), in single and plied form during the previous cal-endar year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4121 May 16, 2018 
(2) S HIRTING MANUFACTURERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The affidavit required by subsection (b)(1)(C)(i) for a calendar year is a notarized affidavit provided by an officer of a manufacturer of men’s and boys’ shirts that af-firms— (i) that the manufacturer used imported cot-ton fabric during the year in which the affidavit is filed and during the previous calendar year, to cut and sew men’s and boys’ woven cotton shirts in the United States; (ii) the dollar value of imported woven cotton shirting fabric of 80s or higher count and 2-ply in warp purchased by the manufacturer during the previous calendar year; (iii) that the manufacturer maintains invoices along with other supporting documentation (such as price lists and other technical descrip-tions of the fabric qualities) showing the dollar value of such fabric purchased, the date of pur-chase, and evidencing the fabric as woven cot-ton fabric of 80s or higher count and 2-ply in warp; and (iv) that the fabric was suitable for use in the manufacturing of men’s and boys’ cotton shirts. (B) D
ATE OF PURCHASE .—For purposes of the affidavit under subparagraph (A), the date of purchase shall be the invoice date, and the dol-lar value shall be determined excluding duty, shipping, and related costs. (3) F
ILING DATE FOR AFFIDAVITS .—Any person required to provide an affidavit under this sec-tion shall file the affidavit with the Secretary or as directed by the Secretary for any of calendar years 2019 through 2023, not later than March 15 of that calendar year. (4) I
NCREASE IN PAYMENTS TO WOOL MANUFAC -
TURERS IN CASE OF EXPIRATION OF DUTY SUSPEN -
SIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In any calendar year in which the suspension of duty on wool products described in subparagraphs (B) and (C) is not in effect, the amount of any payment described in subsection (b)(2) to a manufacturer or successor- in-interest shall be increased by an amount the Secretary, after consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, determines is equal to the amount the manufacturer or successor-in-interest would have saved during the calendar year of the pay-ment if the suspension of duty on such wool products were in effect. (B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN FABRICS OF  
WORSTED WOOL .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to fabrics of worsted wool described in clause (ii), subpara-graph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘rate of duty on such wool products was 10 percent’’ for ‘‘suspension of duty on such wool products were in effect’’. (ii) F
ABRICS OF WORSTED WOOL DESCRIBED .— Fabrics of worsted wool described in this para-graph are fabrics of worsted wool— (I) with average fiber diameters greater than 18.5 micron; and (II) containing 85 percent or more by weight of wool. (C) C
OVERED WOOL PRODUCTS .—Subparagraph (A) applies with respect to the following: (i) Yarn, of combed wool, not put up for retail sale, containing 85 percent or more by weight of wool, formed with wool fibers having average diameters of 18.5 micron or less. (ii) Wool fiber, waste, garnetted stock, combed wool, or wool top, the foregoing having average fiber diameters of 18.5 micron or less. (iii) Fabrics of combed wool, containing 85 percent or more by weight of wool, with wool yarns of average fiber diameters of 18.5 micron or less, certified by the importer as suitable for use in making men’s and boys suits, suit-type jackets, or trousers and must be imported for the benefit of persons who cut and sew such cloth-ing in the United States. (iv) Fabrics of combed wool, containing 85 percent or more by weight of wool, with wool yarns of average fiber diameters of 18.5 micron or less, certified by the importer as suitable for use in making men’s and boys suits, suit-type jackets, or trousers and must be imported for the benefit of persons who weave worsted wool fab-ric suitable for use in such clothing in the United States. (D) NO APPEAL OF DETERMINATIONS .—A deter- mination of the Secretary under this paragraph shall be final and not subject to appeal or pro-test. (d) T
IMING FOR DISTRIBUTIONS .—The Sec- retary shall make a payment under subsection (b) for each of calendar years 2019 through 2023, not later than April 15 of the year of the pay-ment. (e) F
UNDING .— (1) T
RANSFER REQUIRED .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall transfer to the Textile Trust Fund $25,250,000 for each of calendar years 2019 through 2023. (2) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .—Of the funds transferred under paragraph (1) for a calendar year— (A) $8,000,000 shall be available for distribu-tion under subsection (b)(1); (B) $15,000,000 shall be available for distribu-tion under subsection (b)(2); and (C) notwithstanding subsection (f) of section 506 of the Trade and Development Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 7101 note; Public Law 106–200), $2,250,000 shall be available to provide grants described in subsection (d) of such section. (3) S
HEEP PRODUCTION AND MARKETING .—In addition to funds made available under para-graph (1), of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out section 209 of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1627a), $2,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, to remain available until expended. (4) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts transferred to the Textile Trust Fund pursuant to this subsection shall remain available until expended. Subtitle D—United States Grain Standards Act 
SEC. 11401. RESTORING CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS TO UNITED STATES GRAIN STANDARDS ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Grain handling facilities de-scribed in subsection (b) may, on or before the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, restore a prior exception with an official agency designated under the rule en-titled ‘‘Exceptions to Geographic Areas for Offi-cial Agencies Under the USGSA’’ published by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on April 18, 2003 (68 Fed. Reg. 19137) if— (1) such grain handling facility and official agency agree to restore such prior exception; and (2) such grain handling facility notifies the Secretary of Agriculture of— (A) the exception described in paragraph (1); and (B) the effective date of such exception. (b) E
LIGIBLE GRAIN HANDLING FACILITIES .— Subsection (a) shall apply with respect to grain handling facilities that were— (1) granted exceptions pursuant to the rule specified in subsection (a); and (2) had such exceptions revoked on or after September 30, 2015. (c) N
OUNILATERAL TERMINATION ALLOWED .— Beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, a nonuse of service exception may only be terminated if two or more parties to such excep-tion, including the grain handling facility, are in joint agreement with respect to such termi-nation. Subtitle E—Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program 
SEC. 11501. ELIGIBLE CROPS. 
Section 196(a)(2) of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333(a)(2)) is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), in this section, the term ‘eligible crop’ means each commercial crop or other agricul-tural commodity that is produced for food or fiber (except livestock) for which catastrophic risk protection under subsection (b) of section 508 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508) and additional coverage under subsections (c) and (h) of such section are not available or, if such coverage is available, it is only available under a policy that provides coverage for spe-cific intervals based on weather indexes or under a whole farm plan of insurance.’’. 
SEC. 11502. SERVICE FEE. 
Section 196(k)(1) of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333(k)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$250’’ and inserting ‘‘$350’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘$750’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,050’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘$1,875’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,100’’. 
SEC. 11503. PAYMENTS EQUIVALENT TO ADDI-TIONAL COVERAGE. 
(a) P REMIUMS .—Section 196(l)(2)(B)(i) of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333(l)(2)(B)(i)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subclause (IV); (2) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subclause (V) and inserting ‘‘and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(VI) the producer’s share of the crop; or’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL AVAILABILITY OF COVERAGE .— Section 196(l) of the Federal Agriculture Im-provement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333(l)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (3); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively. (c) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Paragraph (4) of section 196(l) of the Federal Agriculture Im-provement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333(l)), as redesignated by subsection (b)(2), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in para-graph (3)(A), additional’’ and inserting ‘‘Addi-tional’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 11601. UNDER SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR FARM PRODUCTION AND CON-SERVATION. 
(a) R EFERENCES TO FORMER UNDER SEC-
RETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR FARM AND FOR-
EIGN AGRICULTURAL SERVICES .— (1) F
OOD AID CONSULTATIVE GROUP .—Section 205(b) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1725(b)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) the Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs;’’. (2) O
FFICE OF RISK MANAGEMENT .—Section 226A(d)(1) of the Department of Agriculture Re-organization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6933(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Agri-culture for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Serv-ices’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Agri-culture for Farm Production and Conserva-tion’’. (3) M
ULTIAGENCY TASK FORCE .—Section 242(b)(3) of the Department of Agriculture Reor-ganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6952(b)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs’’. (4) I
NTERAGENCY COMMITTEE ON MINORITY CA -
REERS IN INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS .—Section 625(c)(1)(A) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1131c(c)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agri-cultural Services’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Sec-retary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Ag-ricultural Affairs’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4122 May 16, 2018 
(b) R EFERENCES TO OTHER DESIGNATED DE-
PARTMENT OFFICIALS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS UNDER CONSOLIDATED FARM  
AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT ACT .—Section 343(a)(13)(D) of the Agricultural Act of 1961 (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(D)) is amended— (A) in clause (ii)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(or other official designated by the Secretary)’’ after ‘‘Under Secretary for Rural Development’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or designated official’’ after ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each other place it appears; and (B) in clause (iii)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(or other official designated by the Secretary)’’ after ‘‘Under Secretary for Rural Development’’; and (ii) in subclauses (III) and (IV), by inserting ‘‘or designated official’’ after ‘‘Under Sec-retary’’ both places it appears. (2) N
ATIONAL SHEEP INDUSTRY IMPROVEMENT  
CENTER .—Section 210(f)(3)(B)(i) of the Agricul-tural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1627b(f)(3)(B)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(or other official designated by the Secretary of Ag-riculture)’’ after ‘‘Under Secretary of Agri-culture for Rural Development’’. (3) I
NTERTRIBAL TOURISM DEMONSTRATION  
PROJECTS .—Section 6(a)(2)(A) of the Native American Business Development, Trade Pro-motion, and Tourism Act of 2000 (25 U.S.C. 4305(a)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(or other official designated by the Secretary of Agri-culture)’’ after ‘‘Under Secretary of Agriculture for Rural Development’’. (4) S
TATE PLANS FOR VOCATIONAL REHABILITA -
TION SERVICES .—Section 101(a)(11)(C) of the Re-habilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 721(a)(11)(C)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(or other official des-ignated by the Secretary of Agriculture)’’ after ‘‘Under Secretary for Rural Development of the Department of Agriculture’’. 
SEC. 11602. AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN PROGRAMS UNDER DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RE-ORGANIZATION ACT OF 1994. 
Section 296(b)(8) of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 7014(b)(8)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, section 772 of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018, or the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 11603. CONFERENCE REPORT REQUIREMENT THRESHOLD. 
Section 14208(a)(3)(A) of the Food, Conserva-tion, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2255b(a)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$75,000’’. 
SEC. 11604. NATIONAL AGRICULTURE IMAGERY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture, acting through the Administrator of the Farm Service Agency, shall carry out a national agriculture imagery program to annually ac-quire aerial imagery during agricultural grow-ing seasons from the continental United States. (b) D
ATA.—The aerial imagery acquired under this section shall— (1) consist of high resolution processed digital imagery; (2) be made available in a format that can be provided to Federal, State, and private sector entities; (3) be technologically compatible with geospatial information technology; and (4) be consistent with the standards estab-lished by the Federal Geographic Data Com-mittee. (c) S
UPPLEMENTAL SATELLITE IMAGERY .—The Secretary of Agriculture may supplement the aerial imagery collected under this section with satellite imagery. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $23,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter. SEC. 11605. REPORT ON INCLUSION OF NATURAL STONE PRODUCTS IN COMMODITY PROMOTION, RESEARCH, AND IN-FORMATION ACT OF 1996. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agri-culture shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives a report examining the effect the establishment of a Nat-ural Stone Research and Promotion Board pur-suant to the Commodity Promotion, Research, and Information Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) would have on the natural stone industry, including how such a program would effect— (1) research conducted on, and the promotion of, natural stone; (2) the development and expansion of domestic markets for natural stone; (3) economic activity of the natural stone in-dustry subject to such a Board; (4) economic development in rural areas; and (5) benefits to consumers in the United States of natural stone products. 
SEC. 11606. SOUTH CAROLINA INCLUSION IN VIR-GINIA/CAROLINA PEANUT PRO-DUCING REGION. 
Section 1308(c)(2)(B)(iii) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 7958(c)(2)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Vir-ginia and North Carolina’’ and inserting ‘‘Vir-ginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina’’. 
SEC. 11607. ESTABLISHMENT OF FOOD LOSS AND WASTE REDUCTION LIAISON. 
Subtitle A of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), as amended by section 11204, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 222. FOOD LOSS AND WASTE REDUCTION LI-AISON. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-tablish within the Office of the Secretary a Food Loss and Waste Reduction Liaison to coordinate Federal programs to measure and reduce the in-cidence of food loss and waste in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Food Loss and Waste Re-duction Liaison shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate food loss and waste reduction efforts with other Federal agencies, including the Environmental Protection Agency and the Food and Drug Administration; ‘‘(2) support and promote Federal programs to measure and reduce the incidence of food loss and waste and increase food recovery; ‘‘(3) provide information to, and serve as a re-source for, entities engaged in food loss and waste reduction and food recovery concerning the availability of, and eligibility requirements for, participation in Federal programs; ‘‘(4) raise awareness of the liability protec-tions afforded under the Bill Emerson Good Sa-maritan Food Donation Act (42 U.S.C. 1791) to persons engaged in food loss and waste reduc-tion and food recovery; and ‘‘(5) make recommendations with respect to expanding food recovery efforts and reducing the incidence of food loss and waste. ‘‘(c) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—For pur- poses of carrying out the duties under sub-section (b), the Food Loss and Waste Reduction Liaison may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements with the research centers of the Re-search, Education, and Economics mission area, institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)), or nonprofit organizations for— ‘‘(1) the development of educational materials; ‘‘(2) the conduct of workshops and courses; or ‘‘(3) the conduct of research on best practices with respect to food loss and waste reduction and food recovery.’’. 
SEC. 11608. COTTON CLASSIFICATION SERVICES. 
Section 3a of the Act of March 3, 1927 (7 U.S.C. 473a), is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) HIRING AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, employees hired to provide cotton classification services pursuant to this section may work up to 240 calendar days in a service year and may be rehired non- competitively every year in the same or a suc-cessor position if they meet performance and conduct expectations, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. 
SEC. 11609. CENTURY FARMS PROGRAM. 
The Secretary shall establish a program under which the Secretary recognizes any farm that— (1) a State department of agriculture or simi-lar statewide agricultural organization recog-nizes as a Century Farm; or (2)(A) is defined as a farm or ranch under sec-tion 4284.902 of title 7, Code of Federal Regula-tions (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act); (B) has been in continuous operation for at least 100 years; and (C) has been owned by the same family for at least 100 consecutive years, as verified through deeds, wills, abstracts, tax statements, or other similar legal documents considered appropriate by the Secretary. 
SEC. 11610. REPORT ON AGRICULTURAL INNOVA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency and the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, shall prepare and submit a report to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate on plans for improving the Federal government’s policies and procedures with re-spect to gene editing and other precision plant breeding methods. (b) C
ONTENT .—The report under subsection (a) shall include plans to implement measures de-signed to ensure that— (1) the United States continues to provide a favorable environment for research and develop-ment in precision plant breeding innovation and maintains its leadership with respect to that in-novation; (2) for plants for which premarket review is required under the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136), or the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the process for such review is designed— (A) to minimize regulatory burden while as-suring protection of public health and welfare; and (B) to ensure that resources of the Department of Agriculture are focused on plants with less familiar characteristics, more complex risk path-ways, or both; (3) each agency referred to in subsection (a) recognizes that certain applications of gene edit-ing in plants do not warrant such a premarket review process; (4) each agency referred to in subsection (a) clearly communicates the rationale for the regu-latory policies and decisions of such agency to the public through broadly available and easily accessible tools; (5) categories of plants that are familiar and have a history of safe use be identified and ex-empted from such premarket review or be subject to an expedited, independent premarket review process for which data requirements are re-duced; (6) regulatory processes of each agency re-ferred to in subsection (a) are predictable, effi-cient, not duplicative, and designed to accom-modate rapid advances in plant breeding tech-nology; and (7) where Federal law provides for regulatory oversight of plant breeding technology by more than one Federal agency, the relevant Federal agencies enter into appropriate interagency agreements to shift responsibility for particular 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4123 May 16, 2018 
categories of plant products and regulatory ac-tivities for purposes of meeting the goals speci-fied in paragraphs (1) through (6). 
SEC. 11611. REPORT ON DOG IMPORTATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agri-culture, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report that contains the following information, with respect to the im-portation of dogs into the United States: (1) An estimate of the number of dogs so im-ported each year. (2) The number of dogs so imported for resale. (3) The number of dogs for which such impor-tation for resale was requested but denied be-cause such importation failed to meet the re-quirements of section 18 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2148). (4) The Secretary’s recommendations for Fed-eral statutory changes determined to be nec-essary for such importation for resale to meet the requirements of such section. 
SEC. 11612. PROHIBITION ON SLAUGHTER OF DOGS AND CATS FOR HUMAN CON-SUMPTION. 
The Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2131 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 30. PROHIBITION OF SLAUGHTER OF DOGS AND CATS FOR HUMAN CONSUMP-TION. 
‘‘(a) P ROHIBITION .—No person may— ‘‘(1) knowingly slaughter a dog or cat for human consumption; or ‘‘(2) knowingly ship, transport, move, deliver, receive, possess, purchase, sell, or donate— ‘‘(A) a dog or cat to be slaughtered for human consumption; or ‘‘(B) dog or cat parts for human consumption. ‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates this section shall be subject to imprisonment for not more than 1 year, or a fine of not more than $2,500, or both. ‘‘(c) S
COPE.—Subsection (a) shall apply only with respect to conduct in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce or within the special mari-time and territorial jurisdiction of the United States. ‘‘(d) C
ONFLICT WITHSTATE LAW.—This sec- tion shall not be construed to limit any State or local law or regulations protecting the welfare of animals or to prevent a State or local gov-erning body from adopting and enforcing ani-mal welfare laws and regulations that are more stringent than this section.’’. Subtitle G—Protecting Interstate Commerce 
SEC. 11701. PROHIBITION AGAINST INTER-FERENCE BY STATE AND LOCAL GOV-ERNMENTS WITH PRODUCTION OR MANUFACTURE OF ITEMS IN OTHER STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Consistent with article I, section 8, clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States, the government of a State or lo-cality therein shall not impose a standard or condition on the production or manufacture of any agricultural product sold or offered for sale in interstate commerce if— (1) such production or manufacture occurs in another State; and (2) the standard or condition is in addition to the standards and conditions applicable to such production or manufacture pursuant to— (A) Federal law; and (B) the laws of the State and locality in which such production or manufacture occurs. (b) A
GRICULTURAL PRODUCT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘agricultural product’’ has the meaning given such term in section 207 of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1626). SEC. 11702. FEDERAL CAUSE OF ACTION TO CHAL-LENGE STATE REGULATION OF INTERSTATE COMMERCE. 
(a) P RIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .—A person, in-cluding a producer, transporter, distributer, consumer, laborer, trade association, the Fed-eral Government, a State government, or a unit of local government, which is affected by a reg-ulation of a State or unit of local government which regulates any aspect of an agricultural product, including any aspect of the method of production, which is sold in interstate com-merce, or any means or instrumentality through which such an agriculture product is sold in interstate commerce, may bring an action in the appropriate court to invalidate such a regula-tion and seek damages for economic loss result-ing from such regulation. (b) P
RELIMINARY INJUNCTION .—Upon a motion of the plaintiff, the court shall issue a prelimi-nary injunction to preclude the State or unit of local government from enforcing the regulation at issue until such time as the court enters a final judgment in the case, unless the State or unit of local government proves by clear and convincing evidence that— (1) the State or unit of local government is likely to prevail on the merits at trial; and (2) the injunction would cause irreparable harm to the State or unit of local government. (c) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—No action shall be maintained under this section unless it is commenced within 10 years after the cause of action arose. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part C of House Report 115–677. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order print-ed in the report, by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be consid-ered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part C of House Report 115–677. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order by the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 134, line 7, strike ‘‘or’’. Page 134, after line 7, insert the following (and redesignate the subsequent subpara-graph accordingly): ‘‘(C) the use of existing drainage systems, or to upgrade drainage systems, to provide irrigation or water efficiency; or Page 134, line 14, insert ‘‘
DRAINAGE DIS -
TRICTS ,’’ after ‘‘ IRRIGATION ASSOCIATIONS ,’’. Page 134, line 18, insert ‘‘drainage dis-trict,’’ after ‘‘irrigation association,’’. Page 135, lines 5 and 6, insert ‘‘drainage district,’’ after ‘‘irrigation association,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 891, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I bring this amend-ment, amendment No. 1, to help supple-ment some of the good programs that are already existing within the existing farm bill, and what it does is it allows drainage districts to also compete for EQIP money along with the irrigation districts that exist in the country. I have worked in this arena for a lot of my adult life, and there are roughly 2,000 drainage districts in the State of Iowa, but the important part of this is that we are concerned about water quality and water management and nu-trient management, and we have devel-oped technology that, when a producer goes into a pattern tile system, a drainage system—and we used to, and we still do in most places—we just drain all that water out down to the bottom of the tile, and we do that for 12 months out of the year. And what happens is the nutrients that are applied, the nitrogen and the phosphorous, in particular, go down the stream, and it impacts the water quality downstream; and it contributes to the hypoxia in the Gulf Coast, as well. So we have developed a method by which especially the flattest ground in the corn belt—this began at least 8 mil-lion acres that were under a 2 percent grade—could be pattern tiled and put stop logs in and store the water in the subsoil; drain it down for the 2 weeks in the spring that we are in the field, let the water table come back up again, hold it there, drain it down again for the 2 weeks in the fall that we are in the field, and let it come up the rest of the time. While that is going on, the root sys-tem of our crop—corn and soybeans in my country, different crops in others— will draw up those nutrients out of that water and they will pull the nitro-gen out, they will pull the phosphorous out, and we can minimize the applica-tion of our fertilizer. In doing so and having a better utilization of our fer-tilizer, we can also see the water that finally does go down the stream be a far higher quality. So this allows EQIP to be spent also in drainage districts for that purpose. It is good for water quality. It is good for production efficiency, and it is something that I think has a big future for the United States of America. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, even though I am in favor of this. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, this is something that I have been working on up in my area for some time as well. We have the Red River Valley, which is a river that flows north, and it al-ways causes a lot of trouble with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.044 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4124 May 16, 2018 
flooding and so forth, a lot of erosion problems, and we have been looking at ways to deal with this. One of the ways that we found that really works is to put in pattern tile along with lift stations and pumps and stop logs and so forth that allow you to control this water and keep it until the water goes down. You can let it out at the appropriate time. It improves the water quality, and it will help us with flooding situations. Our water management districts up there need this authority. They would very much use this, and it would be a good thing for not only stopping a lot of erosion, it would also improve the water quality substantially in our wa-tershed up there. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support the amendment. I encourage my colleagues to support it as well, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Minnesota. They un-derstand the water quality issues and the drainage issues at least as well as we do in Iowa, and working together on this kind of a proposal, I think, will yield good results all the way down, es-pecially the Mississippi River, the hy-poxia in the Gulf. This is good for the entire United States of America. It is something that I wish we would have done some time ago, but I appreciate the support for this amendment. I urge its adoption. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . GIBBS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part C of House Report 115–677. Mr. GIBBS. I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2407. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INCREASED WATERSHED-BASED COLLABORA-TION. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Federal Government should recognize and encourage partnerships at the watershed level between nonpoint sources and regulated point sources to advance the goals of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and provide benefits to farmers, landowners, and the public. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 891, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is really a sense of Con-gress that will help support water and wastewater utilities innovating to meet Clean Water Act targets more ef-fectively and potentially at lower costs to the utility by working throughout the watershed on water quality im-provements. Utilities often need to look at costly end-of-pipe treatment to remove nutri-ents like phosphorus and nitrogen. These facilities can cost hundreds of millions of dollars, and this is particu-larly important in Ohio where nutrient management is an important concern. This commonsense approach that many water and wastewater utilities would like to take is to work with farmers and landowners in the water-shed to help reduce the nutrient runoff in the waterways in the first place, which in turn helps reduce the cost to utility ratepayers for water treatment. This would produce a win-win for farm-ers, local communities, and utilities. The farmers will receive an additional revenue stream, and local communities will see lower fees for their water and wastewater services on their utility bills. For example, a utility in the city of Green Bay, Wisconsin, has put this practice to work on a pilot basis, and instead of spending $200 million on phosphorus removal treatment at the end of the pipe, they are spending an estimated $50 million investing in con-servation practices with local farmers to reduce nutrient loading throughout the watershed. This amendment aligns squarely with the objectives of the farm bill con-servation programs and will allow greater leveraging of public-private partnerships, and it would also benefit private entities that operate within MMDS permits on TMDLs on their loads. They can encourage them to work with landowners and farmers in the watershed to reduce the TMDLs and reduce the nutrient load in the wa-tershed completely so we bring down the whole TMDL issue by working to-gether and instituting more conserva-tion practices and partnerships with utilities and other private entities with the local farmers and landowners. Mr. Chairman, I encourage support of this conservation program to help pro-vide cleaner water for all of us in the watersheds, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I don’t oppose this amendment. I don’t really have any problem with it. We are using RCPP in my part of the world. I have not heard any request for this, but I don’t think it does any harm. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I just want to thank the ranking member for the support, and I think it is important because there are numerous examples of where, if we work collaboratively to-gether in a watershed, we can reduce the nutrient load and also encourage more economic activity, and it is also beneficial for the farmers and land-owners. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the sup-port, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part C of House Report 115–677. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part C of House Report 115–677. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. MULTIVITAMIN-MINERAL DIETARY SUPPLEMENTS ELIGIBLE FOR PUR-CHASE WITH SUPPLEMENTAL NU-TRITION ASSISTANCE BENEFITS. 
Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amended— (1) in subsection (k) by— (A) striking ‘‘and (9)’’ and inserting ‘‘(9)’’, and (B) inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and (10) a multivitamin- mineral dietary supplement for home con-sumption’’, (2) by inserting after subsection (m) the following: ‘‘(m–1) ‘Multivitamin-mineral dietary sup-plement’ means a substance that— ‘‘(1) provides at least half of the vitamins and minerals for which the National Acad-emy of Medicine establishes dietary ref-erence intakes, at 50 percent or more of the daily value for the intended life stage per daily serving as determined by the Food and Drug Administration; and ‘‘(2) does not exceed the tolerable upper in-take levels for those nutrients for which an established tolerable upper intake level is determined by the National Academy of Medicine.’’, and (3) in subsection (q)(2) by striking ‘‘and spices’’ and inserting ‘‘spices, and multi-vitamin-mineral dietary supplements’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 891, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. b1900 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today to offer my amend-ment, which would allow SNAP users to purchase multivitamins. First, I would like to thank Chair-man C
ONAWAY for his hard work during this farm bill process. H.R. 2 is a bill that will strengthen the farm safety net for America’s farmers and ranch-ers, and give folks on SNAP a path out of poverty with workforce training pro-grams. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.102 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4125 May 16, 2018 
The multivitamins can serve as an ef-fective bridge between what Americans should eat and what they actually con-sume. Repeated studies have shown that Americans do not consume essen-tial nutrients at recommended levels through diet alone. Low-income and older Americans are more likely than others to have insufficient and nutri-tionally inadequate diets. Multivitamins are not a replacement for a healthy diet, but these supple-ments can help fill that nutrient gap. Safe, convenient, and scientifically supported multivitamins represent a low-cost immediate solution for SNAP recipients looking to ensure their fami-lies receive adequate intake of essen-tial vitamins and minerals. It is my hope that by empowering low-income Americans to achieve opti-mal nutrition, SNAP recipients will de-velop lifelong habits that will eventu-ally break the cycle of poverty and allow them to reach their full poten-tial. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of this com-monsense, no-cost amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BERGMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part C of House Report 115–677. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 2. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 326, after line 6, insert the following: 
SEC. llll. GAO REPORT ON ABILITY OF THE FARM CREDIT SYSTEM TO MEET THE AGRICULTURAL CREDIT NEEDS OF INDIAN TRIBES AND THEIR MEM-BERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) study the agricultural credit needs of farms, ranches, and related agricultural businesses that are owned or operated by— (A) Indian tribes on tribal lands; or (B) enrolled members of Indian tribes on Indian allotments; and (2) determine whether the institutions of the Farm Credit System have sufficient au-thority and resources to meet the needs. (b) D
EFINITION OF INDIAN TRIBE.—In sub- section (a), the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ means an Indian tribal entity that is eligible for funding and services from the Bureau of In-dian Affairs by virtue of the status of the en-tity as an Indian tribe. (c) R
EPORT TO THE CONGRESS .—Within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to the Com-mittees on Agriculture and on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives a written report that contains the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a). If the Comptroller General finds that the insti-tutions of the Farm Credit System do not have sufficient authority or resources to meet the needs referred to in subsection (a), the report shall include such legislative and other recommendations as the Comptroller General determines would result in a system under which the needs are met in an equi-table and effective manner. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 891, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple. It directs GAO to study the credit needs of agricul-tural businesses that are owned and op-erated by Indian Tribes on Tribal lands. My district is home to eight federally recognized Tribes, and it has been my honor to represent each of them over the last 16 months. We often hear about how most Tribes are located within food deserts, but we must re-member, most Tribes are also located within credit deserts. Credit deserts occur when there are very few lenders available in a region. The lack of credit options severely im-pacts the ability of Tribes and Tribal Members to invest and expand their ag-ricultural businesses. By directing GAO to study the unique credit needs of Tribes, we can identify solutions that will result in a system under which their needs are met in an equi-table and effective manner. The Farm Credit System is vitally important for agricultural commu-nities in rural America. Without suffi-cient access to credit, young farmers will not be able to begin a career and experienced farmers will not be able to expand their businesses. Tribes across the country need fair and equal access to all agricultural programs so they can promote their historical and cul-tural knowledge for the next genera-tion of American farmers. This farm bill represents an invest-ment in rural America. With net farm income dropping by nearly 50 percent over the past 4 years, Congress must recognize the vital role our agricul-tural communities play and provide the resources they need for success. I thank Chairman C
ONAWAY for his leadership in bringing forth a bill that is responsive to the needs of farm coun-try. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . ARRINGTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part C of House Report 115–677. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 337, after line 18, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. REFINANCING OF CERTAIN RURAL HOSPITAL DEBT. 
Subtitle D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1981 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 341 the following: ‘‘SEC. 342. REFINANCING OF CERTAIN RURAL HOSPITAL DEBT. 
‘‘Assistance under section 306(a) for a com-munity facility or under section 310B may include the refinancing of a debt obligation of a rural hospital as an eligible loan or loan guarantee purpose if the assistance would help preserve access to a health service in a rural community and meaningfully improve the financial position of the hospital.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 891, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman C
ONAWAY for his leadership on H.R. 2. This farm bill is critical to this country’s food supply and to rural America. I want to thank him for a great first step of getting it out of the committee. We have strengthened the safety net to provide stability to the ag economy here in the United States. We have made an important investment in rural America and rural infrastructure, espe-cially around the technology backbone, and we have also fully funded R&D for agriculture, which allows us to be glob-ally competitive and gives our pro-ducers an advantage. Lastly, but certainly not least, I am very proud of the reforms to the Food Stamp program that encourage work. We have got 6 million surplus jobs, and we don’t need policies that trap people in a cycle of dependency on govern-ment and poverty. It is not the right thing to do to them. It is not right for the taxpayers. It is not good for Amer-ica. Mr. Chairman, the amendment I am offering today would provide a critical lifeline to rural hospitals by expanding the eligibility requirements in two of USDA’s loan programs, the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Pro-gram and the Community Facilities Direct Loan and Guaranteed Loan Pro-gram, to allow these community hos-pitals to refinance their existing debt under these programs. This will lower their cost of capital and free up precious resources needed to keep these facilities operating. If we are going to maintain the ability to feed our own people and fuel the Amer-ican economy, we need a strong and sustainable rural America. The heart of rural communities is access to qual-ity healthcare. What would this coun-try be without the hardworking energy and agriculture producers in small towns across this great land? There are over 5,000 hospitals in the United States, and roughly half of them are in rural areas, serving one out of every five Americans. Without access to basic medical services, com-munities in America’s breadbasket and energy basin would not survive. Since 2010, over 80 rural hospitals across the country have closed, includ-ing 11 in my home State of Texas. With 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.107 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4126 May 16, 2018 
almost half of existing hospitals oper-ating at a loss, the number of these hospitals that are closing are guaran-teed to go up. In less than 10 years, a whopping 25 percent of our Nation’s rural hospitals could close. For many of the nearly 700 rural hospitals strug-gling to keep their doors open, this will give them the tools and the resources necessary to maintain their viability and to continue to serving their com-munities. If we fail to act and some of these hospitals close down, it could result in tens of thousands of lost jobs in rural communities across the country. That would cripple rural communities across this great Nation and potentially dev-astate our agriculture and energy econ-omy, affecting all Americans, includ-ing our friends in urban and suburban areas. I would like to conclude my remarks by thanking again, the chairman, my friend and fellow west Texan, for his leadership on this farm bill. I am proud to support it. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, so we can pro-tect rural America by giving our com-munity hospitals the certainty and the resources they need to keep our people and our communities healthy. I include in the R
ECORD a letter of support from the National Rural Health Association. 
NATIONAL RURAL  H
EALTH ASSOCIATION , May 16, 2018. Hon. J
ODEY ARRINGTON , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE ARRINGTON : The Na- tional Rural Health Association (NRHA), a nonprofit membership organization with more than 21,000 members in rural America, applauds your proposed amendment to H.R. 2. Rural America encompasses more than 90% of the nation’s land area, houses 46 million residents, and 20% of our nation’s popu-lation. Still, rural communities make up only 3% of job growth since the Great Reces-sion, and many rural areas continue to see increasing unemployment. From 2010 to 2014, rural areas saw more businesses close than open. Rural hospitals and providers are a critical part of the rural community, and often are the backbone of the rural economy. Eighty-three rural hospitals have closed since 2010, and 673 are vulnerable to closure. If the 673 vulnerable hospitals closed, rural patients would need to seek alternatives for 11.7 million hospitals visits, 99,000 health care workers would need to find new jobs, and $277 billion in GPD would be lost. When a rural community is faced with a hospital struggling to remain open, the com-munity often looks for resources to keep this essential point of care. The USDA has the experience and expertise to help struggling rural hospitals negotiate, reorganize, and re-vitalize. Rural hospitals are an essential pil-lar of their communities and are necessary to create the economic growth that is direly needed in rural communities. No business wants to relocate to a community that does not have an emergency room to care for an employee injured at work or a place for a young worker to deliver a baby or take a sick child. Allowing refinancing of debt obli-gations through the Business and Industry and Community Facilities Loan Programs supports communities in improving the fi-nancial position of the hospital to maintain necessary local access to care in rural com-munities. We applaud you for your efforts to ensure that these important loan programs can be used by rural hospitals in need and appre-ciate your leadership in introducing this im-portant and timely amendment. Please con-tact Jessica Seigel in my Government Af-fairs office if NRHA can offer more support on this or future health issues. Sincerely, ALANMORGAN , Chief Executive Officer. 
Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the intent of the amendment, but there are a couple of problems here. One is that I have got some hospitals in my area that have used this to es-tablish rural hospitals. There is a limited amount of money available in this fund, and what you are going to do here with this is you are going to increase the competition for it. There is already an increase in fees on the loans in this bill. So, for smaller communities, it is going to make it more difficult. But the bigger problem I have with this, as I understand it, this bill raises the limits for what is a rural area from 20,000 in the case of broadband and water, and 10,000 on waste. These are numbers that were put in in the 2008 farm bill when I was chairman. I just want to point out to people: The big-gest city in my district is 32,000 people. I have 350 towns in my district, and only 12 of them are over 10,000. So what this does is it puts us in a situation where we are going to not be able to build hospitals because they are going to be sucked up by these bigger communities in these other parts of the country. So I just think this is something that is not needed. If you have got a town of 50,000 people, you can go get financing some other place. You don’t need to be financed by USDA. Mr. Chair, I oppose the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Chair, I re-spect the ranking member’s comments, and I appreciate his commitment to rural America, but I would submit that my hometown, which is over the 20,000 threshold but under the 50,000, has every bit of the challenges that small towns at 20,000 and below face. They deserve access to quality care. This amendment, by the way, does not change that threshold. However, that threshold is changed in the farm bill. It reserves the direct lending portion of the program at $2.8 billion for those communities at 20,000 and below, and it actually expands the Guaranteed Loan Program that has delivered capital to levels close to $150 million. That pro-gram would be the one we would ex-pand for communities above 20,000 but below 50,000. Again, Plainview, Texas, is a rural small town. It is an ag community, and if the people of Plainview and towns like that don’t have access to healthcare, then they cannot sustain the ag economy in west Texas. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I just have a problem with a town of 50,000 being called a rural town. The average town in my district is 1,000 people, 1,500 people. Those are the folks who cannot afford to do this. That is what this pro-gram is for. I don’t know how much money we have wasted on broadband in this Con-gress, and one of the reasons we wasted it is we had a 50,000 population limit. What happened is these telecom com-panies and cable companies went into these bigger communities because that is where they could make money, and they overbuilt the systems two or three times. Did they come out in the rural areas and do anything? No. So we still don’t have broadband, and in towns of 50,000, we have three systems. So what I was trying to do in 2008 was trying to focus this stuff down to where it—in my opinion—belongs. In your part of the world, that might be the thing to do, but this does not work in my district, and I don’t agree with it. Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . JONES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part C of House Report 115–677. Mr. JONES. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 387, after line 24, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. LIMITED EXCLUSION OF MILITARY BASE RESIDENTS FROM DEFINITION OF RURAL AREA. 
(a) P ROGRAMS UNDER THE CONSOLIDATED  F
ARM AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT ACT.—Sec- tion 343(a)(13) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)), as amended by section 6218 of this Act, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘(I)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) L
IMITED EXCLUSION OF MILITARY BASE  
POPULATIONS .—The first 1,500 individuals who reside in housing located on a military base shall not be included in determining whether an area is ‘rural’ or a ‘rural area’.’’. (b) R
URAL BROADBAND LOANS AND GUAR-
ANTEE PROGRAM .—Section 601(b)(3) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.111 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4127 May 16, 2018 
950bb(b)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) E
XCLUSION OF MILITARY BASE POPU -
LATIONS .—The first 1,500 individuals who re-side in housing located on a military base shall not be included in determining whether an area is a ‘rural area’.’’. (c) D
ISTANCE LEARNING AND TELEMEDICINE  L
OANS AND GRANTS .—Section 2332 of the Food Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 950aaa–1) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
URAL AREA .—The term ‘rural area’ has the meaning given the term in section 601(b)(3) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 891, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. JONES. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for allowing me to have this oppor-tunity to speak about this amendment. The amendment allows military towns who are on the bubble of eligi-bility for USDA rural development pro-grams the ability to apply for loans and grants for their communities. Given the transitory nature of mili-tary service, town populations change frequently and having this buffer will allow otherwise ineligible communities to have the ability to apply and com-pete for assistance in funding critical facilities such as fire departments, hos-pitals, and children’s centers. b1915 Allowing these communities to com-pete for financial assistance does not increase spending for these programs. We are probably only talking about four military towns at this point. So these towns are in the rural part of America, and, again, we are just saying that they should have the ability to compete. That is the amendment, the best I can explain it, and I ask for support of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . LATTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part C of House Report 115–677. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 397, after line 12, insert the following: Subtitle I—Precision Agriculture Connectivity 
SEC. 6801. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Precision agriculture technologies and practices allow farmers to significantly in-crease crop yields, eliminate overlap in oper-ations, and reduce inputs such as seed, fer-tilizer, pesticides, water, and fuel. (2) These technologies allow farmers to collect data in real time about their fields, automate field management, and maximize resources. (3) Studies estimate that precision agri-culture technologies can reduce agricultural operation costs by up to 25 dollars per acre and increase farm yields by up to 70 percent by 2050. (4) The critical cost savings and produc-tivity benefits of precision agriculture can-not be realized without the availability of re-liable broadband Internet access service de-livered to the agricultural land of the United States. (5) The deployment of broadband Internet access service to unserved and underserved agricultural land is critical to the United States economy and to the continued leader-ship of the United States in global food pro-duction. (6) Despite the growing demand for broadband Internet access service on agricul-tural land, broadband Internet access service is not consistently available where needed for agricultural operations. (7) The Federal Communications Commis-sion has an important role to play in the de-ployment of broadband Internet access serv-ice on unserved and underserved agricultural land to promote precision agriculture. SEC. 6802. TASK FORCE FOR REVIEWING THE CONNECTIVITY AND TECHNOLOGY NEEDS OF PRECISION AGRI-CULTURE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘broadband Internet access service’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8.2 of title 47, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor regulation; (2) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Fed-eral Communications Commission; (3) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Agriculture; and (4) the term ‘‘Task Force’’ means the Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Technology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States established under sub-section (b). (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall establish the Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Tech-nology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States. (c) D
UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Task Force shall con-sult with the Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, and collaborate with public and private stakeholders in the agriculture and technology fields to— (A) identify and measure current gaps in the availability of broadband Internet access service on agricultural land; (B) develop policy recommendations to promote the rapid, expanded deployment of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land, with a goal of achieving reliable capabilities on 95 percent of agricultural land in the United States by 2025; (C) promote effective policy and regulatory solutions that encourage the adoption of broadband Internet access service on farms and ranches and promote precision agri-culture; (D) recommend specific new rules or amendments to existing rules of the Com-mission that the Commission should issue to achieve the goals and purposes of the policy recommendations described in subparagraph (B); (E) recommend specific steps that the Commission should take to obtain reliable and standardized data measurements of the availability of broadband Internet access service as may be necessary to target fund-ing support, from existing or future pro-grams of the Commission dedicated to the deployment of broadband Internet access service, to unserved agricultural land in need of broadband Internet access service; and (F) recommend specific steps that the Commission should consider to ensure that the expertise of the Secretary and available farm data are reflected in existing or future programs of the Commission dedicated to the infrastructure deployment of broadband Internet access service and to direct avail-able funding to unserved agricultural land where needed. (2) CONSULTATION .—The Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, shall explain and make available to the Task Force the exper-tise, data mapping information, and re-sources of the Department that the Depart-ment uses to identify cropland, ranchland, and other areas with agricultural operations that may be helpful in developing the rec-ommendations required under paragraph (1). (3) L
IST OF AVAILABLE FEDERAL PROGRAMS  
AND RESOURCES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Commission shall jointly submit to the Task Force a list of all Federal programs or resources available for the ex-pansion of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land to assist the Task Force in carrying out the duties of the Task Force. (d) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Task Force shall be— (A) composed of not more than 15 voting members who shall— (i) be selected by the Chairman of the Com-mission, in consultation with the Secretary; and (ii) include— (I) agricultural producers representing di-verse geographic regions and farm sizes, in-cluding owners and operators of farms of less than 100 acres; (II) Internet service providers, including regional or rural fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service providers and tele-communications infrastructure providers; (III) representatives from the electric co-operative industry; (IV) representatives from the satellite in-dustry; (V) representatives from precision agri-culture equipment manufacturers, including drone manufacturers, manufacturers of au-tonomous agricultural machinery, and man-ufacturers of farming robotics technologies; and (VI) representatives from State and local governments; and (B) fairly balanced in terms of tech-nologies, points of view, and fields rep-resented on the Task Force. (2) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A member of the Com-mittee appointed under paragraph (1)(A) shall serve for a single term of 2 years. (B) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Task Force— (i) shall not affect the powers of the Task Force; and (ii) shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (3) E
X-OFFICIO MEMBER .—The Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, shall serve as an ex-officio, nonvoting member of the Task Force. (e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Commission estab-lishes the Task Force, and annually there-after, the Task Force shall submit to the Chairman of the Commission a report, which shall be made public not later than 30 days after the date on which the Chairman re-ceives the report, that details— (1) the status of fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service coverage of agricultural land; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.059 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4128 May 16, 2018 
(2) the projected future connectivity needs of agricultural operations, farmers, and ranchers; and (3) the steps being taken to accurately measure the availability of broadband Inter-net access service on agricultural land and the limitations of current, as of the date of the report, measurement processes. (f) T
ERMINATION .—The Commission shall renew the Task Force every 2 years until the Task Force terminates on January 1, 2025. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 891, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, before I begin, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas, the chairman of the com-mittee, for his hard work on the bill. I appreciate it. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the precision agriculture connectivity amendment. This bipartisan amend-ment offered by myself and my friend from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ) recognizes the need for broadband in rural areas, especially on agricultural lands. I represent the largest farm-income- producing district in the State of Ohio. Precision agriculture technologies and practices, like the use of IoT equip-ment, provide a great opportunity to improve U.S. farm productivity and sustainability. However, the lack of high-speed broadband in rural areas, especially in farmlands and ranchlands, hinder the use of advanced technologies in agri-culture operations. My amendment seeks to improve broadband access to farmers and ranch-ers by establishing a task force for re-viewing the connectivity and tech-nology needs of precision agriculture. The task force would be created pri-marily by the Federal Communications Commission due to their expertise in broadband. However, we also recognize the value of the United States Depart-ment of Agriculture in this discussion. Therefore, the FCC would be required to work in collaboration with the USDA on gathering broadband data and for selecting the members of the task force. This task force would be required to identify current gaps in broadband cov-erage on agricultural lands and rec-ommend policies that will promote their rapid, expanded deployment of broadband internet access service in unserved areas. Simply put, this amendment would help to address a significant need in ag-ricultural lands. Without broadband, farmers cannot utilize precision agri-culture that allows for the collection of field data in real time that can help with crop management. This type of technology helps farmers maximize re-sources to reduce costs and increase crop yields by up to 70 percent by 2050, helping to maintain America’s long- term leadership in global food produc-tion. Furthermore, advanced machinery helps promote environmentally sus-tainable practices. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment to help deploy much-needed broadband in unserved rural, agricultural areas. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I am not going to oppose this amendment, but I claim the time. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I just want to point out that what you did in amendment No. 6 is going to un-dermine what you are trying to do in amendment No. 8 because it is going to allow the telecom companies to game the system. I don’t know how many billions of dollars we have wasted on those com-panies, and they have not accomplished hardly a thing. In fact, they are the ones that have stopped us from getting broadband in the rural parts of my dis-trict because they have vetoed some stuff that the State is doing that actu-ally would work. What we need to do to fix this is we need to change the Universal Service Fund, which is still tied to telephones. That is what got us telephones in all of rural America because we had a Uni-versal Service Fund that was put on everybody’s phone bill, and that gave us the money to go out and put the phones in every house. They are still doing that today. So I have broadband at my deer camp, and the way I got it was because I had to put a telephone in in order for them to get the subsidies so they could run the line to my camp. So, if you want to get this done, what really needs to be done is we need to change the Universal Service Fund and put it on broadband so we have got the money to go out into those under-served areas that are never going to get—there is one person a mile, one house a mile. Nobody can make money on it. So the only way that is going to work is if you have money coming from us to get those companies to go out and do it. I agree with what the gentleman is trying to do here, and I am for what he is trying to do. But I think it is not going to happen because we have tried. We have spent billions of dollars, and nothing has happened so far. I have no confidence in these big telecom compa-nies getting anything done. So, with that, I have got it off my chest. I am not going to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. God bless you and good luck. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s comments. Again, it is important because, again, in the area I represent in the State of Ohio, we have a lot of unserved areas. When we talk about unserved and un-derserved areas, we want to make sure that, especially out in agricultural areas, that we get that area served be-cause they are unserved at this time. Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part C of House Report 115–677. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 429, after line 4, insert the following: ‘‘(16) C
HRONIC WASTING DISEASE .—Research and extension grants may be made under this section for projects relating to treating, mitigating, or eliminating chronic wasting disease.’’. Page 429, line 5, strike ‘‘(16)’’ and insert ‘‘(17)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 891, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, Chairman C
ONAWAY , and Ranking Member P
ETERSON , I am grateful for the opportunity to be here today and speak on this amendment. Chronic wasting disease is a wildlife health disorder impacting the cervid populations in 24 States, including Pennsylvania. The disease attacks the brain and nervous system of these ani-mals, which include deer, elk, and mule and moose species, and always results in death. Currently, we don’t have a way to live test, and there is no cure or vac-cine for the disease. First identified in Colorado in the 1960s, CWD, as it is known, wasn’t de-tected in Pennsylvania until 2012. How-ever, the problem continues to grow as the State Game Commission has found a doubling of instances between 2016 and 2017. If this trend continues, we will see devastating impacts on our cervid pop-ulations as well as related ecological consequences. Title VII, the research portion of the farm bill, provides important support for innovation, research, and develop-ment at our Nation’s land grant uni-versities and agricultural colleges. To help wildlife managers and States combat the problem of CWD, my amendment simply adds chronic wast-ing disease to section 7208, high-pri-ority research and extension initia-tives. According to the CBO, this amend-ment would have no change in direct spending or revenue. However, this amendment would help focus some re-sources toward chronic wasting disease research. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.056 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4129 May 16, 2018 
A number of organizations have en-dorsed this amendment, including the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Part-nership, Wildlife Management Insti-tute, The Quality Deer Management Association, National Deer Alliance, National Wildlife Federation, and the Association of Fish and Wildlife Agen-cies. I appreciate the opportunity today to offer this amendment and request the support of my colleagues. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. PETERSON. I agree that chronic wasting is a serious problem. We have it in Minnesota. We have spent a lot of money already in Minnesota on re-search as they have in Wisconsin and probably other places. Does this do anything about the problem of this getting out of farm deer, farms and so forth? Because they just found in southern Minnesota that this was spread by deer getting out of a farm deer situation. They went in there, and every deer that was in that farm had chronic wasting disease. Does it do anything in terms of doing research to go in and make sure those herds are not contributing to the prob-lem? Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. PETERSON. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for that question. It is an im-portant part of this discussion. Actu-ally, first of all, it is important for peo-ple to understand that, let me just say upfront, chronic wasting disease is not transmitted to humans. There is no case of that. I know that wasn’t your question, but I think that is important. It is not transmitted to humans. I think it is important for those who might be listening to understand that. I don’t want to create a fear factor here. The research of the USDA so far shows there has never been a docu-mented case of a farm deer transferring CWD to wild population. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, re-claiming my time. That is not true. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. PETERSON. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. All farm deer must be CWD certified, meaning testing for over 5 years, to be eligible for interstate shipment and commerce, and there is a USDA Fed-eral rule, all farm deer in the Federal herd certification program must test 100 percent of their death loss for CWD, and State and Federal fish and wildlife agencies test a low percentage of wild deer for CWD. So the focus on this is the wild deer. If a farm deer is determined to be CWD positive, in almost all cases, the entire herd is put down, as you had mentioned in your experience, leaving the farmer without a source of income or business. The goal of the amendment, however, I think would help in that situation be-cause the goal of the amendment is to find a live test or a cure for CWD since scientists believe it is naturally occur-ring in the wild. If we had a vaccine, we could then increase the number of sportsmen and -women in the field to help with the Pittman-Robertson funds that go to conservation. The total economic impact of the farmed cervid industry is $7.9 billion a year in the U.S. and employs almost 57,000 people who contribute greatly to rural American, State, and certainly Federal economies as well. The outcome of this would benefit both farm but also wild CWD instances and cases, and prevent them. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, re-claiming my time, is the gentleman saying that USDA says there has never been a case where it has been trans-mitted from a farm to wildlife? Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. PETERSON. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Yes. Mr. PETERSON. That is not true be-cause it has happened in Minnesota in two or three cases. So maybe they need to be researched. They are a little be-hind the times it seems to me. In southeast Minnesota, we don’t have it up where I am at, but in the southeast, this is prevalent. The same thing in Wisconsin. So everybody that takes a deer has to take it into the DNR and get it tested currently. Once this thing gets into the wild, it is very hard to eradicate without wip-ing out the whole herd, which some places are going to do that. So I am supportive of what you are trying to do. I just want to make sure that we are doing, within the USDA and the animal welfare, health thing, that they have got some resources there that can go in and make sure that these farms are not transferring this stuff out in the wild when a deer gets loose. That is apparently what happened in southeast Minnesota. That is my only concern. Maybe we can work together on the language and im-prove it. I will support your amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I move that the House do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. LAMALFA ) having assumed the chair, Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of ag-ricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
b1930 RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota). Under the Speak-er’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, to-night, as we have every other week for the last few months, I want to talk about the Mueller investigation and the kinds of results that are being de-veloped by the FBI, by the Department of Justice, on a lot of very serious top-ics. The main topic is the Russians interfering with our elections, particu-larly the 2016 election. That kind of interference goes to the heart of our Nation. It goes to the heart of our freedom. It goes to the heart of our independence. It goes to the heart of this country’s sovereignty and to be able to make decisions with-out interference by nations other than the United States of America, other than us as citizens of the United States of America. I think we need to step back and think about this a little bit, because it is clear now. Just today, the Senate Republican chair of the Intelligence Committee said there is no doubt that Russia un-dertook an unprecedented effort to interfere with our 2016 elections. He says he looks forward to completing the committee’s inquiry and issuing findings and recommendations to Americans. The vice chairman, Senator W
ARNER  from Virginia, says: 
After a thorough review, our staff con-cluded that the intelligence community’s conclusions were accurate and on point. The Russian effort was extensive, sophisticated, and ordered by President Putin himself for the purpose of helping Donald Trump and hurting Hillary Clinton. 
In order to protect our democracy from future threats, we must under-stand what happened in 2016. So, a year ago, Special Counsel Rob-ert Mueller was appointed to look into this affair and what exactly happened and to bring those to justice who broke our laws, who interfered with our sov-ereignty and our freedoms. But all along the way, the White House has objected, has tried to de-scribe it as a witch hunt, as a hoax, as nothing but a charade, when, in fact, in this 1-year period there have been five guilty pleas and 22 indictments. We kind have got to go back to the beginning, Mr. Speaker. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.119 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4130 May 16, 2018 
A year ago, Democrats were asking the President to turn over his tax re-turns, which all Presidents have done and which candidates do. The President refused and continues to refuse to this day to turn over his tax returns. So the question is: What is in there to hide? What is the big deal? What is he afraid of us seeing in those tax re-turns? Today, it came out in the news that the financial disclosure statement shows a payment to Michael Cohen, his attorney, that he said he never made. We have got to get to the bottom of these numbers, to the bottom of this Russian interference. Mr. Mueller and the FBI need to conclude their inves-tigation without any interference, without any obstruction. For all of us as Americans, this applies to the very core of what a democracy is, and that is free, fair, and unimpeded elections. So there are three key questions that we keep asking. We ask our friends on the Republican side, particularly Speaker R
YAN and Senate Majority Leader M
CCONNELL : Let’s move forward with investigations here in this Con-gress. Why not? Let’s find out what is really going on. Let’s protect this investigation so that threats by the White House to fire Mr. Mueller, to fire Rod Rosenstein from the Department of Justice—they did fire individuals out of the FBI— let’s let these detectives and these law enforcement officials finish their job. But the questions are: What are they hiding? What are they afraid that peo-ple will see? And why not let the detec-tives and the law enforcement officers finish their job? Let’s play this out and see exactly what the facts are so we all know what happened and how we can stop it from happening again to make sure we have free and fair elections. I have been able to ask these ques-tions and participate in these Special Order hours with several of my friends. One of those who has taken a keen in-terest in protecting this investigation and making sure that the facts do come to light has been my friend, J
ARED HUFFMAN from northern Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ), for some of his thoughts as to where we are, because we have had many, many changes in terms of the lawyers who were representing either the White House or the President personally. They are gone. We have got new law-yers. Former District Attorney and Mayor Giuliani is now involved. Other people. The President’s personal law-yer, Mr. C
OHEN , is now out and under investigation himself. There seems to be something happening pretty much every day. I would like to get my friend’s thoughts about it. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Colorado is right that the pace of revelations and controver-sies surrounding this Trump White House and their personal financial and political involvement with Russia, their attempts to interfere with and obstruct justice relating to Mr. Mueller’s investigation, the pace of all that is just dizzy. So, here we are, 1 year into the work of Special Counsel Mueller. I am glad that Congressman PERL-
MUTTER began his remarks by remind-ing us of the context of this issue; the fact that what happened in the 2016 Presidential election was a big deal. It was unprecedented. A foreign adver-sary maliciously interfered in our elec-tion with a specific intent to help one candidate and to hurt another. They placed a bet on Donald Trump. They put their thumb on the scale in every way they could to help Donald Trump. Maybe that is why all along he has been reluctant to acknowledge what obviously happened. He doesn’t want to talk about it. He wants to write it all off as a witch hunt and a conspiracy theory. He probably feels a little defen-sive about that cloud of legitimacy in-volving Russian interference. Based on what we know so far, there may be an even more sinister expla-nation for some of his behavior. It may be that he—or, at least a lot of people very close to him—were actively work-ing with the Russians as part of this. That is what the Mueller investigation is looking into and that is what the American people have to find out. We have to know the full extent of exactly what happened, no matter where those facts may lead. The truth is, at this 1-year mark in this historic investigation, this his-toric scandal, there is plenty of reason to worry about what President Trump might do by way of trying to block and stop and interfere with this investiga-tion. It is not just us saying it. You can look at his own word. He has said at various times in re-cent months: ‘‘At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get in-volved.’’ That is obviously a threat, whether that is using his pardon power or be-ginning to fire people in the Depart-ment of Justice, the FBI, or even the Special Counsel himself. He has threatened to reveal conflicts of interest of the Special Counsel. Ob-viously, this is a favorite tactic of President Trump, trying to intimidate, trying to posture with folks who he perceives as adversaries. He said on another occasion: ‘‘Mueller is most conflicted of all (ex-cept Rosenstein who signed FISA & Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy.’’ These are the ravings of someone who is acting very defensively. And I would say as a former attorney—Con-gressman P
ERLMUTTER is a former at-torney himself—it really speaks to a consciousness of guilt. We would argue that if we were in a court of law and we had evidence of statements such as this repeatedly calling this investigation a witch hunt. On another occasion, he says: ‘‘As I have been saying all along, it is all a big hoax by Democrats based on pay-ments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch hunt.’’ On another occasion he said: Why don’t I just fire Mueller? Well, we’ll see what happens. 
Taken together, all of his various statements should be very troubling to anyone who cares about the independ-ence of our law enforcement agencies and about the integrity of this criti-cally important investigation. I am glad to stand with the gen-tleman tonight and every night that we have had these Special Order hours to continue to make sure that our col-leagues here in the House know that we are going to defend this investiga-tion, that we are going to do every-thing we can to make sure that our law enforcement professionals and Special Counsel Mueller have the chance to fully find the evidence, wherever it may lead, to get the truth out to the American people. We deserve nothing less. I am glad to see our colleague, J
OE C
OURTNEY from Connecticut, joining the conversation. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from northern Cali-fornia, and his points are really well taken. This investigation, rather than just sort of pushing some paper around, we have had other special counsel ap-pointed from time to time and just in this—some of them take years. Wheth-er it was the Contra affair, Watergate, or whatever, it takes years and years. Here, really in 1 year, we have had 13 Russian either agencies or corporations and individuals indicted. We have had at least six or seven Americans in-dicted in this whole process. Recently, I think within the last few days, or maybe it was even today, Paul Manafort, chairman of the Trump cam-paign, objected to the indictment that he found himself under. He went to court and said that Mueller had exceed-ed his authority by bringing the indict-ment. The judge said: No, that indict-ment stands. There has been a lot of smoke. We know that there is some fire creating that smoke. We have got to find that. We have got to find precisely what hap-pened. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ), who has joined us and has got some thoughts about this that he will share. Mr. COURTNEY. First of all, I want to thank Congressman P
ERLMUTTER  and Congressman H
UFFMAN who have been, again, diligent in terms of com-ing to the floor on a regular basis to push back against what is clearly a pretty coordinated, concerted effort to discredit the Mueller investigation. It is really pretty disturbing on many levels, fundamentally because it is an attack on institutions within our coun-try which we all took an oath to up-hold and defend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.122 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4131 May 16, 2018 
The rule of law is, frankly, one of the fundamental pillars of this country in terms of being a free society. When you have folks who, again, are holding pub-lic office going beyond just disagree-ments of opinion regarding actions that all of us as public officials have to be held accountable for, but really to attack the institutions themselves, which is clearly the drumbeat of criti-cism of the Mueller investigation and where it is headed, is something that really we need to speak out and push back against. Again, the 1-year anniversary is, I think, a very important moment to step back and reflect in terms of where this investigation started and where it is today. Again, if you go back a year ago and look at the reaction that greeted this appointment from, again, Republican leaders, Newt Gingrich, Robert Mueller is a superb choice to be special counsel. His reputation is impeccable for hon-esty and integrity. Speaker P
AUL RYAN: ‘‘My priority has been to ensure thorough . . . inves-tigations are allowed to follow the facts wherever they may lead. . . . The addition of Robert Mueller as special counsel is consistent with this goal, and I welcome his role at the Depart-ment of Justice.’’ b1945 Senator C
ORYGARDNER : 
Robert Mueller had an incredible reputa-tion. 
Senator O RRIN HATCH : 
I commend the Department of Justice for bringing an independent voice to help clarify this situation. 
The list goes on and on. And again, why not? I mean, Robert Mueller is somebody who has a record of service to this country going back to when he was a marine in Vietnam. He led a rifle platoon, was wounded, received a Pur-ple Heart as well as the Vietnamese Cross of Gallantry and two Navy Com-mendation medals for his military service. He went on, obviously, to become a distinguished legal practitioner. He was appointed by President Bush to be the head of the FBI and did such a great job that, after his 10-year term, the U.S. Senate extended his term 2 years by a vote of 100–0. So when you are talking about some-body who has really earned a reputa-tion for being, really, a pretty conserv-ative prosecutor, both in terms of his time as a U.S. attorney and also in terms of his term as head of the FBI, we are dealing with someone who is be-yond reproach, frankly. And as was pointed out by Mr. P
ERL-
MUTTER , the decision came down at the Washington, D.C., district court by Federal Judge Amy Berman Jackson in a 37-page opinion which, again, pushed back very powerfully about the notion that somehow he has strayed from his mission that the Department of Justice gave him. Again, her decision, just in case after case, points out that the indictment of Manafort fell perfectly within the charge that he was given by Assistant U.S. Attorney Rosenstein, which, again, is to investigate other issues that ‘‘may arise from the investiga-tion.’’ Again, in the case of Manafort, we are talking about somebody who was squarely within the intelligence com-munity’s conclusion that the election was basically under attack from Rus-sians. Manafort’s connections to Ukrainian interests, which clearly were sort of on the Russian side of Ukrainian politics, is just an obvious place for the special counsel to pursue. Again, as you point out, the number of indictments, the number of convic-tions, clearly show that this is not a fishing expedition, it is not a witch hunt. It is a serious prosecution whose every-step-of-the-way actions have been ratified by the courts and also ratified by the appointing authority, Mr. Rosenstein. It is time for all elected officials to step back and let this process proceed. Again, the forensics on this in terms of just the endorsements to Mr. Mueller’s credibility and experience and knowl-edge in this area scream out for all of us to respect the rule of law and let this investigation proceed. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for holding this event on the 1-year milestone of the Mueller investigation. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, my friend from Connecticut has reminded me of something. And I think some-thing that has really infuriated me is the President’s attacks on the FBI, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, our chief and top law enforcement agency in this country. Is it perfect? Absolutely not. But are they doing their job to the best of their ability to protect Americans, to pro-tect America? Absolutely. And for the President to sort of just continue to chip away and to excoriate the FBI be-cause it is undertaking an investiga-tion that may implicate him in break-ing laws of the United States of Amer-ica, I think, is something that we haven’t seen. This investigation needs to continue to do its work, to talk to witnesses, to determine what has oc-curred here. The Senate Judiciary today, or with-in the last day or two, released thou-sands of pages of testimony and infor-mation. One of the places that it talked about was what happened at a meeting—I think it was at the Trump Tower—in June of 2016, so 5 months, 6 months before the election, between a Russian attorney. I think another Rus-sian was there; Paul Manafort, the chairman of the campaign; Jared Kushner, son-in-law of the President; and Donald Trump, Jr., his son. There is a lot of concern about what actually occurred in that particular meeting. There is a lot of material here that is very, very troubling. I know my friend from California has thought about this. He has thoughts about Mr. Giuliani saying that Donald Trump may take the Fifth Amend-ment, which I think came out of no-where. But why would he want to take the Fifth Amendment? Again, the question is: What is he hiding? What is he afraid of? Let’s just let law enforcement complete its work. Mr. Speaker, I yield back to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have a couple of thoughts. First of all, that infamous Trump Tower meeting in June of 2016 just stinks to high heaven; the gentleman is absolutely right. Any-one who looks objectively at what we know about that meeting, anyone who is not hosting a show on FOX News, at least, would feel that there is a big, big problem here and we have got to ask some hard questions. Of course, Donald Trump, Jr., ini-tially outright lied about it, said it was about adoption. And then we saw the full text of the email exchange, making it very clear that this was the front- end part of a quid pro quo between the Trump operation and the Russians, that this was the offer of assistance, of dirt, of a bombshell on the Clinton campaign. And of course that was greeted with enthusiasm by Trump, Jr., who hastily arranged the meeting, brought in the top brass, said he was very excited about it if it is what he thought it was. And then, when it proved not to re-veal that bombshell, he immediately expressed how disappointed he was, and some phone calls ensued. One of those phone calls was from a restricted num-ber, and he claims he didn’t remember exactly who that call was. Well, turns out his dad, our President now, has a restricted number. And that is a knowable fact. If our colleagues on the House Intelligence Committee were serious about this in-vestigation, they would find out who that phone call was to because it is one of the dots that could need to be con-nected around this very controversial Trump Tower meeting. But they are not interested at all. They didn’t ask those questions. They didn’t even re-quire Trump, Jr., to answer the ques-tions, and they have rushed to shut down their investigation. So that brings me to the other point. We have all talked about the threats to the Mueller investigation from Presi-dent Trump himself, but there is an-other threat from within these walls, from our colleagues on the House Intel-ligence Committee, who have taken this sacred trust of oversight that we have as Members of Congress and, un-fortunately, compromised it to the level that they seem to simply be fronting for the President instead of doing a genuine investigation. Unlike their colleagues in the Senate who at least acknowledge the obvious, that Russia was trying to help Presi-dent Trump in its interference, their report doesn’t even say that. And then they include a gratuitous statement that they find no evidence of collusion, despite everything we have been talk-ing about, everything that is already in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.123 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4132 May 16, 2018 
the public record. We have got a real problem within these walls that also threatens the investigation. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman talked about quid pro quo, and the thing that I am worried about, I serve on the Terrorism and Illicit Fi-nance Subcommittee of the Committee on Financial Services, where we deal a lot with sanctions: sanctions against North Korea, sanctions against Iran, sanctions against China, sanctions against Russia. With Russia having gone into Ukraine, Russia having gone into Crimea, and then Russia having interfered with our elections, a lot of sanctions are out there, but this ad-ministration seems to be using kid gloves in applying them. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman would yield. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Yes, I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman has just hit on the ‘‘quo.’’ We talked about the ‘‘quid’’: the solici-tations from Russia. Through Papadopoulos, even earlier, in April, the spring of 2016, those solicitations were welcomed and embraced by the highest levels of the Trump campaign, possibly even Mr. Trump himself. We need to nail down that phone call and a few other details. But now we are talking about the ‘‘quo’’ part: what would Russia get in return? And we know from undisputed evidence that Mike Flynn was working on sanctions relief even before they took office, during the transition, vio-lating, apparently, the Logan Act as he was doing it. We know that this Presi-dent and others in his administration have bent over backwards to try to cut Russia breaks on these sanctions. So, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is ex-actly right to focus on that obvious piece, the ‘‘quo’’ part of this seeming quid pro quo. That is another reason why we have to let this investigation run its course: so that we can find out exactly what happened here. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I know my friend from Connecticut has some other thoughts, so I yield to him. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, real briefly, again, as I mentioned earlier and the two gentlemen have alluded to, we are talking about an effort to dis-credit the Mueller investigation that I think, really, as all Americans, we really should be concerned about the questions about whether or not our court system is truly fair, whether or not the FBI, the leading law enforce-ment agency of this country, is cor-rupt, which is, again, some of the lan-guage that has been sort of tossed around by the President’s defenders. The harm that does in terms of really basic institutions in this country is something that I just think you can’t treat as normal political discourse. We are talking about real long-lasting harm to the country. Right now there are FBI counterter-rorism agents who are hard at work, literally, as we are standing here on this floor, keeping this country safe. They are involved in investigations of mass shootings. You see the FBI jack-ets when these events happen, and they were in Connecticut when Sandy Hook took place. I would just say, from a personal standpoint, my parents both served in the FBI. My dad was a G-man back in the day, and my mother actually was a clerical worker there. That is how they met, actually. So I guess you could say I was born under the watchful eye of the FBI. But the fact of the matter is that he was somebody who was very proud of his service. Again, it was during World War II. His job was actually tracking fifth columnists in the U.S. who were looking to cause sabotage to critical facilities in the country. Again, there are always, in every or-ganization, instances where there are bad apples. But the fact of the matter is, as an institution, in terms of law enforcement, these agents are out there every single day protecting this country; and to attack not just an indi-vidual decision but an institution is, again, the real sort of level that we are watching happen here with the pushback on the Mueller investigation, and it is just totally unacceptable. As I said, on the 1-year anniversary, it has proved its credibility, the Mueller team, in terms of concrete, real results. And the courts and, as I said, the Department of Justice have repeatedly reconfirmed and reaffirmed the rationale for the creation of the Mueller investigation and the fact that it is operating totally within the mis-sion and charge that was given. So I think it is important for all of us to continue to raise our voices and defend the rule of law and institutions that are out there to protect our Con-stitution and our democracy. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, we will wrap up this portion of our Special Orders because I know we have another subject that Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER and Mr. T ONKO would like to address. Mr. Speaker, the seriousness of this subject can’t be overstated: the impact on elections; the trust in our system of elections; the trust in our law enforce-ment; the trust in our courts; the trust, which is attacked by this Presi-dent and too many others, of our insti-tutions of the press, whether it is The Washington Post or The New York Times or somebody investigating. And it goes to trust of this Nation and what we have formed. And when you have got outside influences like Russia sticking their nose in our busi-ness and trying to put their thumb on the scale as to who should run this Na-tion, I can’t think of a higher crime. b2000 And we know the National Security Advisor for Donald Trump, Michael Flynn, indicted; Rick Gates, campaign advisor for the Trump campaign; George Papadopoulos, foreign affairs advisor for Trump campaign; Richard Pinedo; Alexander van der Zwaan—all indicted, sentenced, or at least pled guilty. Indicted still: the campaign chairman, Paul Manafort; 13 Russian nationals; and 3 Russian entities. This investigation needs to get to the bottom of all of this. We have got to try to figure out: Is there anything being hidden? Is there anything that we, as Americans, should know about this interference that we don’t know today? And our law enforcement offi-cers, from Robert Mueller to the FBI to the cop on the beat, need to be allowed to finish this investigation. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from California and my friend from Connecticut. I yield to my friend from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ) because she seems to be ready to go here. I don’t know about her two colleagues, the one from New York and the one from Or-egon, because they seem to be kind of getting ready but not nearly as ready as my friend, Congresswoman P
INGREE . Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend from Maine. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
ERLMUTTER for yielding, and I thank him for, really, the eloquent conversation he has been having for the last half an hour about the extreme importance of the investigation that is going on and recognizing the fact that this is the 1-year anniversary, and ob-viously, we still have a long ways to go. This is a very critical issue, and we need to continue to support Robert Mueller and the work that he is doing, and I am very grateful for all that is going on. May 17 is not only the first anniver-sary of that investigation, but it is also the day we started the debate on the farm bill. And for those of you who have been following this, you will see that this week there are going to be amendments and general debate around this particular bill. I have also been joined by a couple of my colleagues from SEEC, the Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition, because we want to talk specifically tonight about how this farm bill harms the environ-ment and conservation. You are going to hear all kinds of things about the farm bill. Some of the most egregious challenges are within the nutrition title, which takes up about 80 percent of the resources of the farm bill. But it is very important to talk about the role of the environment in this bill. A lot of people don’t think about the farm bill as an environmental bill, but actually, farmland accounts for over 40 percent of our Nation’s land, and what happens to farms and working forests has a huge impact on water quality, on wildlife, on environmental health, and the farm bill contains many provisions, some of which people don’t often know that much about, that are important to conservation programs for farmers. Farmers understand why it is impor-tant to care for the land that takes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.125 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4133 May 16, 2018 
care of them. They know that con-servation practices ensure that the re-source remains sustainable while help-ing them to save money, preparing for environmental issues like drought and extreme weather. Conservation prac-tices that sequester carbon in the soil, put more organic matter in the soil, have a huge impact on our ability to sequester carbon, which we all know is very important to issues around cli-mate change. I just want to go over a few of the highlights, or you could say the low lights, of this bill when it comes to en-vironmental practices, and then I am happy to share with several others who would like to talk about some of the programs, and we will have a little dia-logue about it. One of the things that happens is it eliminates the Conservation Steward-ship Program. These are financial in-centives for farmers to implement long-term conservation practices that benefit wildlife and natural resources, which also help their bottom line. Elimination of this program is about $1 billion cut for conservation. Also, within the program, they are folding in the Conservation Steward-ship Program into another program called EQIP, and these two programs will be worked together. And while maybe that sounds like it is stream-lining in Maine, we are worried that they will have far less in resources overall. In Maine, programs have been par-ticularly important to helping what has been a growth in small farms in our State and more resources to our farmers. People have built hoop houses, which extend our season and allow you to grow more in the early season and into the late season, helped with wells, composting facilities, a variety of other things. Now we are going to com-bine those programs, have less in re-sources, and farmers will just be fight-ing for far less dollars. The bill also eliminates a lot of man-datory funding. And one program I wanted to mention was the REAP pro-gram, Renewable Energy for America Program. I think many of us really care about renewable resources and al-lowing our farms and rural businesses to have more energy efficiency, use al-ternative energy improvements. This helps to reduce their environmental impact, and, again, their costs. It is very difficult to make a good living on a farm, and that has to be factored in as well. In Maine, the REAP program has helped install solar power, helped maple syrup producers reduce energy costs, generated energy from biomass, built more efficient processing sys-tems, built an anaerobic digester, and so much more. So this is also a very critical program that is now going to be changed in the way it is funded, and that means we can’t count on it going into the future. There are a lot of policy riders—and I am hoping my colleagues will talk about a few more of them—that will hurt farmers and the health of rural communities in many ways, and these have no place in the farm bill. One of them that I have heard a lot about from my constituents—and there is a lot of talk about—is the King amendment—the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING)—that would preempt local and State laws, which would preempt many of those laws that impact pes-ticides and animal welfare. Now, Maine, where we are a very out-spoken State, we believe in agri-culture, and we care deeply about the environment. We already have 30 com-munities that have local pesticide laws restricting pesticides. That would be eliminated under this because they would be preempted. We have other laws about crate sizes, breeding crate sizes, puppy mills; any of those kinds of things that regulate animal practices, States would no longer be allowed to do. This is not a good States’ rights issue. It is bad for the issues that we care about, and we should not allow this amendment to pass. There are also a variety of issues that would impact the Endangered Spe-cies Act. Now, we are lucky in Maine. Since 1978, when the impacts of DDT had reduced the number of bald eagles to about 20 nesting pairs, once that was eliminated and there was no more DDT, fast forward to today, in the last count, we have 500-plus bald eagles in our State. Almost everywhere in our State you can see a bald eagle out there fishing, doing its work. Well, the language in this bill would say that when reviewing pesticides and herbicides, there would no longer be any requirement for the EPA to con-sult expert wildlife agencies to identify and minimize impact to endangered species. Many of us are deeply worried about the effect on pollinators like bees and butterflies, which are criti-cally important to agriculture. We can’t exist without pollinators, and this is a terrible time to put them in further danger. I will just mention one more and then yield to a couple of my colleagues who are ready to speak. One provision in the farm bill would undermine the National Environmental Policy Act, that is, NEPA. Again, those are criti-cally important reviews that go on in anything that we do. To weaken that would harm our communities, our envi-ronment, and our public health. So I have done a little bit of a broad overview, and I could talk about things that frustrate me in this farm bill all night long, but I want to yield to one of my great colleagues from the State of Oregon, someone who represents the other Portland, as we say. I have the first Portland. Mr. Speaker, more importantly, I yield back to my friend from Colorado. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Maine. The farm bill—and agriculture and the environ-ment—is always something she cares a lot about, whether it is conversations about milk or eggs or local control, which is really sort of at the heart of her concern about this bill, that, you know, Maine, and its local govern-ments and the State as a whole, cares about its environment and it cares about its agriculture. And she, as a Representative, makes that clear to the rest of us how important it is to her State. So I thank the gentlewoman from Maine, and I now yield to my friend from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy in allowing us to join in this conversa-tion, and I strongly identify with what the Representative from the other Portland just said. In fact, North Haven, I am reflecting right now that, in 3 short months, dur-ing the summer recess, I plan on sit-ting on a deck looking out at North Haven and enjoying looking for those eagles that have been rescued and are very much in evidence in her beautiful part of the country. She is not just an advocate for the environment and for agriculture; she is a practitioner. And I have had an op-portunity to tour her magnificent farm in North Haven that is really a model of sustainability, showing really what value-added agriculture is, reclaiming the history of that island in terms of the bounty of the land. But that doesn’t happen by accident. It takes commitment and follow-through and, step by step, trying to harness the forces of sound agricul-tural policies, good environmental stewardship to be able to add value while it protects the environment. So I am looking forward to seeing her handiwork again this summer, and I deeply appreciate her leadership to-night in terms of the environment, what she cares about in terms of nutri-tion, celebrity chefs. There are a whole range of things, and it underscores why we are here talking about the farm bill. It is the most important legislation that most Americans pay no attention to. It is the most important piece of legislation that, sadly, few in the House of Representatives really drill down and look at what is in it. It will be the most important health bill that this Congress will pass or consider for the remainder of this session. We still subsidize a diet that makes Americans sick, paying too much to the wrong people to grow the wrong food in the wrong places, and it is the most impor-tant environmental bill, bar none. If you care about emissions of green-house gasses, the agriculture sector plays a role—9 percent, it is claimed statistically. But if you factor in all of the inputs in terms of pesticides and transportation, refrigeration, you will find that it is far greater than that, and these are elements that are within our control. The gentlewoman referenced the con-servation programs. It is interesting to me, in reading the guidance that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.126 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4134 May 16, 2018 
administration has put out about the farm bill and what they tout, they want to promote independence. They don’t want to support dependency. They want to have higher performance standards for projects that they are in-volved with, yet the farm bill that is being considered now by the Repub-licans undercuts performance stand-ards. When we eliminate, as the gentle-woman said, the Conservation Reserve Program, only one out of four con-servation grants is currently funded. There is not enough money, and they are going to reduce it $1 billion more while eliminating the Conservation Stewardship Program. It is also stun-ning when there is an opportunity to provide performance standards for con-servation. I have offered an amendment before the Rules Committee that would apply conservation standards, that you get conservation funding if you produce re-sults. But that is not the way it works now. The EQIP program, which hands out grants to help farmers improve the en-vironment, you look at the practices that are authorized under this bill, that are funded under this bill, there are six or eight of them that actually hurt the environment. They are not re-quired to enhance their environment. We pay for things like fencing and hog lagoons for big operations that ought to be able to pay their own way, and they take that money that would be available to other farmers and ranchers to be able to fund programs that would actually enhance the environment. I deeply appreciate the gentle-woman’s leadership, and I appreciate what my friend from Colorado has of-fered up. We have other colleagues here who have some things to say. I will hang tight for a moment in case we run out of speakers, but I want to cheer folks on because it is time that we put the spotlight on this egregious bill, the King amendment, the lack of account-ability, and wasteful spending. b2015 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oregon for those comments, who, as always, is very knowledgeable and passionate about the things that really matter to most Americans, and I thank him for being such an advocate for the environ-ment, always, every day. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), my friend. I know Mr. P
OLIS has some things he would like to add to this conversation. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the senior gentleman from Colorado for the time. Mr. Speaker, I want to discuss a cou-ple of the terrible conservation and en-vironmental bills that affect the dis-trict I represent, our State, and our country. As the gentleman from Oregon men-tioned, the elimination of the Con-servation Stewardship Program, a pro-gram that has been successful to help preserve over 70 million acres, is, frankly, inexcusable. The Conservation Stewardship Program supports farm-ers, ranchers, and owners of forests who want to pursue high-level con-servation stewardship activities. It is important to protect our watershed that our towns and communities rely on, to keep our air clean, to sequester carbon, to maintain diverse habitats for wildlife, and, yes, to keep our farms productive and sustainable in the long term. Working lands conservation pro-grams are so popular that the Natural Resources Conservation Service wound up having to have a waiting list. It had to turn away almost three-quarters of the qualified applicants. Under the pro-posal today it would have to turn away 100 percent of applicants. Now, they claim that they are con-solidating some programs into the En-vironmental Quality Incentives Pro-gram, or EQIP, but, frankly, those pro-grams are very different. Whereas, the Conservation Stewardship Program helps farmers and ranchers implement advanced conservation and stewardship systems to help preserve and protect the resources on their lands. EQIP is more of an introduction or on-ramp to working lands conserva-tion. It is on a one-time basis to help a specific conservation practice. It is not a program that designed, nor does it provide, assistance for long-term sus-tainability. That is why the Conservation Stew-ardship Program is so important for our forest health. Switching gears to our national forests, it seems that some Members of this body are still seeking to erode protections for our na-tional forests. One example in this bill, the Tongass National Forest, in Alaska, which is one of the crown jewels of our National Forest System, faces a huge threat with two amendments. One of those amendments in the bill, which was al-ready ruled in order last night without any debate, would exempt all of the Federal forests in Alaska—more Fed-eral forests than any State in the coun-try—to one of the most important con-servation safeguards: the 2001 Roadless Area Conservation Rule. The second amendment would over-turn the Tongass forest plan, which protects roadless areas and other eco-logically important lands from unsustainable logging, and charts a transition away from taxpayer sub-sidized, industrial scale, old-growth logging, to better and new forms of sus-tainable economic development. Our country’s old-growth forests are, frankly, a National treasure. Clear-cut-ting ancient forests not only com-promises our public lands; but it dev-astates and fragments habitat for wild-life, it introduces invasive species that compete with native species; and, yes, it pollutes the drinking water supplies for as many as 60 million people. The Roadless Rule is very important because it provides a balanced protec-tion between our old-growth forests and public roads, and hydropower projects. Its application in Alaska has a very positive impact on community access and economic development, and we need to maintain the rule. As representatives and stewards of our forests, under the U.S. Department of Agriculture, it is absolutely critical to protect our public lands. From the Clean Water Act to NEPA, which this bill would devastate for projects that are 6,000 acres or less, to the Endan-gered Species Act, which has had so many great successes, we need to pro-tect the tools we have to secure a safe environment and a diverse habitat for our wildlife. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league from Colorado, and others, for speaking out on the important environ-mental provisions in this bill. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for bringing up these important points, and I wish him well as he goes on about a campaign for Governor in the State of Colorado. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ), my friend, again, a tireless advocate for the envi-ronment. Obviously, New York pro-duces, especially in his part of the State, a lot of farms and a lot of agri-culture. This is a subject that he knows well. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ) for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I speak, this evening, joining with some members of SEEK. You heard earlier from the gentle-woman from Maine, who spoke of the SNAP cuts, the nutrition cuts. Con-gresswoman P
INGREE is absolutely right: It is a big portion of the farm bill. But, beyond that, I am horrified with this current farm bill that proposes many harmful provisions that would completely disregard some very bed-rock environmental laws. As one of the cochairs of SEEK, which aims for sus-tainable outcomes for energy and envi-ronment policy, you must speak to this bill, because it is so dreadful as it re-lates to our environmental and energy policy. This bill weakens environmental and public health protections against pes-ticides, many of which were established to protect the health of our children. Those protections that would be de-stroyed by this farm bill include allow-ing companies to spray pesticides into our waterways without even obtaining a Clean Water Act permit, endangering sources of drinking water and places where we swim and where we fish; pre-empts local governments from taking steps to protect their communities from pesticides; and weakens protec-tions for endangered species by elimi-nating the requirement to consult with Federal wildlife experts. These pesticides can elevate the risk of cancer and other chronic diseases. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.128 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4135 May 16, 2018 
Removal of Clean Water Act protec-tions, and the preemption of local ef-forts to protect communities, puts our public health at great risk. The International Agency for Re-search on Cancer in 2015 classified the pesticide glyphosate as a probable human carcinogen. The United States Geological Survey routinely finds glyphosate in our United States water-ways. EPA’s scientific review found that the pesticide chlorpyrifos in water and on food is unsafe for children and in-creases the risk of learning disabilities. Prenatal exposures to this chemical are associated with reduced IQ and de-layed motor development. Whenever chlorpyrifos is sprayed, it can cause immediate and long-term health harms to kids, to farmers, to farmworkers, and others who are exposed. These provisions also put our wildlife at risk. Decades ago, bald eagles and peregrine falcons were brought to the brink of extinction by the pesticide DDT. To address such issues, the EPA is re-quired, under the Endangered Species Act, to consult with the expert Federal wildlife agencies when approving chemicals that can harm endangered species. This bill eliminates that re-quirement, threatening endangered wildlife and hindering recovery of im-periled species. Our farm bill is about supporting farmers, strengthening communities, and providing food for America. Roll-ing back public health and wildlife pro-tections has no place in this bill. The cuts of $23-plus billion in SNAP benefits, kicking an estimated 1 mil-lion households off of the program and affects 265,000 children out of free school meals is torturous in its own right. Someone, today, earlier said: When I was a kid, my money for food pro-grams, for lunch programs was taken by the school. Now Congress is taking the money for school lunch programs away from the kids. Cuts of $800 million in conservation funding are devastating to our environ-ment, and the cutting of vital funding for renewable energy and energy effi-ciency in our rural communities, which will eliminate the Rural Energy for America Program, is going to be a great consequence of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I was compelled to come to the floor and join with my col-leagues as a member of SEEK that is looking for sustainable energy and en-vironment outcomes to speak against this bill, which is going to hurt the progress over the last decades that speaks to agriculture in America, farming in America, and the quality of life for children and families across this great land. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from New York for those comments. I can say, to those who are listening, that Mr. T
ONKO  serves on the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee and speaks up about the environment and about concerns about chemicals, the effects on public health, the effects on the environment, and I thank him for his advocacy. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND), my friend, for his thoughts on this particular sub-ject, a gentleman who is an outdoors-man, and talks about the farms and the cheeses of Wisconsin. He is here as a real advocate for his State. I am sorry that he has had the Green Bay Packers and they have fallen on hard times. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, even with that introduction, I thank my very good friend and colleague from Colo-rado for holding this Special Order. I am honored actually to be on the House floor with so many of my es-teemed colleagues, who have taken a back seat to no one when it comes to standing up for our natural resources: for the conservation title, specifically, of this farm bill. And I am looking at the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
IN-
GREE ) and the work that she has done on agriculture policy throughout the years, and her service to her district: the introduction of the local Farms Act that she has worked on in a bipar-tisan fashion. My friend from Oregon, who is one of the foremost thinkers and leaders when it comes to environ-mental policy, but the impact on our family farms throughout our country. This is an important moment, be-cause this is one of the more important bills that we have to consider in this session of Congress: the renewal of the farm bill. We have a chance every five or six years to take a look at the pro-gram to see what is working, what isn’t, and fix what isn’t working to make sure that we are empowering our farmers with the tools and resources that they need to be successful. I come from one of the largest agri-culture producing districts in the Na-tion, in rural western and north-cen-tral Wisconsin. It has been tough in farm country in the last few years, given where commodity prices have been, and, yes, where milk prices have been falling for the last 3 years. It is very difficult for these individual enti-ties and family farms to succeed with this very tough market that they are facing right now. That is why taking our time to get this farm bill done right is the appro-priate thing to do. But, unfortunately, the farm bill in its current form misses the mark in so many areas. There has been a lot of discussion about what is happening under the con-servation title, the elimination of the Conservation Stewardship Program, which has worked incredibly well, and has been very successful for my family farmers in Wisconsin. I come from a very hilly area with bluffs and coulees: a lot of highly sensitive and erodible land and a lot of water source. Being able to use a Conservation Stewardship Program that is built in for the flexibility for what my farmers need, and the technical assistance that they need, to put good conservation plans in practice is very important. As the previous speaker highlighted, too, the demand is overwhelming. Three out of every four farmers nationwide apply-ing for conservation funding assistance are currently turned away because of the inadequacy of resources. By eliminating the Conservation Stewardship Program and rolling it into the EQIP program eliminates $800 million worth of base funding. This comes on the heels of the previous farm bill, where there were $8 billion worth of cuts under the conservation title. We are not stepping up to address the need that exists in farm country; in-stead, we are rolling it back even fur-ther. But the problems with this farm bill don’t just end under the conservation title. Under title I commodity pro-grams, they are lifting the payment limitation caps that had been in exist-ence for some time. Now, pass-through entities will be able to qualify for these subsidy payments. I think the average viewer, and aver-age taxpayer, would be shocked to see the mailing addresses for these com-modity subsidy programs going to New York, Chicago, and San Francisco, end-ing up on the doorsteps of multi-mil-lionaires and billionaires, who are re-ceiving government subsidies under the commodity program. That is wrong. These people won’t even set foot on a family farm. Rolling back any protec-tions that exist under the multiple en-tity rule, which means that husbands, wives, daughters, sisters, sons, aunts, and uncles can qualify for the same payments, is also wrong. Finally, there is an opportunity to tighten the crop insurance program. Right now, it is prohibited from even tracking these crop insurance premium subsidies. You can’t even track it to the individual. If there is one thing that this farm bill should demand is complete trans-parency. The American taxpayer de-serves to know where their tax dollars are going, but they can’t now under the crop insurance program. That is some-thing else that I am trying to fix with an amendment. We are going to find out later today what amendments are made in order to try to improve this bill. It may be beyond salvage at this point coming out of the House, but we still have time later this year to do the right thing to make sure that this farm bill speaks to the needs of our family farmers back home and not to the pow-erful special interests here in Wash-ington. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague again for yielding me this time. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Wisconsin for those comments. He makes so many good points, and he does it in a way that really is understandable by all of us. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), my friend, if he wishes, to close. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.130 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4136 May 16, 2018 
b2030 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I ap-preciate that. It has been fun working with Con-gresswoman P
INGREE , with my friend R
ONKIND, looking at these programs over the years. There is a great essay written by Marion Nestle, an author, a professor of nutrition at NYU, and the title of the essay is ‘‘The Farm Bill Drove Me Insane.’’ As she tried to actually teach a class about the farm bill to graduate students, she dove into it and found that it was just hopelessly complex. What I appreciate about working with the gentlewoman from Maine and the gentleman from Wisconsin is it doesn’t have to be that complex. We ought to be able to strip this away, have a full and honest debate, and get to the basics that make the most difference for the American pub-lic. Hopefully this thing will collapse, and we will have some time this year to work on it and make it better. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
AETZ ). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in re-cess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 31 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2140 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) at 9 o’clock and 40 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 2, AGRI-CULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–679) on the resolution (H. Res. 900) providing for further consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, May 17, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 4850. A letter from the Under Secretary, Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a status report on the account bal-ance in the Defense Cooperation Account, as of March 31, 2018, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2608(e); Public Law 101-403, Sec. 202(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 112-81, Sec. 1064(7)); (125 Stat. 1587); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4851. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Promoting Voluntary Post-Award Disclosure of Defective Pricing (DFARS Case 2015-D030) [Docket: DARS-2015-0051] (RIN: 0750-AI75) received April 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4852. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Amendments Related to Sources of Electronic Parts (DFARS Case 2016-D013) [Docket: DARS-2016-0014] (RIN: 0750-AI92) re-ceived April 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 4853. A letter from the Chairman, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s 2017 Annual Report, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 1752a(d); June 26, 1934, ch. 750, title I, Sec. 102(d) (as amended by Public Law 95-630, Sec. 501); (92 Stat. 3680); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4854. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Definitions and Selection Criteria that Apply to Direct Grant Pro-grams (RIN: 1855-AA13) received April 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 4855. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Konjac glucomannan; Ex-emption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0249; FRL-9976-60] received May 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4856. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Duddingtonia flagrans strain IAH 1297; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP- 2017-0294; FRL-9977-31] received May 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4857. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Revisions to Permitting and Public Participation for Air Quality Permit Applications [EPA-R06- OAR-2017-0124; FRL-9976-95-Region 6] re-ceived May 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4858. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; New Jersey; Motor Vehicle Enhanced Inspection and Mainte-nance Program [EPA-R02-OAR-2017-0101; FRL-9977-61-Region 2] received May 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4859. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Georgia; Regional Haze Plan and Prong 4 (Visibility) for the 2012 PM2.5, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2008 Ozone NAAQS [EPA-R04-OAR-2016-0315; FRL-9977-49-Region 4] received May 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4860. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — State of North Dakota Un-derground Injection Control Program; Class VI Primacy Approval [EPA-HQ-OW-2013-0280; FRL-9976-92-OW] received April 24, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4861. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — New York: Incorpora-tion by Reference of State Hazardous Waste Management Program [EPA-R02-RCRA-2018- 0034; FRL-9974-06-Region 2] received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4862. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Chlormequat Chloride; Pes-ticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0661; FRL-9974-42] received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4863. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Bacillus subtilis strain FMCH002; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0186; FRL- 9971-55] received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4864. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Bacillus licheniformis strain FMCH001; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP- 2017-0185; FRL-9971-54] received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4865. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollutants; Mis-souri; Hospital, Medical, and Infectious Waste Incineration (HMIWI) Units [EPA-R07- OAR-2018-0005; FRL-9977-10-Region 10] re-ceived April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4866. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Control of Air Pollution from Visible Emis-sions and Particulate Matter [EPA-R06-OAR- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.132 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4137 May 16, 2018 
2017-0519; FRL-9977-04-Region 6] received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4867. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Arizona; Stationary Sources; New Source Review [EPA-R09-OAR-2017-0255; FRL-9977-23-Region 9] received April 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4868. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Louisiana; Inter-state Transport Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA-R06-OAR-2015-0851; FRL- 9977-02-Region 6] received April 27, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4869. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Delegation of Authority to North Carolina and the Western North Caro-lina Regional Air Quality Agency of Federal Plan for Existing Sewage Sludge Inciner-ation Units [EPA-R04-OAR-2018-0119; FRL- 9977-22-Region 4] received April 27, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4870. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Auc-tions and Spectrum Access Division, Wire-less Telecommunications and Media Bu-reaus, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Auction of Cross-Service FM Translator Con-struction Permits Scheduled for May 15, 2018; Notice and Filing Requirements, Minimum Opening Bids, Upfront Payments, and Other Procedures for Auction 99 (AU Docket No.: 17-143) received April 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4871. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency with re-spect to Yemen, declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, is to continue in effect beyond May 16, 2018, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 115—124); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 4872. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries — Southeast Region, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South At-lantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mex-ico; Modifications to Greater Amberjack Recreational Fishing Year and Fixed Closed Season [Docket No.: 171017999-8262-01] (RIN: 0648-BH32) received April 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 4873. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Secret Service, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Restricted Buildings and Grounds received April 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4874. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Federal Maritime Commission, transmitting the 56th Annual Report covering activities of the Federal Maritime Commission for FY 2017, pursuant to 46 U.S.C. 306(a); Public Law 109-304, Sec. 4; (120 Stat. 1489); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4875. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rules — Updating the Code of Federal Regulations [Docket No.: EP 746] re-ceived April 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4876. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Modifications to Definition of United States Property under Section 956 (Notice 2018-46) received May 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4877. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Empowerment Zone Designation Ex-tension (Notice 2018-47) received May 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 4878. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification to Congress under Sec. 609(b) of Public Law 101-162 Re-garding the Incidental Capture of Sea Tur-tles in Commercial Shrimping Operations; jointly to the Committees on Natural Re-sources and Appropriations. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 900. A resolution providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–679). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 5833. A bill to authorize appropria-tions for family unification vouchers for rental housing assistance, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. S ARBANES ): H.R. 5834. A bill to require the Attorney General to make competitive grants to State, tribal, and local governments to es-tablish and maintain witness protection and assistance programs; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-self and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas): H.R. 5835. A bill to amend title IV-A of the Social Security Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-self, Mr. R
ENACCI , and Mr. C URBELO of Florida): H.R. 5836. A bill to amend title IV-A of the Social Security Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama (for her-self and Mr. ROGERS of Alabama): H.R. 5837. A bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to modify provisions relating to the household water well system grant program; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. L
AHOOD: H.R. 5838. A bill to amend title IV-A of the Social Security Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. H
ULTGREN , and Mr. L IPINSKI ): H.R. 5839. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 to require the establishment of a small business voucher program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. S
ARBANES ): H.R. 5840. A bill to state the policy of the United States with respect to the extended nuclear deterrence posture of the United States in support of NATO and to direct the Secretary of Defense to provide Congress a briefing on such posture; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 5841. A bill to modernize and strength-en the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Energy and Commerce, Intelligence (Permanent Select), and Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska): H.R. 5842. A bill to amend title IV-A of the Social Security Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself and Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska): H.R. 5843. A bill to amend title IV-A of the Social Security Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 5844. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the site known as ‘‘Amache’’ in the State of Colorado; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for himself, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. A DAMS , Ms. B
ASS, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-gia, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\H16MY8.REC H16MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4138 May 16, 2018 
CLAY, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas): H.R. 5845. A bill to prohibit Members of the House of Representatives from using their congressional offices for personal overnight accommodations and to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a deduction for living expenses incurred by Members of the House of Representatives, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and Ethics, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, Mr. S
ANFORD , Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. D
EFAZIO): H.R. 5846. A bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study regarding the buyout practices of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self and Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska): H.R. 5847. A bill to amend title IV-A of the Social Security Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Mr. H
ARRIS , and Mr. O’R OURKE ): H.R. 5848. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to provide travel to Dover Air Force Base for family members of members of the Armed Forces who die outside of the United States but not in a theater of combat oper-ations so the family may receive the remains of the deceased; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S OTO, Mr. C APUANO , Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana): H.R. 5849. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to require that supple-mental nutrition assistance program bene-fits be calculated with reference to the cost of the low-cost food plan as determined by the Secretary of Agriculture, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 5850. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to waive the 90-10 rule for proprietary institutions impacted by Hurri-canes Irma or Maria; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KEATING (for himself and Mr. C
OOK): H.R. 5851. A bill to provide for the termi-nation of residential or motor vehicle leases and telephone service contracts for combat support agency personnel working in combat theaters of operation; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 5852. A bill to prohibit the expendi-ture of funds to carry out the Global Climate Change Initiative of the United States Agen-cy for International Development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska): H.R. 5853. A bill to prohibit assistance pro-vided under the program of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families from being accessed through the use of an electronic benefit transfer card at any store that offers marijuana for sale; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, and Mr. B IGGS): H.R. 5854. A bill to amend title IV-A of the Social Security Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for himself and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida): H.R. 5855. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to revise labeling requirements for fuel pumps that dispense E15, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida: H.R. 5856. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a deduction for certain charity care furnished by physicians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H. Con. Res. 121. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 2372; considered and agreed to. By Mr. WOODALL: H. Res. 897. A resolution electing Members to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H. Res. 898. A resolution directing the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Rep-resentatives relating to Department of Homeland Security policies and activities re-lating to homeland security information pro-duced and disseminated regarding cybersecu-rity threats posed by the ZTE Corporation, headquartered in Shenzhen, China; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CHABOT: H. Res. 899. A resolution requesting the Senate to return to the House of Representa-tives the bill H.R. 4743; considered and agreed to. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
198. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 15, memorializing Congress of the United States to take action on immigration re-form; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 199. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Con-current Memorial 2002, urging the Congress of the United States to act to increase the number of United States Customs Field Of-fice personnel at the ports of entry in Nogales, Douglas, and San Luis, Arizona; jointly to the Committees on Homeland Se-curity and Ways and Means. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 5833. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 and Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 5834. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Spending Clause, Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 5835. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 5836. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama: H.R. 5837. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. LAHOOD: H.R. 5838. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5839. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 5840. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 5841. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: to regulate commerce with foreign nations. By Mr. REED: H.R. 5842. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the Unite States.’’ By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 5843. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 5844. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 allows Con-gress to create national parks (or to create a study to determine the suitability and feasi-bility of designating the study area as a unit of the National Parks System) under the ‘‘Property Clause.’’ ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Terri-tory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16MY7.100 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4139 May 16, 2018 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 is a coeffi-cient clause which states that Congress gen-erally may assume additional powers not specifically listed in the Constitution, such as enacting a special resource study of a specified study area. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: HR. 5845. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 5846. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5847. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 5848. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to pro-vide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and support Armies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’ and ‘‘to make Rules for the Govern-ment and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 5849. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the Constitution of the United States. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 5850. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the Constitution of the United States of America All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 5851. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 5852. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7 By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 5853. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: H.R. 5854. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 5855. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida: H.R. 5856. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 154: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 233: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 398: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 489: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 681: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 712: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 754: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 781: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 788: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 811: Mr. J
ORDAN and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 846: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 1171: Mr. C
OOKand Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 1267: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 1279: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1300: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1318: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 1339: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 1377: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 1406: Mr. C
UMMINGS and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 1409: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 1472: Ms. D
ELAURO and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 1566: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1911: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2004: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2022: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 2259: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 2358: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B LUM, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 2401: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 2417: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. M CEACHIN . H.R. 2452: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 2486: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 2514: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. H ECK, Ms. E
SHOO , and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 2871: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 2917: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 2925: Mr. S
CHIFF and Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN . H.R. 2938: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2996: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 2999: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 3030: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. S MITH of New Jer- sey, and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 3186: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 3395: Mr. K
ILDEE and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 3409: Mr. C
URTIS and Mr. G OTTHEIMER . H.R. 3671: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 3738: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 3790: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 4158: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 4391: Mr. E
VANS and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 4425: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 4492: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 4505: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 4680: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 4714: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. G IBBS, and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4720: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 4732: Ms. M
CSALLY , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4944: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 4958: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4983: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 5011: Ms. M
ATSUI and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 5060: Mr. C
ARBAJAL and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 5121: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 5132: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi- gan, Mr. B
LUM, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. H IMES, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor- gia, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. F ASO, and Mr. B ERA. H.R. 5199: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 5244: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 5248: Mr. J
EFFRIES and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 5270: Ms. C
HENEY . H.R. 5288: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 5292: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5307: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 5358: Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Ms. T ENNEY , and Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 5395: Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. S
UOZZI , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5413: Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. T
AYLOR , Mr. B OST, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. K IND, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. B IGGS, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. R OG-
ERSof Alabama, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. A MODEI , Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 5415: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 5467: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 5472: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 5486: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. T AKANO , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 5517: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 5626: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 5628: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 5637: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5658: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 5665: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 5671: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 5682: Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mrs. H
ANDEL , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 5689: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 5694: Mr. G
ALLAGHER and Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 5706: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 5710: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 5715: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5728: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. M OORE , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 5754: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5761: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 5782: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 5795: Mr. R
ENACCI , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 5819: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. E
LLISON . H.J. Res. 129: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas and Mr. C
LYBURN . H. Con. Res. 8: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of Cali- fornia. H. Con. Res. 60: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H. Res. 69: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H. Res. 274: Mr. B
OST. H. Res. 401: Mr. G
ARAMENDI and Mr. S
MUCKER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.039 H16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4140 May 16, 2018 
H. Res. 750: Mr. P OSEY . H. Res. 763: Mr. B
RAT, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. L
ONG, Mr. B LUM, Ms. C HENEY , Mrs. M IMI W
ALTERS of California, Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. R
USSELL , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H. Res. 857: Mr. K
ILMER . H. Res. 861: Mr. C
URTIS and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H. Res. 869: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, and Mr. P ALLONE . H. Res. 881: Mr. B
RATand Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H. Res. 893: Mr. P
ASCRELL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.043 H16MYPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2687 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 2018 No. 80 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Spirit of the living God, fall afresh on us, molding and making us according to Your will. Thank You for the favor You show us, because we belong to You and have been chosen to fulfill Your purposes. Lord, help us to grasp the significance of Your unfolding provi-dence as You continue to sustain us with the many acts of Your faithful love. Today, inspire our lawmakers to work to the best of their ability, striv-ing always to do what is right for our Nation and world. Give them the wis-dom in their labors to depend upon Your mercy, power, and grace, believ-ing that You can do for them more than they can ask or imagine. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
AUL). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Mitchell Zais, of South Caro-lina, to be Deputy Secretary of Edu-cation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF PASTOR ANDREW  
BRUNSON  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, this is my third occasion on a speech that I wish that I didn’t have to give on the floor of the U.S. Senate, but I promise that I am going to give a speech on this subject every week that the Senate is open for as long as I am a U.S. Senator and there is a man in a Turkish prison who I don’t believe should be. This man’s name is Andrew Brunson, Pastor Brunson. He is a Presbyterian minister from Black Mountain, NC, who has been in Turkey for about the last 20 years with his wife. He raised his family there. He is a Presbyterian minister who at first just did ministry work. He didn’t have a church to actu-ally open up to the community. He just did ministry work—preached the Word and delivered the Word for the people in Turkey who wanted to hear it. It was a small church with only about 50 full-time members. It was a church that was just outside of Izmir. It was actually in Izmir proper, which is one of the larger cities in Turkey. As of today, this man has been in prison for 586 days. He was actually taken to prison, without charges, under the emergency order after the coup in 2016. He was put in prison on October 4, 2016. For almost 17 months, he was held in a prison cell that was designed for 8 prisoners but had 21 in it. None of the other ones were Amer-ican. None of the other ones were English speaking. Many of them were charged on either ISIS or terrorist charges or for plotting a coup attempt. He was in that prison for almost 17 months. He lost 50 pounds. His health diminished. His mental state, as any-one would expect, diminished. Yet he is a strong man of faith, and hopefully he will continue to have the strength to go through this horrible process. We have been handling this. We have what we call casework. If somebody in North Carolina needs help, whatever that may be, we encourage them to call our office, and we open a case. We do any number of things for veterans, for military families, for seniors—any-body. If you need help in getting through to the Federal Government, you call our office. So we opened a case on Pastor Brunson about a year ago, and we have been trying to work through diplomatic channels to get him released. About 3 months ago or 4 months ago, we heard that the indictment was going to be served on Pastor Brunson. I received word from some of the fam-ily members and people in the faith- based community that they were con-cerned that the American people were going to read the indictment and really judge him as guilty and turn their backs on him and have him languish in prison for what would be, essentially, a life sentence. He is 50 years old, and the charges would be up to 35 years. It was so important for me to have him know that we cared about him that I traveled to Turkey. I got a visa to go to Turkey and made a request to go to that Turkish prison and look Pastor Brunson eye to eye and tell him that we were not going to forget about him and that we were going to do ev-erything we could to work for his re-lease and the release of a number of other people who I genuinely believe, in Turkey, are subject to religious per-secution. I met with him in the prison for about an hour and a half. It turns out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.000 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2688 May 16, 2018 
that we had just found out that his first court date was going to be about 3 weeks later, so I decided to go back to Turkey 3 weeks later and be in that courtroom to hear the testimony for myself, to hear the 62-page indictment play out. I was in that courtroom from about 9 o’clock in the morning on Mon-day until about 10 o’clock that night. If you don’t know what a kangaroo court is and you can’t read it on this slide, just Google it quickly, because what I saw was a kangaroo court. First off, you should think about the setting. It is unlike any setting you could ever imagine in the United States. It doesn’t have a trial jury, but it has a three-judge panel up there, and the prosecutor is really elevated to al-most being another judge. The pros-ecutor was up at the dais. We were in a room that was about half the size of this room. It was maybe about two- thirds the size. It was a big room. The defense attorney was off to the side about another 30 or 40 feet, and the de-fendant was right in front of this panel of judges and was being looked down upon. He had to testify for 6 hours on his own behalf. One doesn’t have a choice in Turkey. Then they listed the charges. Why do I say it was a kangaroo court? Let me give a summary. I am not going to cover all of the charges because my time is limited today, but let me give a summary of some of the charges. In the time I was there, there were about a half dozen secret witnesses. The defendant didn’t get to face his ac-cusers. In Turkey, these secret wit-nesses can say what they want to say. The essence of one secret witness’s tes-timony was that he knew that Pastor Brunson was involved in either plot-ting the coup or in working with the PKK, which is a terrorist organization fundamentally made up of Kurds, be-cause he witnessed a light on in this church for 4 hours. First off, in the U.S. system, I know you are probably not going to get pros-ecuted for 35 years for having a light on for 4 hours—at least I hope not. Yet what makes this even more challenging is that this is the church. This church only seats about 120 people. It has two very small upstairs’ rooms. I know be-cause I have been there. We took these pictures when I visited Turkey after the visit to the prison. This is the room that is alleged to have had a light on for 4 hours, but there is one problem— no window, no way to possibly see into this room. In fact, the windows down-stairs are closed with storm—I am try-ing to think of the name—shutters, wooden shutters. There is no way you could even see in. Yet this witness had what they considered to be compelling testimony that a light had been on, and for that reason, the pastor had to have been involved in the terrorist plot or the coup. Another of the charges that have been alleged by the prosecution is that all of the churches in America are con-nected and that they actually work in unison in other countries to disrupt the governments of other countries. A Christian church may take the Word to people in other countries, but it is real-ly kind of organized as an intelligence- gathering and destabilizing force on be-half of the American Government in order to disrupt other sovereign na-tions. Literally, this is how they have been thinking, and this is what they have been using to prosecute him. It is a kangaroo court. I maintain that what we have is a hostage situation here. We have Presi-dent Erdogan saying: If we give him a pass, give us somebody we are trying to extradite from the United States. On the one hand, they say you have to work through the system, and we have to let justice be served. On the other hand, the President has said: If you give us somebody we are trying to ex-tradite from the United States, then we will give you Pastor Brunson. This is a hostage situation. This is religious persecution. I will finish with this. Turkey is a NATO ally. It is an important NATO ally. It has been in NATO since 1952. It is in a very dangerous part of the world. It has a lot of challenges that it has to deal with—the Syrian conflict and its own internal economic chal-lenges. There are a number of chal-lenges, and I understand that President Erdogan’s job is difficult. I would like to make it easier. As a co-lead of the Senate’s NATO Observer Group, I would like to actually strengthen our partnership and make safer and more secure its homeland and its threat from foreign adversaries. Yet, today, I have a NATO ally that is behaving like no NATO ally ever has in the history of the alliance. These are the sorts of things we are supposed to be doing as members of the NATO alli-ance, not illegally imprisoning for 586 days a Presbyterian minister. We will be doing the NDAA markup next week, which is the National De-fense Authorization Act. I will be working with other Members and will have to put forth provisions in the NDAA, which is the last thing that I would like to do. I would like to put provisions forward that strengthen the alliance with NATO, that send a very clear signal that we want to help them secure their homeland, and that send a clear signal that we want to work to-gether in the fight in Syria. But today I can’t have that as a priority. Today my No. 1 priority is releasing Pastor Brunson. I hope everybody understands that this is something that every-body—whether you are from North Carolina, North Dakota, or any State in this Nation—should all stand as a nation saying: This is not how you treat an American citizen and cer-tainly not a NATO ally. I look forward, hopefully, to never doing this speech again. I hope that by next week Pastor Brunson is free and that we sent a very clear message to all the other people in Turkey who are in prison because of their faith that this is unacceptable behavior. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
NOMINATION OF GINA HASPEL  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday, the Senate confirmed two more superbly qualified circuit court nomi-nees. Joel Carson and John Nalbandian are the 20th and the 21st circuit judges we have confirmed this Congress. This morning our colleagues on the Intelligence Committee finished their consideration of Gina Haspel to be CIA Director and reported her nomination favorably with bipartisan support. Ms. Haspel’s testimony and record have showcased the poise, talent, and experi-ence that make her an excellent selec-tion. Senators heard about her 30-plus years of CIA experience, spanning sen-sitive operations from the Cold War to the Global War on Terror. That back-ground makes Ms. Haspel an ideal pick at this particular moment, when Sec-retary Mattis has explained that coun-terterrorism and a renewed great- power competition are two of the key challenges facing our Nation. So it is no wonder that James Clap-per, President Obama’s Director of Na-tional Intelligence, said: ‘‘I think the world of Gina; she is capable, smart, very experienced, well-respected by the Agency rank and file, and a great per-son.’’ Just yesterday, our current DNI, Dan Coats, wrote in USA Today that ‘‘she is a person of high integrity with valu-able frontline and executive experience . . . who is willing to speak truth to power when required on behalf of our nation.’’ Gina Haspel is the right woman at the right time. Her nomination has support from national security leaders and Senators in both parties. There is no reason why her confirmation should be delayed, and I look forward to ad-vancing it expeditiously following the committee’s action. 
NET NEUTRALITY  
Mr. President, on another matter, over the last 20 years, the internet has yielded progress that was the stuff of science fiction just a generation ago. In so many ways it has spawned a new economy and fostered new connections across the country and the world. In large part these successes owe to a bipartisan consensus that Washington, DC, should be largely hands-off, but, of course, like every exciting new frontier of the economy, the internet attracted attention from the crowd that prefers to regulate first and ask questions later. In 2015 President Obama’s FCC set out to fix what wasn’t broken. It im-posed regulations designed for Depres-sion-era telephones on new tech-nologies that fit in our pockets. So 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.002 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2689 May 16, 2018 
much for the light-touch approach that helped the early internet grow. Last year, under the leadership of Chairman Ajit Pai, the FCC sought to rectify this mistake and restore the rules that helped the internet flourish while still protecting consumers from abuses. The resolution Democrats are putting forward today would undo that progress. It would reimpose heavy- handed Depression-era rules on the most vibrant, fast-growing sectors of our economy. It is wrong on the mer-its. It is also the wrong way to go about this process. The CRA is useful when it lets elect-ed representatives rein in regulatory overreach by unelected bureaucrats, but this resolution doesn’t seek to rein in overregulation. It seeks to reimpose it. What is worse, by using the CRA mechanism, the Democrats seek to make the 2015 rules permanent going forward. The CRA would handicap this FCC or future FCC’s ability to revise the rules even if provisions were widely seen as necessary. There is a better way to proceed. It is called bipartisan legislation. Senator T
HUNE has reached out to the Demo-crats on the committee to draft inter-net ‘‘rules of the road’’ for the 21st cen-tury—a set of rules that would safe-guard consumers but still prevent regu-lators from stifling innovation at every turn. Already, multiple Democratic colleagues have drawn the same con-clusions with regards to preemptive overcorrection by the FCC. The senior Senator from Florida and the junior Senator from Hawaii, for example, have both expressed a desire to collabo-rate on bipartisan legislation. But Democrats have already made clear that the resolution today is about the elections in November. They know they will not ultimately be successful, but they want to campaign on their de-sire to add new regulations to the internet. This resolution takes us in the wrong direction, and we should re-ject it. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, on one final matter, later today I will be meeting with members of an industry with deep roots in my home State of Kentucky— our bourbon and spirits distillers. Judging by recent headlines, we will have plenty of good news to discuss. After 8 years of Democrats’ policies en-riching big cities but leaving small businesses behind, Republican policies are helping workers and job creators to thrive all across our country. From Louisville to Kansas City to Portland, our growing craft distilling industry is a perfect example. They are enjoying a pro-growth provision in the historic tax reform Republicans passed last year, which lowered excise taxes on beer, wine, and spirits and modernized the regulatory policy affecting each. Interestingly enough, the Craft Bev-erage Modernization and Tax Reform Act even began as a bipartisan effort with 56 cosponsors here in the Senate, led by Senators B
LUNT , W YDEN , and P
ORTMAN . Of course, not a single Democrat showed up when it was time to vote on tax reform. But Republicans accom-plished it anyway, and now the New York Times can publish stories about how the measure is making a big dif-ference for small craft distillers. As one such report puts it, distilling is a burgeoning source of jobs, tax rev-enue, and tourism dollars in every State. For example, the Kentucky Dis-tillers’ Association reported that just last year the bourbon industry ac-counted for 17,500 jobs and over 1 mil-lion visitors to my home State. That is a big shift from the so-called Obama recovery, when almost all the limited jobs and investment poured into the biggest cities. But it is a new day. Now, FEW Spirits, in Illinois, has hired more workers and is replacing its overseas glassmaker with an American one. J. Rieger & Co., in Missouri, has found extra room in the budget to ex-pand its sales team and begin selling its products further across the country. In the Democratic leader’s own back-yard of Brooklyn, the New York Dis-tilling Company recently cut the wholesale case price on its signature gin by more than 50 percent. According to one of its cofounders, Allen Katz, ‘‘the reaction from our industry peers has been jaw-dropping.’’ In Kentucky, which is home to more than 50 distill-eries, there are plenty of examples to choose from. Thanks to the lowered ex-cise tax, Casey Jones Distillery, a small operation in Hopkinsville, is growing its team, increasing produc-tion and planning to enhance its event space. Copper & Kings, in Louisville, has been able to hire more workers and is preparing to expand its warehouse and add a new bar for guests. The Cop-per & Kings team recently shared with me that tax reform is ‘‘one of the most important initiatives [the Senate] could pursue to help create jobs for small businesses in Kentucky.’’ My Democratic colleagues failed to block tax reform last year, and now they want to just keep arguing about it. They even propose to repeal it and roll back Americans’ tax cuts, but en-trepreneurs across the country are lov-ing our new 21st century Tax Code. They are using it to expand operations and to create jobs. It is hard to argue with results—not that it has stopped our Democratic friends from trying, and I am sure they will continue to try. But Republicans will stay focused on taking steps like these and raising a glass to America’s small businesses. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NET NEUTRALITY  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, today is a monumental day. Today is the day the U.S. Senate votes on the future of the internet, the most powerful plat-form for commerce and communica-tions in the history of the planet. Today, we show the American people who sides with them and who sides with the powerful special interests and corporate donors who are thriving under this administration. Today, we vote on my Congressional Review Act resolution to save net neu-trality. Net neutrality may sound com-plicated, but it is actually very simple. After you pay your monthly internet bill, you should be able to access all content on the web at the same speed— no slowing down certain websites, no blocking websites, and no charging you more to exercise your 21st century right to access the internet. It is as simple as that. If that sounds like common sense, you are not alone. In fact, according to a recent poll, 86 percent of Americans support net neutrality. This isn’t a par-tisan issue; 82 percent of Republicans support net neutrality. Every day, we are told that this country is more divided than ever, that our differences outnumber our similar-ities. Well, the American people agree on net neutrality. They agree that the internet is for everyone. They agree that we cannot afford to blindly trust a few internet service providers—AT&T, Comcast, Verizon, Charter—to put con-sumers first. Yet, once again, the Trump administration has neglected the will of everyday Americans and given a gift to the rich and the power-ful. In December, the Trump Federal Communications Commission elimi-nated the very rules that prevent your internet service provider from indis-criminately charging more for internet fast lanes, slowing down websites, blocking websites, and making it hard-er and maybe even impossible for en-trepreneurs, job creators, and small businesses—the lifeblood of the Amer-ican economy—to connect to the inter-net. The Trump Federal Communications Commission picked clear winners and losers when it repealed net neutrality. When the Federal Communications Commission decision takes effect on June 11, Big Telecom will have new tools to inflate profits, but Americans and small businesses that use the internet to do their jobs, communicate with each other, and participate in civic life will be left defenseless. Don’t be fooled by the army of lobby-ists marching the Halls of Congress on behalf of the big internet service pro-viders. They say that we don’t need these rules because the internet service providers will self-regulate. Blocking, throttling, paid prioritization—these harms are alarmist and hypothetical, they say. Well, that simply is not the case. These practices are very real, and in a world without net neutrality, they may become the new normal. But don’t just take my word for it. Let’s look at the facts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.004 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2690 May 16, 2018 
In 2007, an Associated Press inves-tigation found that Comcast was block-ing or severely slowing down BitTorrent, a website that allowed con-sumers to share video, music, and video game files. From 2007 to 2009, AT&T forced Apple to block Skype and other competing services from using AT&T’s wireless network to encourage users to purchase more voice minutes. In 2011, Verizon blocked Google Wallet to pro-tect a competing service it had a finan-cial stake in developing and pro-moting. There is no shortage of evidence that we need clear and enforceable rules of the road so that these discriminatory practices do not become commonplace schemes that consumers and small businesses must suffer through without any options for recourse. This isn’t the first time Congress has had to step in to protect the integrity of the marketplace. In the 1800s, we didn’t have the information super-highway. We had railroads. American farmers used trains to deliver their products to consumers, and powerful railroad trusts started charging certain farmers higher rates to move their goods. Congress stepped in and passed the Sherman Antitrust Act to put a stop to this price discrimination. Today, we have left the steam engine era, and we have moved into the search engine era. Internet service providers are the 21st century trusts controlling the channels of commerce. And in 2018, many American job creators aren’t moving alfalfa seeds; they are moving kernels of ideas for the next big app, the next new startup. Net neutrality is about continuing the American tradition of promoting competition and providing the level economic playing field we need to con-tinue to prosper in this rapidly chang-ing global economy. But net neutrality isn’t just an economic issue; it is also central to the health of our democracy. Over the past several months and years, Americans all over the country from all walks of life have mobilized and marched, fighting for progress and change—Black Lives Matter, the Wom-en’s March, the ‘‘me too.’’ movement, high school students demanding gun control, teachers calling for fair pay. Today citizens of all walks of life are carrying the torch of American activ-ism, and they are doing it online. In 2018, this is how the American peo-ple are organizing. This is how the American people are doing the indis-pensable work of an active citizenry. This is how the American people are speaking truth to power. Asking individuals to pay extra to speak out for what they believe in, al-lowing companies to stifle or even block access to certain ideas—that isn’t who we are as a country. It isn’t consistent with the values of non-discrimination. Net neutrality is the free speech issue of our time, and the well-being of our precious democracy depends on the public having equal, un-fettered access to the internet. Today, the U.S. Senate will show its true colors. It will either heed the calls of thousands of small businesses that have written in support of this Con-gressional Review Act resolution and the millions of Americans who have sent letters, posted tweets, and made calls defending net neutrality or the Senate will give another present to the rich and the powerful. The Senate will either follow the ex-ample of Governors, State legislators, and attorneys general all over the country who are fighting to save the internet as we know it or it will let President Trump, once again, break his campaign promise of putting average Americans ahead of swampy special in-terests. It will either stand up for the principles that have allowed the U.S. internet economy to become the envy of the world or it will make another unforced error that threatens our long- term competitiveness. I urge my colleagues to make the de-cision our constituents—with one voice—overwhelmingly are asking us to make. I urge my colleagues to vote yes on this Congressional Review Act resolution to restore net neutrality, to restore the principle of nondiscrimina-tion, to restore the protections for small startups, for individuals in our country so that they cannot be dis-criminated against online. This is net neutrality day here on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Today is the day of reckoning, when the Trump Fed-eral Communications Commission is going to have their act judged by the U.S. Senate. My hope is that before the end of this day, the Senate will vote to overturn the Trump FCC and restore net neutrality, restore the principle of nondiscrimination, restore the prin-ciple of equality, restore the principle that small software and internet startups are given the same protec-tions that the biggest companies in our country are provided. Today is the day. Net neutrality is the vote that will determine whether we are going to give those protections to every American. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic Leader is recognized. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, this week is National Police Week. It is a time to honor the brave men and women who put their lives on the line every day to keep our streets safe. Every morning, police officers all across the country wake up, put on their uniform praying for the kind of day the rest of us typically enjoy: a routine one. Praise God, most days that is the case, but sometimes our po-lice officers are asked to put their own lives at risk in defense of others. Back in my hometown, New York, we are protected by the finest law enforce-ment organization in the world—the NYPD. Just 2 weeks ago, two rookie New York police officers, Flavio Chauca and Jason Truglio, rushed into a burning apartment building and up nine flights of smoke-filled stairs to pull several people to safety. It was an extraordinary act of heroism—and just another day in the line of duty for the over 35,000 men and women of the New York Police Department. All of us in Congress are indebted to the U.S. Capitol Police who spend long hours protecting us every day. We saw their bravery in action last year when a gunman attacked a congressional baseball practice. If it weren’t for the grit and valor of Officers David Bailey and Crystal Griner, things would have gotten much worse. We should all take a moment to thank the hard-working law enforce-ment officers at the FBI. Over the last year, our Nation’s top law enforcement officers have been unfairly maligned by this President. It is unheard of, par-ticularly on the Republican side, to be so anti-law enforcement, and it ma-ligns the brave men and women who work under them too. Our FBI agents are patriots, just like the men and women out on the beat. So, today, I salute the men and women in blue, particularly my friends at the NYPD and our fine Capitol Po-lice, as we commemorate the lives of their colleagues lost in the line of duty. NORTH KOREA  
Mr. President, last night, we received reports that Kim Jong Un is threat-ening to pull out of a planned meeting with President Trump as a result of the routine and scheduled joint military exercise by American and South Ko-rean forces. After weeks of halting progress, it is a reminder that the North Korean re-gime has not suddenly moderated. Re-member, all that has happened so far is, North Korea has announced it is closing a nuclear test site that was defunct anyway and returned American citizens they never should have de-tained. We are all thankful those three Americans have returned home, but it was not some major give by Kim Jong Un. Americans should never be impris-oned unlawfully by a foreign power and treated as diplomatic bargaining chips, and we, as a country, should not be giv-ing huge kudos to a leader who does just that. President Trump, on the other hand, made a significant concession when he agreed to meet with Kim Jong Un. We are rooting for the President’s gamble, with this mischievous and dangerous regime, to work. Now that push is com-ing to shove, Kim Jong Un is baiting the President into making more con-cessions to ensure a meeting that was a concession to them in the first place. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.005 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2691 May 16, 2018 
I strongly urge President Trump: Mr. President, don’t give Kim Jong Un any-thing for free. North Korea is threat-ening to cancel the summit over our joint military exercises with the South. That would be a mistake. It would be a mistake for the President to cancel this exercise, to begin making further concessions before Kim has dis-mantled a single nuclear weapon or agreed to a single inspector. If we show weakness—if the minute Kim Jong Un threatens, we go along, he will con-tinue to take advantage of us. We must show strength and fortitude. By con-tinuing these military exercises, we will do just that. I urge the President to not even blink an eye but say we are going forward with these exercises. We have seen North Korea play these games before. When North Korea wants or needs something, exercises are a problem. When they don’t need some-thing, the exercises are not a problem. Kim is clearly testing the United States and President Trump, trying to see if there is any weakness or despera-tion or division on our side. We must be strong. We must be resolute. This exercise should move forward. The best way to head into these ne-gotiations with the North is to make clear that we will not be bullied and to show strength. We have to be willing to walk away from an insufficiently ro-bust deal, and making concessions be-fore we even sit down at the table would send the opposite signal. To achieve an enforceable, verifiable, and enduring agreement to denuclearize the North Korean Peninsula, the United States cannot give away lever-age before even getting in the room. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. President, on another matter, the Judiciary Committee report, this morning Republicans on the Judiciary Committee released the transcripts of interviews conducted as part of its in-vestigation into Russian meddling. It was a perfunctory move, apparently in-tended to signal the end of the Judici-ary Committee’s on-again, off-again, halting investigation. Senate Judiciary Committee Repub-licans are rushing to declare their in-vestigation complete when they have barely scratched the surface. After more than a year of intermittent ef-fort, Senate Republicans have inter-viewed only 12 witnesses in total. Today they are releasing the tran-scripts of the testimony of just five witnesses who were interviewed about the notorious June 2016 Trump Tower meeting. One of the witnesses, an infa-mous, Kremlin-connected lawyer, was allowed to provide only written an-swers—no followup questions, no prob-ing. Astoundingly, our Republican friends decided not to even interview two of the other key participants in that meeting—Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort. To call the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee’s Trump-Russia investigation halfhearted is too generous. It has been no different from the effort taken by Representative NUNES . It is designed to let the President and his lawyers inter-fere with the Mueller probe and to get a peek at any potential evidence. That is why the Democrats on the committee, led by Senator F
EINSTEIN , have today released a document detail-ing the open threats of the committee’s investigation—the interviews not con-ducted, the leads not followed. The in-formation Judiciary Committee Demo-crats provided today shows one thing: Committee Democrats have made crys-tal clear that committee Republicans are prematurely saying ‘‘pencils down.’’ There is much left to inves-tigate, many witnesses still to be heard, and many facts left to follow. The message of Senate Republicans on this investigation is ‘‘Pay no atten-tion to the man behind the curtain.’’ The American people will not be fooled. They know the difference be-tween a genuine search for truth and a whitewash. I remain hopeful that Senators Burr and Warner are running down every lead and every thread, but there is no doubt that the Senate Intelligence Committee’s investigation will be the next target of the President’s talking heads on FOX News. 
PRESCRIPTION DRUGS  
Mr. President, finally, on prescrip-tion drugs, I read a headline in this morning’s Washington Post: ‘‘Trump’s drug price retreat adds to list of aban-doned populist promises.’’ That head-line is spot-on. The President has re-peatedly talked like a populist but gov-erned like a plutocrat. On taxes, the President said that his bill would be for the middle class. It turned out to be a trillion-dollar boon-doggle for the rich and powerful. On prescription drugs, it is no dif-ferent. After saying that pharma-ceutical companies were getting away with murder and that he would bring down prices, President Trump proposed only the policies most palatable to the drug industry. Just today, I read about a company that proposed tripling the price of a widely used cancer drug. They ulti-mately backed down after a public out-cry, but it shows that this problem isn’t going away anytime soon. We Democrats have proposed an inde-pendent group to go after egregious in-creases in drug prices, such as the one mentioned about cancer drugs today. Where is the President on this issue? He has to walk the walk, not just talk the talk. As President Trump was giving his speech last Friday outlining his plan on prescription drugs, guess what the reaction was. The stocks of major pharmaceutical companies shot up-ward. That says all you need to know about how tough President Trump’s plan on prescription drugs really is. Just like the issues of taxes, healthcare, infrastructure, and drain-ing the swamp, on the issue of prescrip-tion drugs, President Trump continues to fail to deliver for the middle class. I yield the floor. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, today the Senate is finally voting to confirm a well-qualified nominee, BG Mitchell Zais, to serve as Deputy Sec-retary at the Department of Education. I worked to get a time agreement for this vote because General Zais did not deserve to be subject to the Democrats’ unreasonable and unnecessary obstruc-tions and delays. For example, General Zais was nominated on October 5, 2017, 223 days ago, and the HELP Committee approved his nomination for the first time on December 13, 2017, 154 days ago. Because the Democrats forced his nomination to be returned to the Presi-dent at the end of the session in De-cember, the HELP Committee had to approve his nomination again on Janu-ary 18, 2018, after he was renominated. It is time to confirm General Zais and give Secretary DeVos a Deputy Secretary. He has extensive experience working in education and in govern-ment. From January 2011 to January 2015, General Zais served as South Carolina’s elected State Super-intendent of Education. Before that, he was president of Newberry College in South Carolina for 10 years. He also served as a commissioner on South Carolina’s Commission on Higher Edu-cation for 6 years. Further, after 31 years in the U.S. Army, he retired as a brigadier general. He graduated from West Point, has a Ph.D. from the Uni-versity of Washington, as well as an honorary doctorate of education from the Citadel. As Deputy Secretary, his job will be to help the Secretary manage the De-partment of Education, which includes implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act. I am glad we are having this vote today. I support his nomina-tion, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port him as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, this is National Police Week, and I join my colleagues in saluting all of our law en-forcement personnel and our brave men and women who have put their lives on the line every single day to keep our communities safe. 
NET NEUTRALITY  
Mr. President, turning to another subject, net neutrality, protecting a free and open internet is something every American should care about. Re-storing net neutrality protections is about more than just what shows we can watch on Netflix and Hulu. We de-pend on the internet for nearly every-thing in our lives—from staying in touch with loved ones on social media to communicating with doctors and paying our bills. It is also about pre-serving access to information in times of need. Over the past month, Hawaii resi-dents have depended on the internet to access lifesaving information and to communicate with their friends and family during a series of devastating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.006 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2692 May 16, 2018 
natural disasters. On April 15 and 16, nearly 50 inches of rain fell on Hanalei on the North Shore of Kauai, setting the record for the largest rainfall in a 24-hour period in American history. This storm destroyed many homes, triggered mudslides that closed Kuhio Highway, and damaged local busi-nesses. That same storm also caused widespread flooding and damage on an-other island in East Oahu. In an event that has drawn inter-national attention, volcanic activity on Hawaii Island—including fissures, along the Kilauea east rift zone, around 100 earthquakes per day, lava eruptions, and significant ash fall events—has already destroyed 40 struc-tures in the Puna community. More than 2,000 residents have been evacu-ated as the lava continues to flow and toxic sulfur dioxide pollutes the air. Residents on Kauai, Oahu, and the Big Island have depended on a free and open internet to receive up-to-the- minute, lifesaving information from local media, as well as from Federal, State, and local governments. Rules on net neutrality established by the Obama administration pre-vented internet service providers— ISPs—from discriminating against and blocking content. These essential pro-tections help to ensure a level playing field for all content providers and con-sumers, but under the leadership of Donald Trump’s handpicked Chairman, the Federal Communications Commis-sion issued an order late last year that would completely eviscerate net neu-trality protections. Internet service providers looking to maximize profits should not be able to restrict access to information or slow speed for providers unable to pay more, particularly during a natural disaster or other emergency. During the flooding on Kauai and Oahu and the ongoing volcanic activity on Hawaii Island, local news providers have been a critical lifeline for local residents in search of timely, accurate, and understandable information. Tradi-tional newspapers like the Honolulu Star-Advertiser, the Garden Island, and the Hawaii Tribune-Herald, as well as online news sources like Honolulu Civil Beat, Big Island Now, and Big Island Video News have provided an essential service to the public. Through their websites and social media channels, these news sources have provided de-tailed reporting about the precise loca-tion of hazardous locations, where evacuees can find shelter and essential services, and where the public can make donations of clothing and non-perishable food. Television stations like Hawaii News Now, KITV, and KHON have also used their websites and social media platforms to livestream news reports that have been a critical lifeline for local residents and for their families and friends. National and international journal-ists have also drawn on the work of local Hawaii journalists to report their stories to a national and international audience. The good work of journalists at Hawaii News Now, KITV, and An-thony Quintano at Civil Beat, for ex-ample, is being seen by people across the country and around the world on CNN and NBC News, among others. The response of these local news outlets to natural disasters in Hawaii dem-onstrates why they are so important to the communities they serve. These news outlets depend—depend—on a free and open internet to deliver their con-tent to consumers where and when they need it. For an industry already facing a funding crisis driven by declining ad-vertising revenue, the rollback of net neutrality would have a devastating impact on local news. A 2017 report by Adam Hersh at the Center for Internet and Society at Stanford University co-gently summarizes what is at stake. According to his report, local news sources would be particularly hard hit if ISPs could charge access fees, block traffic from certain providers, throttle speeds, and charge fast-lane fees in ex-change for preferential treatment. Huge media conglomerates would have little trouble paying for access, but local papers like the Star-Advertiser and nonprofit news sources like Civil Beat could be hard hit or even driven out of business. In addition to the impact on local news providers, repealing net neu-trality could make it more difficult and expensive for relief organizations to collect donations for people affected by natural disasters. The Pu’uhonua o Puna community center, for example, is using social media to organize a community and statewide relief re-sponse to help families affected by vol-canic activity. Using their online plat-form, the center is coordinating dona-tions, identifying families requiring special assistance, and connecting evacuated residents with people who can help. Eliminating net neutrality would also have a negative impact on small businesses in Hawaii, including those hard hit by recent disasters and those affected by decreased visitor access. Small businesses depend on high-speed and high-quality internet to reach their customers and grow their busi-nesses. We all know this. We had a Small Business Committee meeting hearing yesterday, where it was acknowledged that small busi-nesses depend very much on the inter-net and free and open access. These businesses don’t have the resources to compete in a pay-to-play system on the internet. It is because of stories like these that a bipartisan group of Senators is forc-ing a vote to save net neutrality. An internet service provider should not be able to restrict access, especially—es-pecially—during a major disaster, such as those being experienced in Hawaii, just so they can make more money. I encourage all of my colleagues to join this effort and pass this resolution to prevent the elimination of net neu-trality today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Hawaii, and our sympathy is with the State of Ha-waii as they respond to this volcanic eruption. I noticed on the news this morning that they were referencing it could be as bad as Mount St. Helens. Trust me, that had a devastating im-pact on our State. I hope that all Fed-eral agencies are helping in whatever ways they can with Hawaii’s natural disaster. I also thank her for talking about the importance of net neutrality. I, too, have come to the floor to defend the open internet. It is a pro-consumer, pro-innovation rule that we have to build on because it is worth 7 percent of our GDP and 6.9 million jobs. That is what the internet economy is. The net neutrality rules that we are fighting for today have four bright-line rules that help businesses, help con-sumers, and help our internet economy to grow. They are these: No. 1, don’t block content; No. 2, don’t throttle content—that is, don’t slow it down— and No. 3, don’t create paid prioritization, which is like in the Burger King ad saying: If you want the next Whopper available, pay $15. I think they did a pretty good job of showing what would happen if you had every business operating that way. No. 4 is transparency, to make sure that you know exactly what you are getting charged for. The Obama-era Federal Communica-tions Commission adopted rules that basically protected consumers and businesses on those four things. Why did they do that? Because there were some who were trying to eke their way into making more money off of con-sumers and businesses on what is basic service. Title II was the regulatory frame-work that the Obama-era FCC used to make sure that consumers were pro-tected. They were the strongest tools available, and they helped to make sure that there was not monopolistic behavior that would harm businesses. The rule that was established by the then-Federal Communications Com-mission was an open internet with the FCC being the cop on the beat. That is to say, if you have these rules, you also have to have someone who is going to enforce them, someone who is going to look at the monopolistic behaviors of cable companies or providers and say: That is unfair to consumers and busi-nesses. But under the Trump-era FCC, all of those rules were thrown out. That is why we are here today. I and my col-leagues are saying that we want to go back to the protections of the internet that are called ‘‘net neutrality’’ to make sure that the FCC—instead of a passive entity that just OKs every charge that cable companies want to do—says: These are rules about not slowing down content, not engaging in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.008 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2693 May 16, 2018 
monopolistic behavior. These things are wrong, and we are going to be the policeman on the beat. The FCC can protect consumers and innovators, and they can make sure that internet traffic does not violate an open internet. But, as I said, the Trump-era FCC is trying to throw out these strong rules, and cable companies are already—already—starting to raise prices for higher speed. In Vancouver, WA, Comcast recently announced that higher speed tiers would be available but only to con-sumers who purchase expensive paid TV-internet bundles. That is why we are here. Because while it sounds like: Why do we want to give cable compa-nies the opportunity to throttle, block, or create paid prioritization, we also have to realize that today the internet economy is so much bigger than it has ever been; that it is a job creator and an innovator. In my State, it is 13 per-cent of our economy, and thousands of jobs that continue to grow every day as new applications for the internet are created. It is so important that businesses, which are even using these apps to help run their businesses more efficiently, continue to get access to those tools. But what about an internet in which a cable provider decided to artificially slow down that website and thereby create a disincentive for the very things that are helping to make our businesses more efficient? So we want to make sure that the FCC does its original job. What is that? Well, they are there to promote devel-opment and adaptation of communica-tion networks in the public interest. They are serving consumers, and that is the center of their mission. The center of their mission should not be serving cable companies. That is why courts have said to the FCC: If you want to have the authority to protect an open internet, you have to do that under title II. Basically, the court ex-plained that if enforcing open internet principles and being a watchdog against abuses is important to the FCC’s mission of promoting the deploy-ment and adoption of communications in the public interest, then, those pow-ers have to flow from title II of the Communications Act. So that is why the Obama-era FCC adopted those rules. Today we know that the internet is a basic necessity. It provides access that helps our healthcare delivery system work, our education system work, our banking system work, shopping, and all sorts of things that make it a nec-essary tool in life today. When a service is that essential and critical to individuals and commu-nities and their economic success, we need to make sure that consumers have protections and to make sure that it is not abused. In the United States, just three pro-viders of internet access have about 70 percent of consumers. In any market with only a few players, it is essential that we protect businesses and con-sumers, and that is exactly what title II does. It helps to protect us from a cable company gouging and its close cousin—paid prioritization. Title II makes sure that the barriers to entry are not erected so that entre-preneurs or startups that want to bring new products to market aren’t artifi-cially slowed down and a larger com-petitor that can pay more for it can continue the access. Just recently, we had an event with Redfin, a company that is changing the real estate market in the Pacific Northwest by helping to drive down the cost to consumers for real estate pur-chases. They made it very clear that Redfin was able to develop today be-cause it had an open internet and its consumers and business partners could connect to it. But in a world where they were just starting out new and they had to pay for prioritization to get good broadband service, they may not have been as successful. These rules—title II—give expert agencies the tools to look behind the curtain and make sure that cable com-panies are providing the services that do not violate an open internet. There is a reason that cable compa-nies don’t want to follow these rules. It is because they want to make more money. I get it. They want to make more money. But I would say that with 40 percent of Americans having no choice in whom they buy internet serv-ices from, we have to be much more vigilant. These companies have several vertically integrated companies at the top, and they are seeking to amass more and more content. That could give them the tools, again, to block content, to slow it down, or to x out a competitor if they so choose. I do not want to see the FCC sitting on the sidelines and not policing this kind of environment. I know that AT&T is now trying to merge with Time Warner. These large companies want to continue to amass content and to drive the marketplace. The American Consumer Satisfaction Index tracks consumer satisfaction, and these big companies are at an all- time low. Do consumers think they are going to do the right thing on their own? Do they think cable companies will do that? The cable industry ranks at the very bottom of 43 industries in consumer satisfaction. In fact, it has been in the dead-last position for 5 years. So does the public think they are doing the right things when it comes to them or their businesses? I think that survey says it all. They have great concern. One of the reasons cable companies give for why they don’t want to follow net neutrality rules is because they say it will hurt their investment in net-works. Well, I guess I would ask the question: Did the Obama-era FCC rules slow down investment? No, they didn’t. The big cable companies continued to make investments in their networks. In the year immediately following the FCC rule that went into place, the entire industry showed that the total capital expenditures increased by more than $550 million above the previous year’s investment. For example, in a 2017 earnings report, Comcast, the Na-tion’s largest broadband provider, noted that its capital expenditures in-creased 7.5 percent to $9 billion and that it continued to make deployment in platforms like X1 and wireless gate-ways. Likewise, AT&T spent $22 billion on capital investments, up $20 billion from the previous year. In fact, 2016 represents the industry’s highest single-year jump in broadband network investment since 1999. So the notion that they are somehow going to slow down on investment is just not true. The historic growth came after companies had a full year to digest the impacts of title II and net neutrality rules being put in place by the Obama-era FCC. So where are we today? Well, these companies continue to make money, and they want a free pass on con-tinuing to make more. That is why our goal is not the profits of big cable com-panies. Our goal is to make sure that the internet economy continues to grow and the juggernaut of job cre-ation and innovation continues to ex-pand. We want the internet ecosystem that has doubled as a percentage of GDP from 2007 to 2017 to continue to grow. As I said, in my State it is about 13 percent of our State’s economy, and I spend practically every day in the Sen-ate hearing about another innovation from someone in my State. It might be the farm economy and more efficient ways to produce products or get prod-ucts to market or manage their live-stock. It might be in telemedicine and helping someone from one side of the State to the other to get access to care. It might be as basic as connecting people to their families and loved ones, but it is the internet that we know today that is so integral to our lives. I hope the commonsense legislation in front of us—the CRA—which would restore those Obama-era FCC net neu-trality rules, passes. I hope our col-leagues will understand that getting exorbitant internet fees from cable providers is not the direction the American people want to go. American entrepreneurs, innovators, and con-sumers cannot afford to take that hit. What they want to see is an open inter-net—one that continues to allow so much more of the internet economy to flourish. Let’s make sure that we say to the FCC: We don’t want you folding or sit-ting on your hands. We want you to po-lice the internet, and we want you to have the rules to do it. That is why we must pass the CRA today. I hope our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will join us, be-cause there is just too much at stake in our innovation economy. I thank the Chair. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.009 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2694 May 16, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Washington for her leadership and her articulation of a big issue before us. I too rise today ahead of a vote that is of vital importance to protecting a free and open internet. Last week FCC Chairman Ajit Pai announced that June 11 would be the date when key net neutrality protec-tions will officially end. This back-ward, misguided decision from the FCC threatens the consumer friendly inter-net that Americans know today—an internet that ensures equal access to content, regardless of which internet service provider you use. Ending net neutrality could impact all of our people. In New Hampshire, our citizens are rightly concerned, with thousands of Granite Staters con-tacting my office to urge Congress to save these key protections. I am pleased to join my colleagues, both Republican and Democrat, to force a vote to do just that. Reinstating net neutrality is critical to promoting innovation, supporting entrepreneurs and small businesses across New Hampshire, and encour-aging economic growth. By ensuring that our businesses can compete on the internet on an equal footing, we pro-vide more opportunity for a wide range of businesses, from high-tech compa-nies and startups to farming and agri-culture. On Monday, I visited Stoneyfield Farm in Londonderry, NH, to discuss the negative impact that repealing net neutrality will have on their business and countless other businesses across our State. Stoneyfield is a New Hamp-shire business that sells organic dairy products all over our country and re-lies on the internet to reach their cus-tomers. They also rely on the internet to connect with small businesses and dairy farmers that help source their products. When I met with representatives from Stoneyfield and farmers from around New England on Monday, they made clear that they are worried about what could happen if smaller farms are charged more for access to websites and services—a potential effect of re-pealing net neutrality. Farmers are already operating on pretty small margins, and they could be hurt by having to pay even more to get the kind of speed on the internet they need in order to be competitive. This is particularly troubling in rural areas, where many communities still face challenges with access to broadband. It is not just rural communities and farmers. This decision would hurt small businesses in any number of in-dustries across New Hampshire, all to give big internet service providers an-other opportunity to raise their prof-its. It would be unfair to all consumers to give internet service providers the power to discriminate against certain web pages, apps, and streaming and video services by slowing them down, blocking them, or favoring certain services while charging more for oth-ers. Protecting a free and open internet means we are protecting the farmers who need the internet to sell their products. It means we are protecting the next great startup which needs a level playing field to compete against larger, more established companies. It means we are protecting the countless Americans who have used the internet as a mechanism to organize and civically engage online. There has been so much energy from Granite Staters and Americans who are in favor of reinstating net neutrality because they know how much is at stake. I am grateful for their efforts to speak out because they have helped us get to this point today. I am hopeful more of my Republican colleagues will join us today to put consumers and small businesses first and to show that the U.S. Senate is in favor of a free and open internet. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I take this time to urge my colleagues to sup-port S.J. Res. 52, which would reinstate the free and open internet. I thank my colleagues, Senator M
ARKEY and oth-ers, for bringing this to our attention. It deals with the Congressional Review Act to block regulation which had been suggested that would repeal the protec-tions we have on the free internet. Let me just give a little bit of background so we can put this in context. Internet service providers—known as ISPs—are basically utility companies that provide internet service to our constituents, to our businesses, and to America. Without the protection for net neutrality, these utilities have the ability to block or throttle content on the internet or charging what is known as being in the fast lane, charging more. So this is a debate between whether we are on the side of the big utility companies that provide internet service and their special interests or the individuals and small businesses of America to guarantee them equal ac-cess to this critical service. Let me give one example, and there are many that can be given. I am sure, in every one of our com-munities, we have a lot of small busi-nesses. They recognize that they can now do business on the internet, and they have an opportunity to compete with the large companies that do most of their business through the internet. In Baltimore, in Maryland, I have small shop owners. One I am particu-larly familiar with sells bikes. This shop owner now is using the internet in order to get to customers so he can show his wares on the internet and be able to compete against one of the large, giant retailers that does a lot of business on the internet. If a consumer in Baltimore goes onto that bike shop’s website, and if the product that consumer is interested in will not pop up within a couple sec-onds, the consumer is gone. There has been study after study that shows that about 3 seconds is the maximum atten-tion span of a consumer shopping on the internet. The large store that has access to the fast-service broadband will have an in-credible advantage over our small busi-nesses if we allow the utility that pro-vides the internet service to discrimi-nate against the smaller users. That is what this debate is about. It is about protecting individual consumers, and it is about protecting small businesses. There is a reason why, in 2015, the open internet order was passed to pro-tect utilities that provide internet service from blocking or slowing down internet service. Broadband internet service is a pub-lic utility. It is interesting that almost half of the consumers have no choice in whom they have to provide their inter-net service. They have basically one internet provider to choose from. Com-petition does not exist. So this is not a matter of competition; this is a matter of preventing discrimination. I have had the honor of being the ranking member of the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee, and I can tell you, on behalf of the small businesses of Maryland and around the Nation, on behalf of farm owners around the Nation, they need to have access to the internet, and they depend upon net neutrality. Fifty-six percent of the small business owners oppose the FCC’s repeal of net neutrality; 70 per-cent of small business owners feel they are at a disadvantage compared to a large corporation due to their size and market power. The internet gives them that capacity to try to equalize that disadvantage. John Duda is co-owner of Red Emma’s, a cooperative bookstore and restaurant in my hometown in Balti-more. He summed it up best by saying: 
I don’t have the money to pay an internet service provider to guarantee my website will load quickly for all users, so I’m con-cerned the end of net neutrality means cus-tomers will buy from retailers that have the resources to pay for faster service. Addition-ally, if my internet service provider slows load times for—or blocks access to—my web content, we’ll be up against more than just larger book sellers or restaurants—we’re suddenly competing against any website that loads quickly because those are the ones that will draw people’s attention. 
This is a matter of economic survival for small businesses. Everybody wants to make sure they have access and that we have superhighways for broadband. We have that in Maryland, and we need the last mile to make sure you can get connected. Absolutely, we have to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.010 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2695 May 16, 2018 
more to make sure all communities have access to internet service, but, like healthcare, if you don’t have qual-ity care, access is not going to help you. You need to be able to have reli-able broadband service. Net neutrality has lowered the bar-riers to starting and growing a small business, and that is undeniably good for our economy. We all brag about the fact that small businesses are the growth engine of America and more jobs are created by small business, in-novation, et cetera. Let’s make sure we give small business what they need. Let’s preserve net neutrality. As FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel put it, ‘‘For the first time, small business could think big and consumers could shop small, from anywhere in the world.’’ Think about that for a moment: Small businesses can think big because they have access to the internet, and consumers can shop anywhere in the world and shop in small companies anywhere in the world. The loss of net neutrality jeop-ardizes that progress. In every State, community, and home across our Nation, Americans ex-pect the water coming out of their tap to flow on demand and be safe to drink. They expect the lights in their homes to go on thanks to the utility company that provides the electricity. And, yes, they not only want but need to have access to broadband internet in the very same way. This is a utility, and it needs to be regulated as such. These providers should not have the last word in what any American can see on the internet. Access to the infor-mation vital for our democracy and our economy to function must be pre-served. Congress has a chance to put con-sumers and small businesses first and prevent the FCC from bowing to cor-porate interests instead of serving the public interest. I urge my colleagues to vote for S.J. Res. 52. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, it is im-portant for everybody to understand how things work today and what net neutrality is all about. What net neu-trality is fundamentally about is that everybody gets a fair shake with re-spect to using the internet. After you pay your internet access fee, you get to go where you want, when you want, and how you want. There are no special deals. There are no priority lanes for those with deep pockets to get more content and get it faster than every-body else. That is not the way it works today. Everybody gets a fair shake on an open and free internet because of net neutrality. What Mr. Pai, the head of the Fed-eral Communications Commission, and his allies want is something very dif-ferent. Under their vision of how things would work online, there would be toll booths all over the internet, and those higher costs would, one way or an-other, come out of your pocket. That would work a hardship on millions of Americans, on millions literally but es-pecially on small businesses, seniors, and students. Everybody would be af-fected by a new approach that would establish toll booths all over the inter-net. My view is that there is no vote this body is going to take in 2018 that will have a more direct impact on the wal-lets of Americans than the one that is going to happen in a few hours. This is the last chance to protect the free and open internet that comes about with real net neutrality. The fact is, if we don’t do it, the Trump Federal Commu-nications Commission and Chairman Pai want to turn the lights out on the system I described today where, after you pay for your internet access, you go where you want, when you want, how you want. That is what we have today. Without what we are doing here, Chairman Pai at the Federal Commu-nications Commission can change that and take money away from typical Americans to line the pockets of their friends at the big communications mo-nopolies, Big Cable. If Republicans in Congress allow this administration to get away with re-pealing net neutrality, Americans can certainly expect to be charged more for Netflix, for music services on Spotify, and for video game downloads—for ex-ample, on PlayStation. This isn’t some academic policy question that is going to show up years from now. Certainly, there are matters we talk about where that could be the case. This is where the Trump Federal Communications Commission could hand big cable companies more power and take more money out of the pock-ets of the American people next month. I am very appreciative of my col-league E
DMARKEY for the extraor-dinary leadership role he has taken. He and I have enjoyed teaming up since the days when we began in public serv-ice. Senator M
ARKEY was then Con-gressman Markey, and he introduced the first net neutrality bill in the House. I had the honor of partnering with him when I introduced the first net neutrality bill in the Senate. Both of us said, literally, more than a decade ago, that we needed communications policies that were rooted in the prin-ciple of nondiscrimination—trans-parency, openness, and freedom for all online. Here we are, back in this fight once again, to pass the Markey resolu-tion, which, in effect, will ensure that what my colleague has sponsored today and sought to do a decade ago, on which I partnered with him, will actu-ally get done. Everybody understands that you have to pay a fee to get access to the net. The question at the heart of this debate that you have to keep coming back to is this: Once you pay that fee, shouldn’t everybody get a fair shake? Shouldn’t we be able to say in America that once you pay that fee, you ought to be able to go where you want, when you want, and how you want? As the Trump FCC wants to do, should you be able to say that the big cable compa-nies should be able to hot-wire the sys-tem—to rig the internet—for the ben-efit of those who can afford to pay more? I would say, because I have been lis-tening to my friend talk about this, that their vision is, really, something along the lines of an information aris-tocracy, whereby, if you have deep pockets, you are going to have access to a technology treasure trove, but the typical American, with his vision, is kind of on his way to digital serfdom. That is why it is so important to un-derstand what Chairman Pai and the FCC are up to, which is special deals for special interests and more power— significantly more power—for those with deep pockets. What the people who are opposed to real net neutrality have cooked up is a scheme called paid prioritization. I say to Senator MARKEY that I have called this effort that of erecting tollbooths online. What it means is that if you are among the fortunate few, you get fast-er download speeds and more content. If you are a big, established company, guess what. You can stifle the competi-tion. You can squash the competition. Those opportunities aren’t going to be available to an entrepreneur who is just starting out in his garage some-where. For a family that is barely stay-ing afloat, what it sounds like they are interested in is giving them second- rate internet service. I think Senator M
ARKEY and I remember that it was not that long ago when big chunks of America had dial-up, and people seemed to wait forever to get online. Mr. Pai is going to tell you with a straight face that these big cable com-panies have the best of intentions and that they are sort of going to go along with all of this voluntarily because it is just the right thing to do. Yet my question is this: If the cable companies are just going to go along with net neu-trality, why is Mr. Pai working so hard to get rid of it? It doesn’t really stand up. I always say at home, because peo-ple ask what it means for us—and they have gotten to meet the charming Wil-liam Peter Wyden, aged 10—that there is about as much chance that the cable companies will voluntarily go along with net neutrality as the likelihood that William Peter Wyden and his sis-ter will voluntarily limit the number of their desserts. It is just not going to happen. In particular, if Mr. Pai says he believes in real net neutrality, the Markey resolution will give him a chance to actually show that. But we all know that he doesn’t see it that way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.011 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2696 May 16, 2018 
I just opened all townhall meetings in Oregon, most of them in rural com-munities, and I know the distinguished Presiding Officer of the Senate rep-resents a lot of rural terrain. I am tell-ing you that people in those rural areas understand what is at stake for rural America here. For rural America, with-out the Markey resolution, it will mean the net will move along at snail’s pace. It will mean that rural businesses could have a harder time in getting off the ground and reaching customers. I talked to ranchers, for example, about just this issue. It will mean rural healthcare could miss out on techno-logical marvels that could have the po-tential to save lives. This is particularly important be-cause Senator M
ARKEY and I have teamed up on a lot of the efforts to im-prove American healthcare. We have led the fight to show that we are up-dating the Medicare guarantee so that it will not be just an acute care pro-gram but will focus on chronic ill-nesses. Senator M
ARKEY and I have led the effort for more care at home and for greater access to telemedicine. All of those technological marvels really depend on rapid access to the net. If you are in rural America and you have had a stroke, rapid access to the net may be something that will saves lives and that will ensure those rural pro-viders will be able to get connections to parts of the country that will have, for example, a neurologist available who will be able to help. The Markey resolution and its pas-sage should not be an issue seen along partisan lines. I don’t see it as a polit-ical question. The bottom line of the debate is that if the resolution goes down, the stuff Americans do on the internet today is going to cost them a whole lot more tomorrow. It is not going to take place years from now and be some kind of an abstract question. It is going to be on Americans. Those extra costs will come out of their pock-ets, and it will cost them a lot more in a hurry. I close by thanking my colleague from Massachusetts for all of his lead-ership. It has been my privilege to team up with him. I guess it becomes almost bicameral since the two of us started this in the House and the Sen-ate. I urge my colleagues to support the Markey resolution and do the right thing. Support the consumer and small businesses. Let’s not hand more power and profit to the big cable companies at the expense of Americans, from sea to shining sea, who cannot afford more money to come out of their wallets and go to the big cable companies. I see my friend on the floor. Mr. MARKEY. Will the Senator yield? Mr. WYDEN. I am happy to yield. Mr. MARKEY. I thank the Senator. Mr. President, I wanted to follow up on that very important point that the Senator was making, which is that these big companies are all saying: You don’t have to worry because we don’t have any intention of discriminating. Then we say: Well, that is what net neutrality says, that you should not discriminate, that you should treat ev-erybody equally. Then they turn around and say: Oh, you can trust us, but take the rules off the books that we say that we agree with and that we are going to abide by. From my perspective, they are trying to have it both ways, but the way they really want to have it is with no rules at all. Then, they will be free to go back to displaying conduct which we know, in the past, they have engaged in. Does the Senator agree with that as-sessment? Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, my col-league from Massachusetts is probably being too logical for a lot of this dis-cussion, whereby the special interests continue to shroud their real agenda, which is what my friend from Massa-chusetts has described. Clearly, with this effort the big cable companies, with their hopes riding on Mr. Pai, would like to go back to yesteryear, when they could gouge the consumer, when they could stick it to the person of modest means. I think my colleague has summed it up very well. If Mr. Pai and his allies were really going to present us with a real net neutrality plan, I know we would be interested in hearing about it, but they have never been interested in that. What they have been interested in is taking a whole lot of legalisms and murky language to try and fool the American consumer. The bottom line is Mr. Pai and his allies would like to set up these tollbooths across the country and start with a policy that, one way or another, is going to cost the typical consumer more. I look forward to my colleague’s re-marks. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I thank the Senator because, I think, that is what he identified 12 years ago when he introduced a net neutrality bill here in the Senate and what I had identified over in the House. We worked together on it at that time, and the need just continues, especially as we get deeper and deeper into this internet era. It is almost like oxygen for somebody now, especially for young people, young en-trepreneurs. They need to know that they can gain access to the web in order to start up their new software or internet companies, but they shouldn’t have to first raise money to pay exorbi-tant fees to the big broadband compa-nies. First, they should be free to inno-vate and not worry that they be can be discriminated against. Whether it is in Portland, OR, or in Springfield, MA, it is the same prin-ciple for which we have been trying to stand up for all of these years. It was the law until December of 2017, when Ajit Pai and the Trump FCC took it off the books. That is what the debate is about today: Are we going to put those rules, those nondiscriminatory rules, back on the books? Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, my col-league has said it very well. It is what I saw last week in these nine townhall meetings, and almost all of them were in rural Oregon. People joked and asked: RON, why are you here? We have more cows than peo-ple. I said: My hometown is Portland. I love Portland. My only frustration, as my friend knows, is I didn’t get to play for the Trail Blazers. I am not a Senator from the State of Portland. I am a Senator who rep-resents every nook and cranny of Or-egon, however small. What I would say to my friend and, I hope, to my col-leagues—because the Senate represents a lot of rural terrain—is what I heard in places like Burns and Prairie City last week. If they have to pay more for less content, which, I think, could eas-ily happen under these trickle-down telecommunications policies of Mr. Pai’s, then it is not just going to be Portland, OR, and Springfield, MA. It is going to be rural America—literally, from sea to shining sea—that is going to wake up very soon and find its bills going into the stratosphere. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, by the way, whether it is Burns or the Berk-shires, there are rural parts in every State. We have them, as well, in Massa-chusetts. They have the same right of access to a free, unfettered internet as do the people who live in Cambridge, MA, or in Portland, OR. The rural parts in every State are entitled to it. The rural businesses, the farmers should all be able to rely upon—have a guarantee—its being free, open, and that they are not going to be discrimi-nated against. That is why I wanted to get up and thank the Senator for his historic lead-ership on this issue. He was there at the dawn of this whole era, and he con-tinues to ensure that the internet is in-fused with the values that, I think, our Nation wants to have reflected. Mr. WYDEN. It has been a privilege to work with my colleague. This has been bipartisan—especially making sure the kinds of policies that can come about with real net neutrality and making sure rural communities get a fair shake complement other work we are doing that represents the future. My colleague and I have talked about the fact that in our efforts to up-date the Medicare guarantee, for years and years both political parties have missed what Medicare has become. Back when I was director of the Gray Panthers—the senior citizens—Medi-care had two parts, Part A for hospitals and Part B for doctors. If you broke your ankle and went to the hospital, that was Part A of Medicare. That is not Medicare any longer. Today, Medi-care is cancer, diabetes, heart disease, strokes, and chronic pulmonary dis-ease—all of these chronic conditions. What my colleague has done—and I am so appreciative of the fact that we can work together on this. We said: Let’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.013 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2697 May 16, 2018 
update the Medicare guarantee. Medi-care is not a voucher, a slip paper you give to people. It is a guarantee of basic services. So Senator M
ARKEY and I and others of both political parties have come along and said: Let’s give people more care at home. Let’s expand the role of telemedicine so that if you are in Burns or Prairie City, OR, or other small towns in America, you can have access to these technological marvels when you don’t have a neu-rologist or a specialist. Make no mistake about it, what Mr. Pai is looking at is a prescription for trouble for rural healthcare because they, like so many of the people they serve, are going to face the prospect of those toll booths, and they are going to pay more, in many cases, for less. So I look forward to working with my colleague and listening to his re-marks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, as we conclude this part of the debate, I will just take note of the fact that the American Association of Retired Peo-ple today has come out in favor of the open internet order, which is the re-storing of net neutrality principles, which follows on what the former head of the Gray Panthers, the Senator from the State of Oregon, Mr. W
YDEN , raised today—the need to ensure that every-one gets the full protection of net neu-trality rules. The votes we are about to cast are nothing short of the most consequen-tial votes on the internet in the his-tory of this body. We will take the im-portant step to reaffirm the principles of nondiscrimination online or we will allow a few companies to control how we access the internet. We will stand up for the small app developer with a bright idea to change the world or we give another gift to the powerful cor-porate interests and their lobbyists in the District of Columbia. We will take a stand to protect our online economy or we will say goodbye to the internet as we know it. In 2018, essentially every company is an internet company. In my State of Massachusetts and in every other State, tech underpins the economy of the United States today. In 2017, al-most half of all venture capital in the United States was invested into inter-net and software startups. That is over $34 billion. This is working. This is capitalism at its best. This is small business being able to receive the capital it needs in order to start new companies in our country. Small businesses are the ones that hire new people who do innova-tion. That is what the venture capital industry is indicating by pouring money into these smaller companies under a regime of net neutrality. So we found the secret recipe. When we take a democratized platform, with endless opportunity for communica-tion, and add American ingenuity, the result is economic growth and innova-tion. What we are doing is working. With net neutrality protections in place, there is no problem that needs fixing. This fight began when Senator WYDEN and I introduced net neutrality as legislation back more than a decade ago. I introduced it, Senator W
YDEN in-troduced it, because we knew then the internet was the most powerful and pervasive platform in the history of the world. Since then, the importance of the internet has skyrocketed, and the movement to protect it has followed suit. Millions of Americans are raising their voices for net neutrality because they know the power of the internet. They know it can categorize staggering commercial growth, they know it can create endless connections, and they know it can change the course of civili-zation in fractions of a second. A vote against net neutrality is a vote to change the fundamental char-acter of the internet. A vote for net neutrality is a vote for America’s fu-ture. I urge each and every one of my colleagues to vote yes on this resolu-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I have been recognized to close the debate on this motion. In a few mo-ments, we will be voting on the motion to proceed to this resolution. I will be voting no and urge my colleagues to do so. This debate is about a free and open internet, and it is also about a thriving and innovative internet. We can have both. For decades, we have had both, and we can continue to do so if we are smart about this. Does every Senator in this Chamber believe in a free and open internet? Yes. Does every Member of this body want to prevent blocking and the throttling of the internet? The answer is a re-sounding yes. Does any Member of the Senate advo-cate, as my friend from Massachusetts just suggested, that a company or two gets to set the rules for the entire internet? Absolutely not. Do all Senators and all Congressmen want the internet to be a source of in-novation and job creation and pros-perity as it has been for a quarter cen-tury? I hope so. I hope we all want this information superhighway, this technology super-highway to continue its success. I hope we all want the internet to continue being that phenomenal platform for market competition, health advance-ments, investment, technological progress, efficiency, and safety. I hope we all want this. If we all want this great engine to keep going, it is important to ask how all this happened in the first place. How did we get here? How did we arrive at this point in our Nation’s history, with a dynamic internet economy that is truly the envy of the world? The answer lies in the creativity and ingenuity of the American spirit. This has allowed the internet to thrive under the light-touch regulatory framework that has governed the inter-net for most of its history. Let’s revisit a little of that history. It was in 1996. I was a freshman Mem-ber of the House of Representatives at this time under a Democratic Presi-dent, under a Democratic administra-tion. Our country was at a crossroads on how to govern this new thing called the worldwide web, the internet. No one could have imagined the success of the internet we have today, but policy-makers had the foresight not to regu-late these new emerging information services like the services of a bygone era. Instead, in 1996, during the Clinton administration, a very deliberative, thoughtful decision was made not to impose title II rules—the same rules from the 1930s that were modeled for the Bell monopolies, that were modeled for a time during the Great Depression. That was the pivotal decision that al-lowed this great internet economy to thrive and to be the success it is today. Now let’s fast-forward to recently, to 2015. That was the year the FCC made an ill-advised decision to change all that. Despite explosive growth, new ap-plications, services, and consumer choice that the internet was delivering to Americans, the FCC imposed these title II rules, and that is what we are debating today. Almost immediately we saw a chilling effect on investment and innovation. U.S. companies were right to be uncertain about the archaic title II regulations and how they would apply to modern technology. Fortunately, this misguided action was reversed last year. The FCC lifted the 2015 regulations and restored the light-touch regulatory framework that has benefited consumers for almost two decades and has resulted in this great success. Today, some in Congress are trying to give the government more control again, applying utility-style regulations that would threaten the internet as we know it. We should re-ject these efforts. Let me say this: Many of my col-leagues correctly, on both sides of the aisle, have been calling for bipartisan legislation to enshrine the net neu-trality principles into law—legislation which I support, legislation which Members of the minority party have supported. If this resolution passes today, it will amount to merely a statement, nothing more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.015 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2698 May 16, 2018 
Senator T HUNE will give Senators an opportunity to pass bipartisan legisla-tion today. I hope we will do that. I hope, once this statement is made, we will move on to enshrining net neu-trality principles into a law that pro-tects consumers and promotes innova-tion. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Under the previous order, the Senate will resume legislative session. The Senator from Massachusetts. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE FEDERAL COM-MUNICATIONS COMMISSION—MO-TION TO PROCEED Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I move to proceed to the immediate con-sideration of Calendar No. 406, S.J. Res. 52. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 406, S.J. Res. 52, a joint resolution providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Federal Communications Com-mission relating to ‘‘Restoring Internet Freedom.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 96 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—47 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE FEDERAL COM-MUNICATIONS COMMISSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 52) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Restoring Internet Freedom.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to the provisions of the Congressional Review Act, 5 U.S.C. 802, there will be up to 10 hours of debate, equally di-vided between those favoring and op-posing the resolution. Who yields time? If no one yields time, time will be equally divided between the sides. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, as the minority, we typically cannot move legislation on the floor without the consent of the majority leader. But under the rules governing congres-sional review, any group of 30 Senators can petition to discharge a CRA—a Congressional Review Act—from the committee and bring it to the floor subject to a majority vote. That is what Senator M
ARKEY has just done with the CRA on net neutrality, and the vote that just concluded means the full Senate will now consider it, be-cause I believe there were 52 votes in favor. For the first time in this Congress, the majority will be called to vote on an issue that I suspect they would rather avoid. Net neutrality is a complex issue, but an incredibly consequential one. At stake is the future of the internet, which until this point in our history, has remained free and open, accessible and affordable to most Americans. That fundamental equality of access is what has made the internet so dy-namic—a catalyst for innovation, a tool for learning, a means of instant and worldwide communication. To ensure the internet stayed that way, the Obama-era FCC instituted net neutrality rules to prevent large inter-net service providers from segmenting the internet into fast and slow lanes, from selling faster service to folks who could pay and slower service to oth-ers—we didn’t want that—and from charging customers more for their fa-vorite sites, divvying up the internet into packages like cable TV. Why was this so important? Because if large cable and internet companies were allowed to do this, the internet wouldn’t operate on a level playing field. Big corporations and folks who could pay would enjoy the benefits of fast internet and speedy delivery to their customers while startups and small businesses, public schools, aver-age folks, including communities of color and rural Americans, could well be disadvantaged. Net neutrality pro-tected everyone and prevented large ISPs from discriminating against any customers. That era—the era of a free and open internet—unfortunately will soon come to an end. In December, the Repub-lican-led FCC voted to repeal the net neutrality rules, and on June 11 of this year, that repeal will go into effect. It may not be a cataclysm on day one, but sure as rain, if internet service pro-viders are given the ability to start charging more for preferred service, they will find a way to do it. So the Democratic position is very simple: Let’s treat the internet like the public good that it is. We don’t let water companies or phone companies discriminate against customers. We don’t restrict access to interstate high-ways, saying: You can ride on the high-way, and you can’t. We shouldn’t do that with the internet either. That is what the Democratic net neutrality CRA would ensure. We appreciate that three Republicans joined on the motion to proceed to our resolution. We hope more will come with us. Where do Republicans stand on this issue? Why haven’t we heard much from them on this issue, when it is a typical issue that protects the middle class, working families, and average Americans from big special interests taking advantage of them? I suspect our colleagues are kind of quiet on this issue because the argu-ments made by opponents of net neu-trality aren’t very convincing. Some opponents say that net neutrality is an unwarranted and burdensome regula-tion—something that hampers the internet. I would remind those critics that net neutrality has been on the books for several years and the inter-net is working just fine. Furthermore, the net neutrality rules were upheld by the courts as appropriate consumer protection. Yet we will hear too many of my Re-publican friends say that we shouldn’t restore net neutrality through this CRA because we need bipartisan legis-lation to deal with this issue. That ar-gument is a duck. It is a dodge. It is a way for my Republican friends to delay. Democrats are happy to do bipartisan legislation to enshrine net neutrality into law, but the legislation is going to take time. In the meantime, we must ensure consumers have a safety net right now, and this CRA is the quickest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.017 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2699 May 16, 2018 
and surest way of doing it. Plain and simple, if you are for net neutrality, you ought to be for Senator M
ARKEY ’s CRA. This issue presents a stark contrast: Are you on the side of the large inter-net and cable companies or are you on the side of the average American fam-ily? That is what the vote on this legis-lation is all about. I say to every American who cares about an open and free internet: Today is the day. Contact your Republican Senator. See who votes for net neu-trality and who votes against, and let them know how you feel about the way they voted. This is our chance—our best chance—to make sure the internet stays accessible and affordable for all Americans. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I rise today in support of net neutrality. Let me say that again. I rise in support of net neutrality. Contrary to the assertions that some of our colleagues on the left have made, there are many of us who believe that codifying net neutrality principles makes sense if we really want to solve this problem. What doesn’t make sense is this misguided resolution. All of us value the internet. It con-nects us to commerce, friends, family, news, learning opportunities, and en-tertainment. Most Americans expect their internet experience to remain free from meddling by anyone. It doesn’t matter if it is a cable company or an unelected bureaucrat, Americans appreciate online freedom. If this resolution offered these pro-tections and simply implemented wide-ly supported net neutrality principles, I would support it. Unfortunately, this isn’t the case. The resolution offered by Senator M
ARKEY would impose partisan, oner-ous, and heavyhanded regulations on the internet. Some of these regulations lack a fun-damental connection to net neutrality principles and harm consumer freedom. Net neutrality, for example, isn’t about regulating mobile phone plan offerings to meet a government internet stand-ard. But the Markey resolution would restore rules that the Obama Federal Communications Commission used to scrutinize such popular and affordable plans. Net neutrality principles don’t neces-sitate government rate regulation on companies working to connect Ameri-cans in rural areas—places like my State of South Dakota—or on upgrad-ing existing networks. But, again, the Chairman of the Obama FCC nonethe-less defended the need for broad au-thority to threaten rate regulation, and that is exactly what the Markey resolution seeks to restore. The im-plicit threat of such government inter-vention and statements can have a pro-found impact on innovation and the 21st century internet. The internet has certainly thrived under a model that rejects data dis-crimination. Needless to say, before 2015, it had never before faced such a threat of increased government con-trol. Net neutrality—the idea that legal internet traffic should operate transparently and without discrimina-tion—doesn’t represent the heavy hand of government. The heavy hand of gov-ernment is, however, plain to see in the plan that Democrats first passed in 2015 and are now seeking to reimpose. The Democrats’ plan relies on a legal framework passed by Congress in the 1930s to regulate telephone monopolies. This framework existed for an era and technology that lacked competition and the entrepreneurship of today’s internet-based economy. Last year, the new leadership at the Federal Communications Commission widely discarded these rules. Net neu-trality wasn’t the problem. The Com-mission’s concern was that onerous, de-pression-era rules were having an ad-verse effect on efforts to connect more Americans to the internet and upgrade service. For Congress, the path to re-store net neutrality protections while avoiding these unnecessary side effects is straightforward legislation. This is what the Los Angeles Times had to say about this in their editorial. Last week, the editorial board of Cali-fornia’s largest newspaper wrote an im-portant analysis in an editorial enti-tled ‘‘Senate Democrats move to revive net neutrality rules—the wrong way.’’ The Times wrote: Rather than jousting over a resolution of disapproval, Congress needs to put this issue to bed once and for all by crafting a bipar-tisan deal giving the commission limited but clear authority to regulate broadband pro-viders and preserve net neutrality. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the editorial be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Los Angeles Times, May 10, 2018] S
ENATE DEMOCRATS MOVETOREVIVE NET N
EUTRALITY RULES —THEWRONG WAY (By the Times Editorial Board) Senate Democrats opened up a new front Wednesday in the fight to preserve the inter-net from interference by the broadband pro-viders that control its on-ramps. But as good as it was to see them push back against the wrongheaded approach taken by the new Re-publican majority on the Federal Commu-nications Commission, the maneuver is like-ly to be more of a distraction than a solu-tion. At issue is how to preserve net neutrality. Broadband providers that serve home inter-net users face little real competition, and they are uniquely positioned to distort com-petition online by, for example, favoring par-ticular websites and services for a fee. After several earlier net-neutrality efforts ran into legal trouble, the FCC’s Democratic majority in 2015 classified broadband access service as a utility and imposed a set of strict neutrality rules. Last year, however, the commission’s new Republican majority voted not just to rescind those rules, but ef-fectively to drop all efforts by the FCC to preserve net neutrality. On Wednesday, Senate Democrats moved to force a vote on a resolution to restore the 2015 rules, and they have 50 Senators lined up in support. Yet the resolution faces next-to- insurmountable odds in the House, where top Republicans have praised the FCC’s deregu-latory approach, and with like-minded Presi-dent Trump. The most meaningful fights will take place in the courts and in state legisla-tures, where net neutrality supporters are seeking to restore the 2015 rules or impose similar ones at the state level. Even opponents of the strict 2015 rules rec-ognize that the continual legal and regu-latory gyrations are a problem. Rather than jousting over a resolution of disapproval, Congress needs to put this issue to bed once and for all by crafting a bipartisan deal giv-ing the commission limited but clear author-ity to regulate broadband providers and pre-serve net neutrality. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, in my hand, I hold the 2015 draft text of legis-lation I released with my colleagues in the House of Representatives, Con-gressman F
RED UPTON and Congress-man G
REGWALDEN . Since 2015, I have publicly and consistently been ready to work with my colleagues across the aisle on bipartisan net neutrality legis-lation. Specifically, my draft proposed giving Federal regulators new author-ity to ban blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization of legal internet content. It did this without relying on the heavyhanded use of law written to police phone monopolies, which is what we are talking about here. We are talk-ing about a 1934 law governing the 21st- century internet. Think about that. That is precisely what this resolution would do. I recognize that this draft legislation I came up with isn’t perfect. My draft obviously did not anticipate all the concerns my colleagues raised, and of course there is always room for com-promise. That is what legislative dis-cussion and legislative negotiation are all about. But I need a partner from the other side of the aisle who shares my commitment to crafting a bipar-tisan solution that puts net neutrality first. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have certainly ex-pressed a view about the need for legis-lation. Some of them come up to me privately, offline, and say: You are right. We need to do this legislatively. We need to put clear rules of the road in place. This is not the way to solve this problem. But very few of them are willing to say that publicly. My colleague and the distinguished ranking member of the Commerce Committee’s Subcommittee on Communications and Technology told the publication TechCrunch only 6 months ago: ‘‘My point of view—and by the way, I had this point of view when it was President Obama and Tom Wheeler [at the FCC at the time], to the chagrin of my progressive friends— is that we should legislate.’’ This statement was made with knowledge and virtually on the eve of the FCC’s final vote to disassemble the 2015 rule. So what changed? Why aren’t we debating a bipartisan bill instead of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.018 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2700 May 16, 2018 
this partisan resolution? Some on the other side of the aisle reached the cyn-ical conclusion that exploiting concern about the internet outweighed the value of working with Republicans to pass net neutrality protections. For others who had a genuine desire to work with me, the forces of a highly politicized campaign to impose a Dem-ocrat-only solution can overwhelm the best of intentions. Make no mistake—the campaign be-hind this Congressional Review Act resolution has been primarily driven by fearmongering hypotheticals, misdirec-tion, and outright false claims. To make that point, this March, the Wash-ington Post Fact Checker took Senate Democrats to task for a particularly egregious claim that failure to pass the Markey resolution would lead to a slower internet. The fact check con-cluded that the examined claim—made through the Democratic caucus’s offi-cial Twitter account—conveyed the false impression that a slowdown is im-minent. Fact Checker wrote that ‘‘there’s scant evidence that Internet users should brace for a slowdown.’’ What that meant is that statement by the Democratic caucus on this par-ticular subject got not one, not two, but three Pinocchios from the Wash-ington Post for being a false claim— from the Washington Post Fact Check-er. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the March 5, 2018, Fact Checker be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, Mar. 5, 2018] W
ILL THE FCC’ SNETNEUTRALITY REPEAL  G
RIND THE INTERNET TO A HALT? (By Salvador Rizzo) ‘‘If we don’t save net neutrality, you’ll get the Internet one word at a time.’’—U.S. Senate Democrats, in a tweet, Feb. 27, 2018 
THE PINOCCHIO TEST  The debate over net neutrality is reshaping the Internet and raising big-picture ques-tions about modern life. But we can’t help but feel that we’ve spilled a lot of pixels here analyzing something that simply hasn’t hap-pened. Senate Democrats, industry leaders and net neutrality activists say the FCC’s move to toss out the Obama-era rules will bog down and end the Internet as we know it. The biggest broadband providers forcefully reject this claim, saying they have no plans to block or throttle content or offer paid prioritization. That could change in time. As the D.C. Cir-cuit said, broadband companies could make more money from paid prioritization, and it’s ‘‘common sense’’ to think they might try it. These providers have the ability and the incentive to slow down or speed up Internet traffic, and they’ve engaged in these prac-tices in the past. For now, though, there’s scant evidence that Internet users should brace for a slow-down. Yet the Democrats’ tweet conveys the false impression that a slowdown is immi-nent unless net neutrality rules are restored. This transmission error merits Three Pinocchios, but we will monitor the situa-tion and update our ruling depending on whether the fears were overstated or came true. Three Pinocchios (Senate Commerce Committee note: the submission to the Senate Record includes only the conclusion of the Washington Post’s fact check story.) Mr. THUNE. In reality, all major cable and phone providers have said they will continue net neutrality poli-cies. Under the new rules being put in place, Federal agencies can still take action against privacy violations and unfair business practices by internet companies. In stark contrast, one unavoidable irony of the Markey resolution, as ob-served by an editorial in today’s Wall Street Journal, is that it would actu-ally weaken online consumer privacy protections by taking the only agency enforcing them off the beat. If this res-olution were ultimately to be en-acted—which it won’t, but if it were, it would take the Federal Trade Commis-sion, which currently regulates and po-lices privacy issues, completely out of the equation. To be sure, Congress still needs to set long-term protections for the internet, and it shouldn’t delay. But the signifi-cant harm uncertainty inflicts on the internet will manifest itself through stifled investment and innovation over time rather than on consumers in a sudden wave of net neutrality viola-tions. That is just a simple fact. After all, the new rules, approved under the Trump administration, close-ly follow those that long regulated the internet before 2015 and are largely, al-though not completely, in effect now. One thing I want to continue to ham-mer is that what we are talking about here are the rules that were in place for the first two decades of the inter-net. For the first two decades of the internet, we operated under what was called a light-touch approach to regu-lation. Under that regime of light touch, the internet prospered, flour-ished, grew, expanded, and innovated to the point where it has become a huge economic engine in our economy. So what was the 2015 FCC ruling de-signed to solve? That, frankly, is a very good question. But the fact is, what the FCC is proposing to do and will do on June 11 of this year is to go back to the 2015 rules—the rules that were in place for the first two decades of the internet. I would tell you that on June 12, after these rules go into effect, no con-sumer in this country is going to see any change from what they see today. They are still going to be able to watch the internet—they are still going to be to go to all their favorite social media platforms. There isn’t going to be any change from what we have seen up to this point because that is what we are going back to—our rules that were in place for two decades, under a light- touch regulatory approach, that al-lowed the internet to explode and pros-per and grow. The Markey resolution is offered to this body without opportunity for amendment or any bipartisan input about what the rules governing the internet should say. A vote against the Markey resolution is a vote for ending this cynical exploitation of the inter-net. A vote against the Markey resolu-tion is a vote for the Senate to get to work on bipartisan net neutrality leg-islation. That is what the L.A. Times said: Pass legislation. That is the best way to solve this, not coming up with this bizarre exercise, which we all know isn’t going anywhere but will give the activists and the donors out there on the far left an opportunity to take this campaign to the House of Representatives, where it isn’t going anywhere. Of course it would be vetoed by the President even if it did. So all we are doing is stalling, delaying, mak-ing it more difficult to get to a solu-tion on this because what it will do is prevent those who are truly interested in a bipartisan solution and answer on net neutrality from coming to the table in order to make that happen. As I have said, we have been working on this for a long time, and I have been looking for a Democratic partner. All we need are a few courageous Demo-crats who are willing to acknowledge what this is—which is a political, par-tisan charade—and get serious about bipartisan legislation, because there isn’t going to be a single amendment that can be offered to this. This is not going anywhere. If we really, truly want to solve the problem, there are fairminded people who are serious about this who would like to sit down across the table and work on a draft of legislation that would put internet principles in place and would put consumer protections in place but would use a light-touch regu-latory approach—not the 1930s ap-proach this resolution would turn to— to regulate the 21st-century internet. Frankly, I am at a loss to understand why any rational, reasonable person could come to the conclusion that using a 1934 law and regulating the internet like a public utility—a Ma Bell telephone company—would be the right approach in the age in which we live where the internet is thriving and prosperous under a light-touch regu-latory regime. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2853 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that S.J. Res. 52 be returned to the calendar and the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 2853. I further ask that it be in order for 10 amendments, equally divided, between the managers or their designees and relative to the bill to be made pending; further, that there be 10 hours of de-bate, equally divided between the man-agers or their designees, and that upon the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on any pending amend-ments; finally, that upon disposition of the amendments, the bill, as amended, if amended, be considered read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Is there objection? The Senator from Massachusetts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.021 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2701 May 16, 2018 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, Senator T
HUNE ’s bill is problematic both sub-stantively and procedurally. There have been no committee hearings on his proposal, and it is not yet ripe for consideration here on the Senate floor. As a result, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, what you just heard is an objection to having a reasonable debate. To the point that the Senator from Massachusetts made, clearly the unani-mous consent request asks for—calls for—an opportunity to have amend-ments considered by both sides of this discussion. What that tells me is that what this is about isn’t serious legis-lating; it is about, again, the political theater associated with this congres-sional resolution of disapproval, which has absolutely no future, is going no-where, and does nothing to address the fundamental underlying problem that colleagues on both sides acknowledge needs to be address. For the record, I will point out that we did attempt to bring up a serious piece of legislation, one that provides consumer protection, that bans block-ing lawful content, that bans the throt-tling of lawful content, that bans paid prioritization—the very things most of my colleagues on the other side want addressed. Frankly, no piece of legislation is perfect, and I would say to my col-league from Massachusetts that we would be more than willing to enter into a discussion and a debate, with an opportunity to offer amendments, in order to perfect this piece of legisla-tion. But, frankly, if we continue down this path with the CRA, all we are going to do is waste more time—valu-able time, I might add—and continue to live in a cloud of uncertainty where one FCC to the next continues to change the rules and where companies spend millions of dollars in litigation in courtrooms on lawsuits rather than ploughing it into infrastructure, in-vestment, and new and innovative technologies that literally could de-liver higher speed, faster internet serv-ices and higher quality services to peo-ple around this country, including those in rural areas who desperately need those types of services made available to them. Mr. President, I reserve the remain-der of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, only in Washington, DC, and perhaps only in the walls of this Capitol, is net neutrality regarded as a partisan issue. Only here are there accusations that the left or the right favor a position on net neutrality. In the rest of America, net neutrality is bipartisan; in fact, nonpolitical. It is the lifeblood of the internet. It is the animating principle that enables companies and individuals to have equal access to the internet without blocking, discriminating, price gouging, or favoring of some companies at the expense of others. In fact, in legislatures across the country, like Connecticut, there have been proposals to do there what we are seeking to do here; that is, to preserve an open internet in accordance with the open internet order, which has been rolled back by the FCC. Strong net neutrality rules are accepted across the country on both sides of the aisle in State legislatures and State govern-ments, in board rooms, and in all the communities where people come to-gether seeking to communicate and use the internet in the highest and best way it can be used. One example, in New Haven, is SeeClickFix. SeeClickFix is a New Haven company that helps citizens communicate with their local governments to improve their community. The internet’s in-credible economic success and this company’s have been made possible be-cause it is a free and open platform. This company has a good idea. It can put that good idea to work, helping people make their local and State gov-ernments work better and be more re-sponsive. That success story has been repeated countless times because of net neu-trality and the open internet. We are here to stop maligned rulemaking run amok. The FCC, under the leadership of its Chairman, has, in effect, rolled back the progress that was made with the open internet order. It defied 10 years of evidence and the pattern of market consolidation and merger that endangered the open internet. It defied evidence of discrimination that was taken over the rulemaking process, and it basically ignored a court order up-holding the open internet order—a court order that was the result of in-depth and determined litigation to stop that order, and that effort was re-jected. The Justice Department has shown, from AT&T’s own internal documents, that it sought to use its merger with Time Warner to raise prices and to hinder competition from online video services. A proposed merger between T- Mobile and Sprint threatens to further reduce scarce competition in wireless. Big broadband companies have more fi-nancial incentive and less market de-terrence to obstruct competition than ever before. Chairman Pai’s plan would enable those broadband companies holding near-monopolies over access to consoli-date even more power. If broadband companies are able to block, throttle, or charge fees for certain applications on websites, the result will be higher pricing, less innovation, and fewer new products. Reversal of net neutrality is a consumer’s worst nightmare, but it is also a nightmare for small businesses and for competition and innovation and creativity in America. I urge my colleagues to support S.J. Res. 52, the resolution of disapproval of the FCC’s disastrous plan to roll back net neutrality. It is vital to protecting consumers and small businesses, pre-serving the open internet, and uphold-ing the integrity of the rulemaking process. If this effort fails to succeed, the challenge in the courts will overturn Chairman Pai’s rollback of net neu-trality because he embarked on a pre-ordained purpose without proper rule-making to overturn the rule adopted by the FCC before he became Chair-man. When he initiated that process, he promised an ‘‘open and transparent process,’’ but the outcome was pre-determined from the start. That is not the way rulemaking should occur. That is why the courts will overturn it, and that is why we should be protected and proactive in this body and pass S.J. Res. 52. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, at this very moment, a high school junior is reading a report online for a class paper she has due at the end of the week. Not far from her house, a single mom who recently quit her job to fol-low her dream of becoming an app de-veloper is online teaching herself to code. In a city thousands of miles away, a small business owner is proc-essing an order online to keep the lights on and the bills paid for another month. Every night in living rooms across this country, grandparents pick up their smartphones to video chat with newborn grandchildren who are hundreds or even thousands of miles away. Let’s face it, the internet is intri-cately woven into the fabric of Amer-ican society. It is a very important part of our lives, but right now our ac-cess to a fair and open internet is under siege. In December, the Federal Communications Commission, the FCC, voted to eliminate the net neu-trality protections that stop internet providers from blocking access, fil-tering content, or charging higher fees for fast lanes—three tactics that giant internet companies want to use to con-trol the internet. The repeal of these protections has corporate greed and corruption written all over it. This may be what the spe-cial interests want, but the American people are opposed to the very idea of a restricted internet. Net neutrality provisions are wildly popular. When it comes to a free and open internet, 83 percent of Americans are clear about their position. They want and demand a free and open internet. That is true for small businesses, entrepreneurs, and people from all backgrounds. You have to ask yourself, Why would the FCC vote to eliminate those protec-tions? I will tell you why. Because under this administration, the FCC has be-come a puppet for giant internet pro-viders. The FCC’s current Chairman, Ajit Pai, has made it clear he will work to put special interests over what is good for the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.022 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2702 May 16, 2018 
The FCC was once an agency dedi-cated to protecting and promoting the public interest, but it has morphed into an agency that exists solely to do the bidding of giant telecom companies. It is a disgrace. Who can say we didn’t see this coming? When Donald Trump won the White House, then-FCC Commis-sioner Pai said that net neutrality’s days were numbered. Once Trump selected Pai to lead the FCC, Chairman Pai immediately got to work getting rid of net neutrality. He opened up a new public comment pe-riod, laying out a plan to destroy net neutrality, and he made it clear he would ignore the views of millions of Americans who weighed in to urge him to abandon that plan. The FCC received more comments on Chairman Pai’s plan to kill net neu-trality than any other rule in the FCC’s history. Millions submitted com-ments opposing Chairman Pai’s plan to kill net neutrality, but the FCC said it would ignore those comments unless they were, in its opinion, serious legal arguments. During the comment proc-ess, it was revealed that some of the comments had come from bots that had stolen Americans’ identities and others had come from Russian addresses, but Pai dismissed those concerns. He dem-onstrated that, no matter what, he would forge ahead with his plan to hand over the internet to the biggest and most powerful internet providers. If Chairman Pai’s plan is imple-mented, internet companies will lit-erally get to set their own rules gov-erning access to the internet. As long as they put their rules somewhere in the fine print, internet providers can pretty much do whatever they please. That is not the way government is sup-posed to work. The internet was cre-ated by a bunch of government and government-funded workers, and it is the government’s job to protect Ameri-cans’ access to a fair and open internet. The internet doesn’t belong to giant internet companies. It belongs to the students striving to build a better fu-ture. It belongs to the young women and men working day and night on a new idea that will change the world. It belongs to the small business owner whose success depends on operating her business online. It belongs to the grandmas and grandpas, the mothers and fathers, the sisters and brothers, and friends who depend on the internet to remain connected to the people they love. It belongs to people who like to watch their favorite shows online or read the news or shop or play video games or just browse the internet. It belongs to all of us. If the FCC will not stand up for the public interest, it is up to Congress to do so, but it will take this Republican- controlled Congress prying itself free from the grip of giant companies and doing what is right for the American people. Today, we can take the first step. I ask every one of my colleagues in the Senate to join me in voting yes on the CRA resolution to restore net neu-trality provisions. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I am here to lift up the voices of the fami-lies I represent in the State of Wash-ington who, like so many other Ameri-cans, agree the internet should be free and open; who agree our country should support small business owners and entrepreneurs and students and middle-class families, not big corpora-tions and special interests; who agree that consumers, not broadband pro-viders, should get to pick the websites they visit or applications they use; who agree the internet should be a level playing field that benefits end users and not slanted by broadband providers blocking content or charging for prioritized access. That is why so many of us are on the floor today, to give a voice to the vast majority of Americans who want the internet to remain a place that fosters innovation, economic opportunity, ro-bust consumer choice, and the free flow of knowledge. These things are not a luxury. They are what make American ingenuity possible. As a former preschool teach-er, I support net neutrality because it helps the next generation of innovators—our students, especially those in rural and low-income areas. Schools have worked very hard to im-prove access to high-speed connectivity for all students because they know, from early education through higher education, and through workforce training, students need high-speed internet in order to learn and get the skills they need. Their teachers need the internet to collaborate with col-leagues, access educational materials, help students learn valuable research and internet safety skills, and expand access to a high-quality education for students with disabilities and English learners. Rolling back net neutrality threat-ens that educational equity and wors-ens the digital divide. So let’s protect the free and open internet, not just for today’s consumers but for our stu-dents—the next generation of Amer-ican innovators. The choice could not be easier. Either we stand with every-day Americans or with the massive corporations that have found a new way to make more money off of them. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I rise, along with my colleagues here, to speak in strong support of the resolu-tion to restore strong net neutrality protections for Americans. This is, obviously, what the Amer-ican people want. For the vote that was just taken on the motion to pro-ceed, 52 for and 47 against, I think it shows how the American people’s will is being expressed in a bipartisan way. The American people understand how important these protections are to their lives and to the future of the internet. They do not want to have their websites blocked or internet ac-cess slowed, and they certainly don’t want internet providers making those decisions to block or slow. More than 20 million residents of Florida understand just how vital it is to have a free and open internet. I say that for my State, but that is, obvi-ously, the same for every other State as well. Millions of schoolchildren in my State—from Pensacola to Orlando, to the Florida Keys—and across the en-tire country benefit from educations that are built on a free and open inter-net. That is why educators and librar-ians throughout the country have ral-lied in favor of net neutrality. They know that an internet that is no longer free and open is a lost educational op-portunity for our children. Florida’s colleges, universities, and technical schools rely on the free and open internet for their vital edu-cational and research missions. Unfet-tered access to the internet is essential for research into issues that are crit-ical to the State and Nation, such as medical research, climate change, sea level rise—whatever the research is. Florida’s growing economy is equally reliant on a free and open internet. The growth of high-tech jobs all over the country and particularly in Florida, in-cluding the growth across the middle swath of Florida and the booming Space Coast has largely been built on advanced high-speed internet networks that have been available in those areas. Small businesses that are all around also use the internet as the great equalizer and bring the global market-place to their very doorsteps, but that global market for those companies ex-ists only as long as everyone on the internet is treated the same. If you start picking and choosing, then you lose the value of that equalizing, of a small company’s having a great idea and having access to the information just like a big company has. Citizens throughout my home State rely on the internet for civic and social engagement. The internet is today’s so-cial forum—the tool we use to stay en-gaged in the lives of family, friends, and peers. The internet can also be an equal-izing force. As such, it has been a place where communities of color have been able to tell their own stories in a way that they have never been able to be-fore. It has given minority commu-nities the power to organize, to share, and to support each other’s causes. To limit access to the net would be to help silence these voices that are just begin-ning to be heard. I don’t think we want to do that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.024 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2703 May 16, 2018 
Congress must ensure that the inter-net remains open to all—thus, the vote that we have coming up in just about an hour and a half. Unfortunately, the FCC has empowered internet providers to dictate consumers’ experiences on-line. What the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission did, Ajit Pai, is to go overboard in what he has tried. This Senator has spoken over and over for moderation in the ap-proaches to how the FCC would be in-volved with regard to regulating the internet. When websites can be blocked, when downloads can be slowed, and when consumers then have to pay more to access what they are actually looking for—that is not a free and open internet. It becomes a closed internet. I am very happy to be on the Senate floor with all of these other Senators who have spoken in favor of restoring the FCC’s net neutrality protections. The resolution before us immediately restores the FCC’s strong consumer protections for the internet. It will make sure that the internet content cannot be blocked or cannot be throt-tled. It will prevent internet providers from charging more for transmitting certain favored content. It will pre-serve the FCC’s authority to examine other practices that could harm con-sumers, and it will make sure that con-sumers will be given understandable, basic information about their internet services. It is necessary that this Con-gress protect consumers’ access to the internet. The choice before us today is clear. A vote in favor of this resolution is a vote to restore the free and open inter-net. It is a vote to keep control of the internet in the hands of those who use it. Congress must undo the FCC’s deci-sion to turn its back on American con-sumers by stripping away net neu-trality. The American public ought to be what we consider first. So I am happy to support this resolution. I call on my colleagues to join us in pro-tecting a free and open internet. In closing, this Senator, as one of the leaders of the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, has so often spoken in favor of the two sides getting together and negotiating legis-lation because we keep going on this roller coaster whereby the FCC does one thing and, then, the roller coaster goes the other way and it does another thing, and each time it acts, it goes to court. Ultimately, there ought to be a legislative solution. Today is about taking a stand on the excessive action by the FCC so that we can make sure to protect the free and open internet and give the ingenuity and creativity and Yankee inventive-ness of this country the opportunity to continue to blossom by using this new technological tool that has been, vir-tually, put into use in the past decade. We don’t want that internet throttled and limited. It needs to be free and open. I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr President, millions of Americans were outraged last year when the Federal Communications Commission, FCC, voted to repeal the strong and enforceable net neutrality rules that were adopted in 2015. As a supporter of a free and open internet, I share the public’s outrage over the loss of these critical protections, which is why I am voting in favor of this resolu-tion to restore the previous rules. By repealing net neutrality rules, the FCC and its supporters in Congress have achieved little more than to plunge consumers and small businesses into a fog of uncertainty. Instead of having concrete legal protections in place against blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization, internet users now have little more than vague promises from broadband providers about how they will treat content online. These promises could disappear with little notice or no recourse for those af-fected. This is the wrong way to ap-proach policy for the greatest engine of economic growth and free speech ever devised. The uncertainty created by Repub-licans at the FCC and blessed by too many here in Congress jeopardizes the success of small businesses and startups across the country. One of the main concerns I hear from small busi-nesses in Vermont is fear of paid prioritization. Without clear rules in place, broadband providers can set up pay-to-play schemes that disadvantage small businesses against deep-pocketed competitors. In a pay-to-play online world, small businesses will be forced to decide whether or not to pay tolls in order to avoid being stuck in the slow lane. These tolls do nothing to promote in-novation, but they would impose a tre-mendous cost on entrepreneurs. These costs would come at the expense of in-vesting in new equipment, new prod-ucts, or new jobs. For those who choose not to pay, the cost would be access to customers, who today already make de-cisions based on how fast a page or ap-plication loads. A few seconds of lag time can mean the difference between a sale made or a sale lost to a compet-itor. Net neutrality rules matter because they provide small businesses with the certainty that paid prioritization will not happen. The promises and state-ments made by leading broadband pro-viders following the repeal of the rules too often make no mention at all of their stance on paid prioritization. Others have quietly deleted promises not to engage in this behavior from their website. In February, the CEO of Sprint was quoted comparing the inter-net to roads, saying that, on many roads, ‘‘you have a faster road and you pay more. There’s nothing wrong with that.’’ Concerns about paid prioritization cannot be dismissed when CEOs of leading companies are speaking openly about the benefits of toll roads on the internet. This should not be a partisan issue. Republicans and Democrats alike should want to provide the small busi-ness community with the certainty that the internet will remain an equal playing field. The simple reality is that, without net neutrality rules, this certainty will not exist. The resolution we are considering today gives us the clearest path to restoring that cer-tainty. I urge all Senators to stand with the American people, small busi-nesses, and startups in supporting this resolution. Mr. NELSON. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, in De-cember, the FCC made a colossal mis-take by rolling back net neutrality protections. Today, the Senate has an opportunity to begin the process of righting that wrong with an up-or- down vote to overturn the FCC’s repeal and to restore the free and open inter-net. This is a big deal. We just had a vote with all Democrats, Independents, and three Republicans, and we have an-other vote at around 3 o’clock. If we fail, the FCC will end net neutrality protections in early June. But if we succeed, then this fight will go on to the next step in the House of Rep-resentatives. This vote is a no-brainer. Net neu-trality is one of the most popular issues that the Senate will consider this year. There is no other issue that polls so decisively on one side. A sur-vey by the University of Maryland found that 83 percent of people are in favor of net neutrality, and that in-cludes 75 percent of Republicans, 89 percent of Democrats, and 86 percent of Independents. When you think about people’s expe-rience with their ISP, it makes perfect sense. People are already frustrated with the limited competitive options for the providers they have. Then, once they sign up for service, they find there are hidden fees. They have to pay for the installation. They have to wait for the installation. They have to rent the cable box. Their bill suddenly goes up within a year of service, finding out they were only engaged in a pro-motional offer. In other words, many people don’t like their internet service providers. They like the internet, but they don’t like the lack of choice and all the hassle and expense that comes with getting on the internet. So if you ask people if we should get rid of the rules that actually give con-sumers control over their internet ac-cess, if we should give broadband com-panies more power over our lives, they say no. Providers promise to be good to consumers. In fact, many of them have said that they don’t need the FCC to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.025 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2704 May 16, 2018 
maintain a free and open internet be-cause they are already officially com-mitted to the idea. But without net neutrality, there is nothing in the law that prevents companies from treating content or websites differently. In fact, many of these publicly traded companies—once the dust settles, once the politics of this net neutrality issue wanes—will be talking to their chief fi-nancial officers, and their board of di-rectors will be asking: Why are you not maximizing revenue? Why are you not charging consumers more when you can? If the answer is ‘‘In the process of trying to prevent a piece of legislation from passing, we made a promise,’’ the board of directors will say ‘‘Well, change your mind.’’ The only thing that can stop a cor-poration that provides broadband serv-ices to consumers from doing all the wrong things is a law. It is not a prom-ise; it is a law. So the question for the Senate is very simple: Whose side are you on? Are you for the consumers who are asking us to protect the internet or are you with the telecommunications com-panies? I want to be really clear here. There is no constituency on the other side of this, other than the telecommuni-cations companies. You don’t go to a townhall meeting and see this thing evenly split. When we were debating the Iran deal or the Affordable Care Act or an infrastructure bill or the tax bill, even in a deep blue State like Ha-waii or a deep red State like those of some of my colleagues, there are al-ways people on both sides of the issue. I have not met one human being in Ha-waii who is against net neutrality, and I challenge anyone out there to find someone who is against net neutrality. The only constituency for this is the people who would benefit from what the FCC has already done. Some are pointing to a bill in the House that would take care of a few of the problems that come with getting rid of net neutrality. But when you dig a little deeper, it is clear that this is not a compromise. It doesn’t offer close to the protection that net neutrality gives consumers and small businesses. In fact, it gives these ISPs the ability to charge small businesses and con-sumers more money for different types of content, and that is the crux of the issue. Again, go ask a consumer or a small business owner, and they will tell you that they are already frustrated with internet providers, and they ex-pect Congress to do the right thing and look out for their interests. This issue is incredibly important to young people. They have grown up on the internet. It is part of their lives, and they do not want Congress to stand by and do nothing as this FCC allows internet providers to change the way we access the internet. It is clear to me that net neutrality is popular among everyone—older peo-ple, young people, small business own-ers, Republicans, Democrats, Independ-ents, red States, and blue States. It is also clear that the benefits of the ISPs do not come close to outweighing the benefits that students, businesses, schools, families, and others will get from a free and open internet. With this vote, every Member of the Senate will be on the record for or against net neutrality. I hope every Member will choose to vote the way nearly all of America wants us to and restore net neutrality. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I was in a conversation with a group of Okla-homans just last week, and the issue of net neutrality came up in that con-versation. A gentleman there who had published his content on the internet seemed very concerned about net neu-trality and wanted to make sure that the content he had he could continue to publish, and he would not have to go to every single ISP—internet service provider—across the country and nego-tiate a deal with them. That is what happens with net neutrality. I said: It is very interesting. Has that happened to you? Have you faced that? He said: No, but I am afraid I might. Here is the problem we have with this conversation about net neutrality. For 20 years, the internet functioned under a very clear set of rules. The Federal Trade Commission had a set of rules both for content providers and for the fiber—the internet service pro-viders. There was a clear set of rules. They couldn’t violate any trade prac-tices. They couldn’t do monopolies. They couldn’t violate the basic rules of commerce. There was a very clear set of rules. Then, 2 years ago, the FCC—the FTC is the Federal Trade Commission, and the FTC has been the one regulating the internet for two decades. The FCC decided they wanted to regulate not the content and the internet service providers, just the internet service pro-viders. So the FCC, in an unprece-dented ruling that had already gone to court multiple times and failed, grabbed the regulatory control from the FTC and said: We will take the internet service providers, and we will manage them, and you keep the con-tent folks. That is the fight we are in right now. It is the funniest thing to me to be in a conversation about net neutrality be-cause the implication is that the inter-net will not be free if the government doesn’t regulate it with this particular entity—the FCC. When I ask people ‘‘Would it be OK if the government reg-ulated with the FTC, the Federal Trade Commission?’’ most people say ‘‘Well, that would be fine too.’’ Well, good, be-cause that is the way it has been for 20 years. For 20 years, there has been one set of rules on the superhighway of the internet—the Federal Trade Commis-sion. Here is what I would like to say to people who are trying to listen in and trying to figure this out: Most of the arguments and the fights that have come about cost increases and about paid prioritization and about blocking and about people monitoring content haven’t been from the internet service providers. It has been from the content folks. You tell me, when you go to your news feed on whatever social media site you go to or whatever news site you go to, are there paid commercials that come up first, and then your friends come up second? Probably most of the time. Are there certain bits of content that you pay more for if you are on Facebook? You can put this out, but you will reach more people if you pay for it? Yes. But that is not net neu-trality. The argument about net neutrality doesn’t have anything to do with those content folks. It is about the internet service providers. So why do I bring this up? Here is what has happened. Over the past 2 years, America has been drawn into a fight between two sets of megacompanies. Google, Facebook, and Netflix are at war with AT&T, Comcast, and all the major internet service providers. You have the content folks on the web fighting with the internet service providers that actually provide the fiber that connects the con-tent. They are fighting over their busi-ness, and the way the content pro-viders have worded it, they have said: We want the internet to be neutral. We don’t want to have customers pay more for certain content, and we don’t want the internet service providers to charge more based on that content, while the whole time the content folks are charg-ing people for the type of content. They are literally arguing and saying: We don’t want them to do what we do every single day—what Google does every day, what Facebook does every day. In fact, they fight about not want-ing internet service providers to filter out content when, of late, Facebook seems to put out every week a new re-lease about how they are filtering con-tent from places they don’t like. Here is what we really want: a fair, flat playing field for everyone, and ev-eryone who wants free speech can have free speech on the internet. If you want to start a new business, you can put up a website on the internet, and you don’t have to worry about somebody filtering you out. This is not China—a place where they will filter out and de-cide whether you can put your content out. This is the United States of Amer-ica, and everybody wants their content to be able to go out, to be fair, and not to have someone judge it. That is what we want with an open internet. By the way, that is what you have if the Fed-eral Trade Commission goes back to regulating, as they have for 20 years. I ask a simple question: Was the internet open and fair for content in 2015? I believe it was. If you check your history books from 3 years ago, I think you will find that the internet was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.027 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2705 May 16, 2018 
open in 2015. Facebook was out there. Netflix was out there. YouTube was out there. It was open in 2015. We are not talking about any set of rules that is different than how the internet operated in 2015. But what we don’t want to have is two different sets of rules where this set of companies— Google and Facebook and Netflix—gets to tell a different set of companies, the fiber, how to do their business. Neither do we want the fiber companies telling the content folks how to run their businesses. Let them compete. A lot of people say that there are only a few internet service providers that are out there. Well, in the United States, there are 4,500 internet service providers that are out there. Yes, there are some big ones, but there are a lot of small ones. If the big ones mis-behave, guess what happens. Competi-tion will beat them down, and those small companies will beat them be-cause the big companies get out of line. It is the way America works and the way competition works when you keep it fair and open. It is a misnomer to talk about net neutrality as if it is not neutral right now. There are a lot of fears and a lot of innuendos. There are a lot of accusa-tions and what-ifs and maybe they will come out and I am afraid the boogeyman is going to come and take the over the internet. Really, what is happening is that two giant sets of companies are competing and asking the government to jump in the middle and the Googles and Facebooks and Netflix are asking this government to put restrictions to the internet service providers that they are not willing to actually have themselves. Why don’t we just do this: Let every-one compete and not try to have the government in between. Can we have net neutrality where we don’t have blocking of content, where we have fair trade rules, where we make sure every-one gets access to the internet? Yes. We can have that when the Federal Trade Commission actually oversees those rules as they have for two dec-ades. There is a lot of hyperbole in this. I just wish there were more facts coming to the table at the same time the hy-perbole is coming out. The simplest conversation I can have is actually a conversation I had with a mayor not long ago. We were talking through the complexity of this and about fiber networks and about broadband and capabilities and speed and all these things. He said: Hold on. I am a mayor. Can we talk about water pipes for a minute? I said: Sure. He said: So what you are telling me is there is lots of water going into the water pipe and lots of people who are using that water, and we have to find a fair way to be able to get all that water out because there is more water trying to get into that pipe than we can actu-ally get out on the other end, and it is backing up. I said: Yes, sir. That is exactly what I am saying, but it is zeros and ones running through a piece of fiber, not water running through a pipe. He said: I can get that. Let’s just keep it fair so that every person who wants to get access to it can get access to it and we are not discriminating on the water coming through the pipe. It is pretty easy. We can do that right now with the Federal Trade Com-mission. Tomorrow, I am chairing the hearing in the subcommittee that I lead in Ap-propriations. We will have the Chair-man of the FCC and the Chairman of the FTC sit down for a 2-hour conversa-tion, and I am sure much of it will be on this issue of net neutrality. My en-couragement is for people to actually listen in to get the facts about net neu-trality and not the emotion and not what the Googles and Facebooks and NetFlix are telling you what to think, because they are competing against the other guys. Come and get the real facts. We will lay the facts on the table. If there is an area that needs to be handled with new regulations, I would be glad to engage, but quite frankly, I think the internet needs the lightest touch possible. I don’t see a reason why the Federal Government should get in the business of free speech and tell peo-ple what they can and can’t say. Let’s keep the internet open and free and fair and not block content, but let’s also not try to jump between two sets of megacompanies and pick winners and losers at the same time. Let’s keep it open and stay out of the business of telling businesses how to run their businesses. Mr. President, I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, before the Senate today is the question of whether we will continue to have free and open access to the internet in the United States of America. Every day, millions of Americans log on. They rely on the internet to help their child with his or her homework assignment, help a father video call his mother, who may live three States away, or help a small business woman make a sale to a customer halfway across the world. Currently, the people who use the internet in the United States and oth-ers like them are free to enjoy the internet as they wish. When you logged on this morning, you had the same ac-cess to the internet as every other American. There is no fear that some internet provider is going to step in and say: Wait a minute. We are going to slow down your service until you pay us more money or limit your ac-cess to certain apps and information based on whether you pay an addi-tional fee. What a contrast that is to things like cable television. What package did you buy? How many chan-nels are in there? How much access do you have? Are you going to pay the bill again next month? That is quite a bit different, isn’t it, from our access to the internet? Currently, users around the country are enjoying free access to an open and neutral internet, but that is all about to change. It is about to change be-cause this new President and his new head of the Federal Communications Commission believe that our access to the internet should be for sale. In fact, this administration thinks everything ought to be for sale—public lands, our privacy, and in this case, our unfet-tered pathway to information. Thanks to the leadership of E
DMAR-
KEYof Massachusetts and many of my colleagues, we come today to discuss this fundamental issue. This is a rare day in the Senate. We are actually dis-cussing an issue of substance on the floor. I welcome the visitors for this historic moment. We are preparing to vote tomorrow on whether the decision of the Trump administration’s Federal Communications Commission, which ends net neutrality, is going to succeed or fail. Luckily, we were joined by at least one Republican—I didn’t look at the final rollcall—to move us forward in this debate. All the Democrats and at least one Republican voted for this, and we prevailed. Tomorrow, we hope to do the same. We hope it will be done on a bipartisan basis as well. Follow this debate because my guess is that it is going to impact you and your life. If the Trump administration and the Federal Communications Com-mission have their way, they are going to change our access to the internet for every single family, every single busi-ness, every single doctor—the list goes on. In December, the FCC voted to put the needs of companies ahead of con-sumers and to undo net neutrality in the United States. This great party on the other side of the aisle who talks about freedom—we want Americans to have freedom—wants to take away our freedom for access to the internet. Why? So somebody can buy parts of it and sell them back to us. Under their new plan, the FCC would allow companies to freely block or slow down any American’s access to websites based on the company’s finan-cial interests and would allow paid prioritization practices which create internet fast lanes and slow lanes based on who can afford to pay more for the service. What a change that is from what we have today. Everyone has a favorite website they visit every day. In the morning, I race in here and get to the newspapers in Il-linois, for example, to see what is going on in my home State. Well, what if one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.028 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2706 May 16, 2018 
day you typed in the address of that newspaper and nothing popped up or you were able to visit it, but it took twice as long to download it? Remember those days when you used to deal with dial-up? Some of the young people in the Chamber are prob-ably scratching their head and asking: What is dial-up all about? Well, those days did exist, and it was a much dif-ferent world in the internet, which we could return to because of that FCC de-cision. This could be the reality under the Trump administration’s Federal Communications Commission. For internet providers, this means they can discriminate against specific content on the internet and be free to do so in the name of competition. For consumers, it means less service and higher costs. For entrepreneurs and small businesses, there is also a risk. I had a meeting this morning with the Illinois Realtors. There were about 20 of them gathered in the hallway. I was in a committee hearing. They said: The first item on our agenda is net neutrality. I said: Realtors and net neutrality? Explain. They said: Well, people are now look-ing for their homes on the internet. Perspective purchasers of homes do video tours of all of these different homes. We want our customers to have access to the internet so they can go shopping for their next home. We think it is good for American business. So do I—but not the Federal Commu-nications Commission. They disagree. The internet has given the businesses not only access to customers but a global reach and ability to compete with companies large and small. Suc-cess isn’t determined on how rich your business is. It is how good your product is. If our country wants to grow its economy and continue to lead the world in innovation, we cannot allow the internet to become a place where businesses impose a pay-to-play sce-nario. I can’t understand how the other party—this party of individualism and freedom—wants to take this freedom away from the American people. If the FCC’s harmful new plan is al-lowed to take effect, consumers, busi-nesses, and hard-working families will be hurt. It is no wonder that public support for net neutrality is over-whelming. America gets it. The Fed-eral Communications Commission and the President may not, but America understands this. All over the country, students, teachers, businesses, individ-uals, and families, are all making their voices heard, and I encourage them to continue to do so. We need more Republicans to stand up for your freedom. We need more Re-publican Senators to join us in what should be a strong, bipartisan effort. The Federal Communications Com-mission has announced that its radical plan to end net neutrality will take ef-fect next month—next month—unless Congress stops it. We are starting today with this vote in the Senate. We will finish it tomor-row. Then, if we are successful, it goes across the Rotunda to the House. If they do nothing, your right to the internet is going to be destroyed. Today every Senator will have a chance to tell their constituents ex-actly where they stood on this issue of personal freedom—whether content on the internet should be treated equally and consumer access be a matter of how much you can pay. I think the an-swer is obvious, and so do the over-whelming majority of Americans. Will the Republican Party please join us in a bipartisan effort to stand up for something that Americans across the board support? I urge my colleagues to support the concept of net neutrality and the CRA resolution before the Senate. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, last year, in 2017, we watched a series of battles related to the very fundamental vision of our Constitution—whether we are going to do the people’s work or whether we are going to be a Senate run by the most powerful and privi-leged in America. There is no question how that came out. It was the powerful and the privileged. Three major things happened in 2017. The first was a health bill designed to destroy healthcare for some 30 million Americans, thereby also affecting ev-erybody else by raising the costs of healthcare and putting our rural healthcare clinics and our rural hos-pitals out of business. That was a bill for the powerful and the privileged and against the people. Then we had the tax bill—a bill that borrows $1.5 trillion from the next gen-eration. Our pages on the floor here are the next generation. We gave the bill to them and then gave the proceeds to the very richest of Americans, increas-ing and accelerating inequality in wages and inequality in wealth. That is legislation by and for the powerful— not we the people. Then we saw the theft of a Supreme Court seat, done directly to maintain a court case called Citizens United, which allows the wealthiest Americans to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to drown out the voices of the people here in our democratic republic. That is government by and for the powerful and the privileged instead of we the people. Wouldn’t it be amazing if this Cham-ber actually believed in this Constitu-tion—this vision of distributing power among the voting citizens—so we have, as Jefferson said, laws that reflect the will of the people? Here we are today with another issue that is a battle between the vision of our Constitution and government by and for the powerful. It is called net neutrality What is net neutrality? It is making the internet a place where we can all participate on an equal foundation, with the freedom to have a full right to participate in the information world of today and tomorrow and a full oppor-tunity to participate on a level playing field in the economic battleground of today and tomorrow. Freedom is what net neutrality is about. This is what the Federal Communica-tions Commission wants: It wants to have a fast lane for the rich and the powerful, and it wants to have a slow lane, where you are hardly moving at all, for all the rest of us—all of work-ing America, stuck here in a congested internet while they sell off the fast lane to the wealthiest. That is what this is about. The FCC, or the Federal Communica-tions Commission, proceeded in its de-cision to take away equality on the internet, to ignore the technical ex-perts, to produce studies that are de-bunked by the experts, and to conduct a fraudulent public comment period where bots, or robotized comments, were filing fake comments by the mil-lions. They didn’t even want America to be able to weigh in legitimately. We said: Redo the comment period and put up an interface to stop the bots so real people can weigh in. You could have real input from real Americans. That is ‘‘we the people’’ government. The FCC said: No way, because we are bent on our track. What was their track? To allow dis-crimination on the internet by the type of user, to allow discrimination on the internet based on the type of busi-ness or the type of social content, to allow discrimination on the internet by the type of website, to allow discrimi-nation by the type of platform or by using an iPhone or a desktop, to allow discrimination based on the software application—is it Safari or is it Google? Why is that? Because the internet service providers can sell, through that license to discriminate, a fast lane to the rich and powerful while the rest of us are stuck in traffic. It is totally unfair. People in Amer-ica get it. They understand that this is the opposite of what it means to have a government that reflects the will of the people. If we go back to our Founders, James Madison said: ‘‘The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty.’’ ‘‘The ad-vancement and diffusion of knowledge is the guardian of true liberty.’’ But today a sizable share of the Members of the Senate want to shut down advance-ment and diffusion of knowledge on a level playing field and sell our right to equality to the highest bidder. They want to put the modern user— the student, the child, the math teach-er, the entrepreneur, the small busi-ness—they want to lock them in chains and say: We are taking away your free-dom to participate in the public square on an equal basis. That is simply wrong. We know it is wrong because millions of Americans have weighed in. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.029 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2707 May 16, 2018 
On some days in my office, I have had phone calls that are 100 to 1—1 or 2 or 3 people arguing: Sure, let the powerful sell off our freedom. But for every 1 of those folks, there are 100 citizens say-ing: No way, fight for fairness. Fight for equality. Fight for our freedom to participate on a level playing field. We hear it from all kinds of small businesses. More than 6,000 have for-mally weighed in. We hear it from all kinds of organizations. I hear it from the Realtors. I hear it from the res-taurant owners. Everyone who isn’t one of the superelite in America wants equal participation and freedom on the internet, but there is a whole host of colleagues today who are considering voting for the elite and rich and power-ful over their constituents. I encourage you to rethink your pri-orities because we have a responsi-bility, under our Constitution, to do government by and for the people, not the powerful. We have heard from chiropractors. We have heard from people who per-form at music venues. We have heard from graphic design artists. We have heard from medical startups. We have heard from everyone across the spec-trum saying: Give me a fair chance to compete. A fair chance to compete is an Amer-ican value. Let us not trounce that value into the mud today. I anticipate that at 3 p.m. we are going to have a vote on this floor, and the majority of this Senate—a slim majority—is going to fight for freedom, and the rest are going to say: No way, I am not fighting for freedom. I am fighting for the big and powerful people in America. That is just wrong. Then this bill will go to the House. When it goes to the House, there will be another battle. So having won here by a slim margin—a slim, bipartisan margin—we have to win in the House, which means that we need the Amer-ican people to weigh in. Here is the thing. The rich and pow-erful really want to win the fight. Oh, they are going to be spending a lot of money to win this fight. They are going to be sending a lot of lobbyists down the hall to win this fight. So we have to have the people of America weigh in and let them know across the hall, down the hall, down this road to the House that as the people’s House, they should do the people’s business. Let’s set the example here in the Senate. Let’s not have a slim majority fight for freedom for Americans. Let’s have the entire body weigh in with a robust, extensive majority, fighting— fighting—for freedom on the internet. Let’s win this battle today, and let’s win it in a few days down the hall. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
NOMINATION OF GINA HASPEL  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, yes-terday President Trump joined Repub-lican Senators for lunch. He was very optimistic and very positive about a lot of the developments in America’s foreign policy in places like North Korea. At the same time, we all recog-nize that the world continues to be a very dangerous place. National secu-rity must be our first responsibility. My goal is a nation that is safe, strong, and secure. To have safety and security at home, we need peace and stability abroad. Re-publicans in Congress understand that. So does President Trump, and so does Gina Haspel. That is why the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence today approved Gina Haspel’s nomina-tion to lead the Central Intelligence Agency. It was a bipartisan vote. That used to be the normal way things operated around here—in a bi-partisan way. When you had a nominee who was undeniably qualified, they got support from both sides of the aisle. It has become very uncommon over the past year. Democrats have decided to obstruct President Trump’s nominees for impor-tant jobs almost at any cost, but Gina Haspel got this rare bipartisan ap-proval from the committee for the right reason—because she is the right person for this job. Now we will have a vote on the Senate floor. This should be one of the easiest votes for Members of the Senate to cast all year. The Director of the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency is a very im-portant member of the President Trump’s national security team. She is the right person for the job. She has been a career intelligence of-ficer for 33 years. That goes back to the days of the Ronald Reagan administra-tion. She actually got interested in the CIA when she learned that women could serve there doing clandestine work all around the world. She has served in Africa, Russia, Cen-tral Europe, and Asia. She has held top jobs at the Agency’s headquarters. She understands every element of the work of America’s intelligence community. Since she is actually the acting head of the Agency today, I think anyone would be hard-pressed to say she is not up to the job, because she is doing the job. She has the faith and the trust of the men and women in the field who keep us safe every day. Let’s not forget that she has also worked very closely with Mike Pompeo. He was head of the CIA. Now he is Secretary of State. Having two people in these important jobs who al-ready have a solid, respectful working relationship is extremely important for making sure that the U.S. foreign pol-icy is airtight. No one else that the President could have nominated would have been able to work as closely with Secretary of State Pompeo. She is an expert on ter-rorism. She is an intelligence expert. She is a national security expert. She began her work at the CIA dur-ing the Cold War. So she has a deep un-derstanding of Russia and a deep un-derstanding of our challenges there. I think it is clear that Gina Haspel is an absolute star nominee for this vi-tally important job. I am not the only one saying so. The list of people who have come out and endorsed her nomi-nation goes on and on. At least six former leaders of the Central Intel-ligence Agency have all come out pub-licly to praise her qualifications and her abilities. CIA Directors under President Obama, under President Bush, under President Clinton—Repub-licans and Democrats alike—all agree she is the right person for this job. Look at what they have had to say. Michael Hayden was Director under President Bush. He wrote: ‘‘Gina Haspel is the person America needs at the CIA.’’ He said: ‘‘She is someone you want in the room when big decisions are being made.’’ Listen to what Leon Panetta, who had the job under President Obama, said. He said that he was glad she would be the first woman to head the Agency because ‘‘frankly she is some-one who really knows the CIA inside out.’’ Look at John Brennan, who also ran the Agency for President Obama. He said in an interview that she has the experience, the breadth, and the depth—on intelligence issues and for-eign policy issues over many, many years. It is clear this is someone who is very highly regarded by people who know her, people who have worked with her, and people who have relied on her judg-ment and her expertise. That expertise and that clear-eyed judgment is more important today than perhaps at any other time since the end of the Cold War. Our Nation’s adversaries are cunning, they are opportunistic, and they are aggressive. We face challenges in deal-ing with Syria and in dealing with ISIS. We have a lot of work ahead of us in Iran. Next month, President Trump will be meeting with North Korea to try to end their nuclear program. Now, I remain skeptical about North Korea, and so do a lot of Republicans in the Senate, but this is the best opportunity we have ever had to try to get nuclear weapons out of North Korea. The President needs his full team in place. This isn’t a simple political game for Democrats to play for the TV cameras. This is about the peace and security of the world and safety and strength for the United States. As a CIA officer for more than 30 years, Gina Haspel has had to make tough decisions to keep our country safe. The decision we face to confirm her nomination to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency is not a tough decision at all. I will vote loudly and clearly in support of her nomina-tion. When she is confirmed, all Americans will be able to sleep soundly, knowing she is on the job providing the security we all need. Thank you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.031 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2708 May 16, 2018 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I thank the Presiding Officer, and I thank all of my colleagues here today. This has been a very important debate to have on the floor of the U.S. Senate. It is a debate over whether we are going to continue to have a free and open inter-net. This vote is a test of the U.S. Sen-ate, and the American people are watching very closely. This vote is about small businesses, librarians, schoolteachers, innovators, social advocates, YouTubers, college students, and millions of other Ameri-cans who have spoken with one voice to say: Access to the internet is our right, and we will not sit idly by while this administration stomps on that right. This vote is our moment to show our constituents that the U.S. Senate can break through the partisanship and break past the powerful outside influ-ences to do the right thing—the right thing for our economy, the right thing for our democracy, the right thing for our consumers, and the right thing for our future. This is common sense to Americans around the country, with the only ex-ception being telecom lobbyists and lawyers inside the beltway. How do I know? Because 86 percent of all Ameri-cans in polling agree that net neu-trality should stay on the books as the law of the United States. The public is telling us loudly and clearly to vote for this resolution. They are telling us they don’t trust their internet service provider to show up on time for a customer service ap-pointment at their house, so they cer-tainly don’t trust them to put con-sumers ahead of profits. They are telling us that once they pay their internet bill, they expect fair access to the internet. They are telling us they are sick of the special interests getting their way while the rest of us get the short end of the stick. So I ask each and every one of my colleagues today to heed the calls of the American people to keep the inter-net open, to keep the principle of non-discrimination at the heart of what the internet has been and must continue to be, not just for the most powerful voices but for those who have the smallest voices inside of our society. That includes entrepreneurs who just last year received half of all venture capital in the United States which went to software and internet startups. That is what we need. We need to un-derstand how this incredibly chaotic entrepreneurial system in our country works, and at the heart of it is net neu-trality. Just 2 weeks ago, in Massachusetts, I had a meeting with 500 people on net neutrality. I invited Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the worldwide web. Tim Berners-Lee was selected by Time magazine as one of the 20 great-est thinkers, scientists, and innovators of the 20th century. Who else was on the list with him? Sigmund Freud, Edi-son, Henry Ford. Tim Berners-Lee is the inventor of the worldwide web, the organizing prin-ciple of the web. What he said is, the principles of nondiscrimination are baked into the internet. It was his in-tent to have it work that way so there could be no discrimination. What we are talking about is a fundamental change. The largest companies now want to implement fundamental change in order for them to ensure that competitors cannot compete as well as they could if they could not be dis-criminated against—that consumers have the protections they need so they are not harmed, and so this innovation economy can continue to unleash itself for the benefit of the United States, so we are, No. 1, looking over our shoul-ders at Nos. 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 in the world. The internet and its success is a story about the United States being No. 1, not any individual company, and certainly not a small handful of broadband companies. That is why the rest of the world envies what we have in our country, this incredible engine of innovation which has created mil-lions of new jobs since the 1996 Tele-communications Act was passed, since this digital revolution was unleashed. We must keep these principles intact. That is what we are debating here today on the floor of the United States Senate. We are debating what the prin-ciples should be for this organizing principle of our country for the 21st century, which is the internet. From my perspective, the only way in which every American, every entrepreneur, every new idea is going to have a shot at helping to make our country better is if net neutrality stays on the books. So this is a defining vote, the most important vote that we are going to have in this generation, on the inter-net. The whole country is watching. Eighty-six percent of all voters support net neutrality, 82 percent of all Repub-licans support net neutrality. If it is not broke, don’t fix it. It is working, and it works for the smallest voices and for the largest voices. What these huge internet companies, the internet service providers, want to do is change the rules, tilt the playing field. It was a long route to get to this era. We had one telephone company, one cable company, monopolies going into people’s homes. It took a lot to get away from that era so that smaller voices, newer voices could be heard. When that happened, it unleashed tril-lions of dollars of private-sector invest-ment the software and internet compa-nies, these innovators, were now able to gain access to. They could have done it if the rules made it possible before we changed the laws in the 1990s. But since then, they have—and they have reinvented, not just the United States of America, but they have reinvented the whole world. There is a vocabulary which has been created since 1996, words that now everyone thinks are common: Google, Amazon, E-Bay, Hulu, You Tube. They didn’t exist. They didn’t have a role in our society. We had to change the rules in order to make it possible for them. There is a whole new generations of companies whose names we do not know yet, but because of net neutrality they will be known. They will be the job creators for the next several decades in our country. So I thank all Members who partici-pated in this debate. There won’t be a more important one that we have, be-cause it goes right to the heart of our identity as a free and open society. I urge my fellow Senators to vote yes on my Congressional Review Act resolu-tion to restore the net neutrality rules to the books. Mr. President, I yield back the re-mainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The Senator from South Da-kota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, we are about to vote on this Congressional Re-view Act resolution of disapproval dealing with this issue of net neu-trality. Let me say again what I said at the beginning of this discussion earlier today; that is, I support principles of net neutrality that can be enshrined in law, that actually do address the issues people on the other side are concerned about, whether that is a ban on block-ing of lawful content, a ban on throt-tling of internet speeds, a ban on paid prioritization that would create fast lanes, slow lanes, and that sort of thing. Those are things on which I think there is pretty broad agreement. Frankly, it seems to me, at least, there is bipartisan support for pursuing a legislative solution to this—to put into law, to codify once and for all those principles of an open internet. In-stead, we are having this fake argu-ment over a Congressional Review Act resolution of disapproval, which is going nowhere, and my colleagues on the other side know that. All it does is prolong the period of uncertainty in which we have been operating for some time, where internet service providers are not investing in new technologies, innovation, and infrastructure and in-stead are investing in lawyers and liti-gation as this cloud of uncertainty hangs over the regulation of the inter-net. What our colleagues on the other side are proposing is simply this: Regulate the internet like a public utility in the same way that Ma Bell was regulated back in the 1930s, because the law they would use to regulate the internet is title II of the 1934 Communications Act—basically saying: We want to take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.033 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2709 May 16, 2018 
a law that is 80 years old and use it to regulate a 21st-century innovation like the internet—the internet that ex-ploded under the light-touch regime that was in place up until 2015. In 2015, the FCC decided they wanted to use the heavy hand of government regulation as opposed to a light touch. What this FCC has said, simply, is that we are going to go back to the light- touch regulation that was in place for the first two decades of its existence, two decades that led to explosive growth, dramatic increases in produc-tivity, and economic opportunity for Americans all over the country. Here we are today talking about a Congres-sional Review Act resolution of dis-approval that would roll back that FCC’s decision in an attempt to restore and put back in place the heavyhanded regulation of title II under the 1934 Communications Act. I think, frankly, that we can solve this issue quite simply; that is, to sit down in a bipartisan way and figure out a way to enshrine into law those principles of an open internet that would ban the things I just talked about—ban blocking, ban throttling, ban pay prioritization, but do it in a way that does not draw on the title II authority that essentially gives the FCC the authority, if they want to, to regulate rates. This is a heavyhanded government approach to regulating the most power-ful economic engine we have seen lit-erally in generations. I think the clear vote here today is in favor of legisla-tion that would put those rules into ef-fect and against a Congressional Re-view Act resolution of disapproval, which is simply an attempt to, I guess, gain partisan advantage with an issue that people seem to think will be use-ful in the upcoming elections. Honestly, it is not going anywhere. We all know that. I think the sooner we conclude that and the sooner we get serious about sitting down together across from each other and actually putting into law these principles of an open internet, the better off we will all be. I mentioned this earlier today. There are a number of our colleagues who have made statements publicly, as recently as yesterday at a Commerce Subcommittee hearing, where they supported that approach of bipartisan legislation. I had colleagues on the other side who have made public state-ments—and I quoted some of them today—in support of a legislative solu-tion along the lines of what I am pro-posing here. Of course, we have had multiple examples of misstatements and hyped-up statements that aren’t grounded in any sense of reality, so much so that even a Washington Post Fact Checker came out and said that the statements that were being made by the Democrats warranted three Pinocchios. The L.A. Times just this last week editorialized: ‘‘Rather than jousting over a resolution of dis-approval, Congress needs to put this issue to bed once and for all by crafting a bipartisan deal giving the commis-sion limited but clear authority to reg-ulate broadband providers and preserve net neutrality.’’ That is the way to do this. It is not to have an FCC that bounces back and forth from administration to adminis-tration at the whim of whatever the political wins of the day are or, per-haps even worse yet, spends a lot of time in court litigating this issue— millions and millions of dollars that could be spent investing in innovation and new technology and new infra-structure that could deliver higher, faster speeds, higher quality of services to people across this country, including those in rural areas who have missed out on a lot of this. You are not going to get broadband providers to deliver services or invest in rural areas if they are operating under a cloud of uncer-tainty, which is what this CRA, if it were successful, would ultimately lead to. I simply ask our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to reject this ill-fated, frankly, charade of an exercise that we are going through in exchange for a true discussion of bipartisan legisla-tion. I mentioned earlier that I had a draft from 2015 that we put together. I have had numerous opportunities to discuss that draft with Members on the other side. We have socialized some of these issues. We shopped them around. It certainly is not the end-all product, but that is what legislation is about. It is about the opportunity to sit down, take input from both sides, and come up with a bipartisan solution. I think that is certainly within our reach here if we are willing to do it, but this is not the way to do it. This is a dead-end canyon, which does nothing to solve the issue. All it does is perhaps whip up some people who are perhaps interested in trying to use this as a political wedge issue, but it is not going to do anything to solve the problem. I urge my colleagues to reject and vote no on this resolution of disapproval, and let’s get serious about legislating. I yield back the remainder of our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has been yielded back. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? Mr. MARKEY. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 47, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 97 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—47 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 52) was passed, as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 52 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Restoring Internet Freedom’’ (83 Fed. Reg. 7852 (February 22, 2018)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Mitchell Zais, of South Caro-lina, to be Deputy Secretary of Edu-cation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Zais nomina-tion? Mr. MANCHIN. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.034 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2710 May 16, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 98 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The Senator from Texas. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-sume legislative session for a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NET NEUTRALITY Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today our Democratic colleagues insisted on an aimless vote on the issue of net neu-trality. This is what has been called by the Wall Street Journal a vague name which essentially is cover for regula-tion of the internet like a utility under the previous regime, which is the Obama-era regime. Following the FCC issuance last De-cember of the Restoring Internet Free-dom Order, our Democratic colleagues vowed to make net neutrality a cam-paign issue. To me, one of the most maddening things about the title ‘‘net neutrality’’ is that this is the opposite of neu-trality. This is all about more regula-tion of the internet. Oh, by the way, I noticed that the internet seemed to be working just fine while this Restoring Internet Freedom Order by the FCC was in effect. How did they do this? By painting the FCC’s decision as proof somehow— and I am not really sure how, other than maybe gullible press and people willing to just accept their argument at face value—that some of us are against net neutrality. That is just not the case. I believe the free market has done more to help the internet grow and succeed as an engine of commerce and something that allows us to commu-nicate with our friends and family, share pictures and the like, beyond our wildest dreams. I guess Thomas Fried-man’s book ‘‘The World is Flat’’ talked about how one of the most important events in recent history was the devel-opment of the world wide web in 1995. We have come a long way since 1995, and the internet has succeeded beyond our wildest dreams, which is the reason the last thing we should want is the government to come in and inject itself with more controls. We have always supported a free and open internet. Internet service pro-viders should not be able to block, slow, or otherwise unfairly discrimi-nate against any legal website or on-line service. In fact, it was our Demo-cratic colleagues who blocked Repub-licans from passing the bill earlier today that would have prevented the internet service providers from being able to do just that. The issue up for debate this week, though, was how to classify these pro-viders for regulatory purposes, and here, there was a choice. Our side of the aisle has long favored a light-touch approach that is offered under title I of the Telecommunications Act. Our Democratic friends favor a more oner-ous approach under title II. That is why they favor repealing the FCC’s re-cent order, returning to Depression-era regulations implemented under the Obama administration. Our Democratic colleagues have now gotten their wish, in a way. They voted here in the Senate to repeal the cur-rent FCC order by using the Congres-sional Review Act, which gives Con-gress the power to nullify agency rules and requires only a simple majority to pass. But our colleague, the senior Sen-ator from South Dakota, is correct when he refers to their stunt as ‘‘polit-ical theater.’’ It is merely a ‘‘show vote.’’ First of all, even though our Demo-cratic colleagues may have joined to-gether to win this vote on the Congres-sional Review Act in the Senate, there is simply no indication that the House plans to take it up or that the Presi-dent would sign it if they did. Second, contrary to supporters’ claims, the resolution will not ‘‘re-store’’ net neutrality. In fact, it would accomplish the opposite. This resolu-tion would remove rightful oversight of noncompetitive behavior and consumer protection from the Federal Trade Commission and, instead, subject ISPs to oversight by the FCC, including reg-ulations regarding consumer data pri-vacy, approval or disapproval of new innovation, and dictating the terms and conditions of service. That would create a major imbalance in our inter-net ecosystem between content and platform regulation, as edge providers like Google and Facebook would not be subject to the same standards as broadband providers. Finally, the resolution would in-crease the digital divide across Amer-ica, and that is no small matter. As Brent Wilkes, the former CEO of LULAC, wrote recently in the Houston Chronicle, ‘‘the CRA would . . . rein-state Depression-era Title II rules that have not created the open internet’s engine of opportunity with a level playing field that proponents envi-sioned.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘Placing the internet back under Title II rules would . . . curb the critical infrastruc-ture investment necessary for con-necting more Americans to high-speed broadband, including nearly 4 million Texans—about 15 percent of the state’s population—who live in rural commu-nities that are difficult and costlier to connect.’’ As I said when I began, I believe in an open and free internet, but the vote we just held does not make the internet more open or more free—just the oppo-site. Let’s be blunt about it. This vote was simply a waste of time. The light-touch regulatory treat-ment of internet service providers under the December 2017 FCC order was a return to the Clinton-era environ-ment that allowed the internet to inno-vate and thrive. Imposing additional, stifling government regulations does not benefit consumers in the long run and, instead, allows FCC bureaucrats to pick winners and losers. That is why I opposed our Democratic colleagues’ resolution today. f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, on a separate note, for the last few days, we have been celebrating National Police Week, when we honor the men and women who help keep our communities safe. They have chosen a difficult and often dangerous life, dedicated to en-forcing the law, defending our civil lib-erties, and protecting our cities and neighborhoods. Sometimes law enforcement officers intentionally put themselves in harm’s way for our benefit, and sometimes they even sacrifice their lives for their fellow citizens. The police in my State are no exception. In fact, according to one FBI report, Texas had more law en-forcement officers die in the line of duty in 2017 than any other State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.009 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2711 May 16, 2018 
Because it is National Police Week, I would like to mention two important pieces of legislation that are high pri-orities for law enforcement groups, and I am happy to be the chief sponsor of both. The first is called the Justice Served Act. Its companion legislation passed just yesterday in the House. I am grateful to my colleague Representa-tive J
OHNCARTER for helping to make sure that happened. The bill would provide grants for State and local governments to pros-ecute cold cases. These are older crimes that have languished but are re-ignited through DNA evidence, includ-ing evidence obtained from backlogged rape kits. By making sure that newly tested evidence is used to investigate and prosecute unsolved crimes, the Justice Served Act would ensure that vital criminals are brought to justice instead of remaining free and on our streets. This will give crime victims and their families closure and relief and deliver justice. Once new DNA evidence is used and the wrongdoers are prosecuted, the crime victims will know that their attackers no longer remain at large. The evidence can also help exonerate those who have been wrongfully ac-cused or even convicted. Especially this week, I am proud to have the support of the Major County Sheriffs of America, the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Associa-tion of Police Organizations, the Major Cities Chiefs, and other law enforce-ment organizations. I am also grateful to have the support of various organi-zations that support sexual assault vic-tims, as well as prosecutors’ groups. Finally, I would just like to say that I appreciate my cosponsor, the senior Senator from Minnesota, who has helped this bill continue to move through the legislative process. Another bill I would like to mention as long as I can—seasonal allergies are getting to me, like so many of us—is the Project Safe Neighborhoods Au-thorization Act of 2018. We hope to have it hotlined this week because, like the Justice Served Act, it is a high priority for law enforcement groups across the country. Project Safe Neighborhoods is a na-tionwide partnership among State, Federal, local law enforcement, and prosecutors that use data-driven, evi-dence-based, and trauma-informed practices to reduce violent crime. When I was the attorney general of Texas, then-Governor George W. Bush and I administered a program known as Texas Exile, in which we targeted fel-ons who were carrying firearms as part of their carrying out some crime. We targeted those violent offenders by concentrating resources on the most important cases. This program in-volved multiple law enforcement agen-cies and allowed them to collaborate on a ‘‘Smart on Crime’’ approach, fo-cusing efforts on high-level offenders who were responsible for tearing com-munities and families apart. Multiple jurisdictions in Texas par-ticipated in Project Exile, which, again, was focused on the most violent offenders and the ones who were car-rying firearms, which they could not legally possess or use. The result was a staggering reduction in crime rates and homicides. Project Exile later became the basis for the Department of Jus-tice’s nationwide Project Safe Neigh-borhoods Program, which has been on-going for more than a decade. I am happy that soon we will reauthorize it. Under Project Safe Neighborhoods, Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment cooperate and focus their en-forcement efforts on organized crimi-nal networks and repeat offenders who are driving crime rates in a particular area. One of those regions is Northern Virginia, where a regional task force composed of 13 local, State, and Fed-eral law enforcement agencies has made tremendous strides in eradi-cating gang violence perpetrated by groups like MS–13. My colleague B
AR-
BARA COMSTOCK ’s district is in that re-gion, and she has been the bill’s biggest champion in the House. Since its inception in 2001, Project Safe Neighborhoods has been deployed by both Democratic and Republican ad-ministrations to reduce violent crime. According to a Michigan State Univer-sity study funded by the Department of Justice in 2013, Project Safe Neighbor-hoods was associated with a 13.1-per-cent decrease in violent crimes in cit-ies with high rates of program partici-pation, including double-digit reduc-tions in total firearms, crimes, and homicides in every city examined by the study. Our bill will reauthorize the program through fiscal year 2021 in amounts consistent with current appropriations levels. Additionally, it will require par-ticipating entities to prioritize the in-vestigation and prosecution of individ-uals with leadership roles in criminal organizations, and it will strengthen innovation and prevention initiatives on the local level. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about two related topics. The first is to recognize and honor the men and women of law enforcement across the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania and across our country. This week is National Police Week, and it is really an important opportunity for us to let the folks in law enforcement know how grateful we are to them for the service they provide and for the sacrifices they make every single day to keep us safe. It is also an important occasion to remember those who made the ulti-mate sacrifice. This week, the names of 129 law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty in 2017 alone were added to the National Law Enforce-ment Officers Memorial. Among the fallen were two Pennsylvania officers: Patrolman Brian Shaw of the New Ken-sington Police Department and Troop-er Michael Paul Stewart III of the Pennsylvania State Police. Given the clear and obvious dangers that our police officers face, it seems to me that we have an obligation to make sure they have the tools they need to protect themselves and the public, so I want to mention two ef-forts to do exactly that and urge my colleagues to support these efforts. The first is a Bureau of Prisons gun locker bill. This is legislation that I have introduced with Senator MANCHIN . We call it the Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self-Protection Act. What it would do is allow Federal prison guards to pro-tect themselves on their commutes to and from work. Why is this a problem? Because in many cases, the prisons where the pris-on guards work do not have a secure place to secure firearms, so the guards cannot bring their firearms to work with them nor would they have them to go home. They often are unarmed going to and from work. Sadly, the fact is, Federal prison guards can often be targets of crimi-nals when they are off duty. Let’s be honest here. Some of the prisoners they are guarding get released and are still pretty bad guys. Unfortunately, the Department of Justice policy essentially makes it im-possible for guards to protect them-selves when they are going to and from work. Sadly, Lieutenant Albarati, of Puerto Rico, paid for the price for this policy. In 2013, he was driving home from work. He was unarmed. He was shot and killed. Three inmates from the prison where he worked had hired the killer. What our bill does is very simple. It requires the Federal Bureau of Prisons to provide officers with an onsite stor-age locker for their personal firearms so that when they get to work, they can secure them in a safe place or allow these prison guards to store their personal firearms in a lockbox that is in their cars. It is pretty simple. It is pretty straightforward. Yesterday, the House voted on a com-panion bill, and it passed 378 to 0—378 to 0. Now is the opportunity for the Senate to act. We should act quickly. We should pass this. We should do it through our hotline and get this done. I am sure the President will sign this into law, and we will be providing a tool to enhance the safety of the prison guards who protect our security. There is another piece of legislation, which is the Lifesaving Gear for Police Act. I have introduced this legislation. What this would do is allow local law enforcement to continue obtaining the surplus defensive Federal gear they need to protect themselves and the public. It is based on a simple prin-ciple. The idea is that the police ought to at least have sufficient equipment. They should at least be as well- equipped as criminals and terrorists who attack them and are a threat to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.041 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2712 May 16, 2018 
all of us. We should make every effort we can to make sure that law enforce-ment officers have the chance to go home safely to their families at the end of their shifts. It was longstanding policy that sur-plus, leftover, military gear that was defensive in nature, when it was not wanted or in use by the military, would be made available to law enforcement. Unfortunately, in 2015, the Obama ad-ministration severely restricted the ability of State and local law enforce-ment to obtain this surplus, leftover, in-storage gear. The restrictions by the Obama ad-ministration were rationalized on the completely false narrative that the po-lice were a source of unrest and vio-lence, as opposed to the truth that we all know, that they are brave men and women who defend us against unrest and violence. I think the American people know better. They know that the vast, overwhelming majority of people in law enforcement are good, honest, decent, hard-working people who are motivated by their desire to do a good job and protect the public. Fortunately, President Trump re-versed the Obama administration’s flawed policy of denying our local po-lice forces this equipment. But that only has the power of an Executive order, and the safety of our law en-forcement officers and the public should not be subject to political whims. A new administration will ar-rive at some point, and when they do, they could reverse this unless we cod-ify it in law. That is what our bill would do. It would ensure that State and local law enforcement can con-tinue to obtain this lifesaving Federal gear, regardless of who occupies the Oval Office or Congress. So as we mark National Police Week, we should never forget the courage our law enforcement officers exhibit every day in keeping us safe. I would like to say to our country’s law enforcement officers, including the more than 25,000 in Pennsylvania, we thank you for your service and your sacrifice. 
f 
CHIP RESCISSION Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, the sec-ond topic I wish to touch on today is a subject that is apparently misunder-stood, and it is certainly wildly mischaracterized. It is the subject of rescissions. It has become a topic of conversation since the President—the administration—has proposed a rescis-sion. A rescission relates to our budget process. It is when money originally authorized by Congress to be spent on a program but actually is not spent— that authorization is revoked, it is re-scinded, but it is with respect to money that was never spent. Now, specifically, I want to discuss how this relates to the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which is often referred to by the acronym CHIP—the CHIP program. So if you fol-low recent media reports and com-ments by some of our colleagues, and even some industry stakeholders, boy, it sure seems like there is a lot of con-fusion. Let me state an unequivocal fact. Since 2011, there have been rescissions from CHIP every single year. This is not new. It has happened every single year since 2011. Now, is that because Congress de-cides during the course of each year that they don’t really like the CHIP program or they don’t like children or they don’t want kids to get health in-surance? No, that is not why it hap-pens. The reason it happens each and every year is because Congress system-atically, intentionally, and willfully authorizes far more money for the CHIP program than it is ever going to actually spend. We have a chart that illustrates this. We can see the vertical columns. The red bars show how much money Con-gress has authorized in the years to the left of the dotted line. Those are his-torical years. To the right of the dot-ted line is the projected future years. So the red bars are how much money Congress has authorized for the CHIP program. The green line shows how much of that money actually gets spent on the program. We can see that in each and every year the red bar is way above the green line. It has been going on back to 2009; it is every single year, and if we continue on our current path, that will continue to be the case as far as we can see going into the fu-ture. Now, take a particular year; for ex-ample, this year, 2018. We expect the Federal Government is going to spend $16 billion on the program. Now, be-cause of the nature of the way this pro-gram works and certain features, it is possible we will spend $16.1 billion. It is possible it will end up being $15.99 bil-lion, but we know $16 billion is enough to provide the Federal share of funding for the children enrolled by their States, but, as I say, we don’t know it with precise precision right to the last dollar. So knowing it is going to be about $16 billion, how much money do we think Congress authorized for this program that is going to cost $16 billion? The answer is $25 billion. So $25 billion, when we know for a fact—everybody, including our Democratic colleagues, knows we are not going to spend any-thing close to that amount of money. As I say, this overfunding is not unique to 2018; it happens each and every year, and it will continue well into the fu-ture. Now, within that $25 billion, I should point out a subset. There is something called the Child Enrollment Contin-gency Fund. In 2018, $4.3 billion of the $25 billion is designated for this Child Enrollment Contingency Fund. The word ‘‘contingency’’ is there because it is meant, theoretically, to be a back-stop in case the demand—the utiliza-tion—for this program is so great that the allocated money isn’t enough, so there will be this contingency fund. That raises a question: Is that a sen-sible number, $4.3 billion? Well, let’s look at this. Since 2009, there has been a total of $11.4 billion made available in this very category, this contingency fund. That is rep-resented by the blue circle on the chart. How much has actually been needed? The answer is $100 million— one-tenth of $1 billion. Nine-tenths of 1 percent of the amount of money that has been made available has actually been used for this purpose, and $11.4 billion was authorized in the decades since this contingency fund was in-vented. During that period of time, all 50 States and the District of Columbia, if they ever needed it, would have been able to access this. That 50, plus 1, over the course of 9 years, is 460 opportuni-ties for a State or the District to come to the Federal Government and say: We need some of that money from the con-tingency fund—460 times. How many times has it actually occurred over the course of those 9 years? The answer is three, and the amount of money is less than 1 percent of what has been author-ized: $108 million used out of $11 billion that has been authorized. Well, next year, according to State law, despite the fact that no State is even close to consuming the full amount of the main fund, we are going to allow another $4.5 billion to be de-posited in this account, when the sum total of all the States’ usage for the last 9 years was $100 million, one-tenth of $1 billion. Look at it another way. If you look at all the CHIP-related accounts—all the Federal money that has been des-ignated for this children’s health pro-gram since 2009—Congress has willfully and systematically authorized so much in excess of what is needed that actu-ally only 58 percent of the money has gone to the CHIP program because that is all the demand there was for this program. So this, obviously, raises a question: Why is it that year after year after year, including this year, Congress in-tentionally authorizes so much more funding than we are ever going to spend on this category, on this pro-gram, on the children’s health pro-gram? I will tell my colleagues why. It is a big budget gimmick. It creates a big opportunity for Congress to lie to the American people and spend more money on other programs under the guise of putting it toward the chil-dren’s health program. How does this work? Every year, as I mentioned at the beginning of my com-ments, after knowingly authorizing way more money than is needed, Con-gress comes back and says: Oh, you know what, let’s do a rescission, but we will take this money out of CHIP, and we will spend it on something else. It could be spent on anything else, what-ever the politically favorite cause is of the moment, but buried somewhere in a 1,000-page appropriations bill every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.042 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2713 May 16, 2018 
year there has been a rescission, and the money has been shifted to some-thing else. Basically, it becomes a slush fund to be used in the appropria-tions process and to allow the appro-priations to exceed the cap on spending that we all agreed upon. So that is what happens. Congress willfully creates a number way above what we are going to spend, comes back a little later and says: Oh, my goodness, look at all this leftover money. Well, let’s just take it and spend it somewhere else. It is completely dishonest. It com-pletely misrepresents the CHIP pro-gram. It completely misrepresents—in fact, it blatantly violates the spending caps we have established, and it is not trivial. It is not a trivial amount of money. Over the last 8 years, the amount of these rescissions, so it can be spent elsewhere, has added up to 45 billion taxpayer dollars—entirely a gimmick, a device that just allows Congress to lie to the American people about what they are spending. So that brings us up to last week. The administration comes along and says they have a suggestion for Con-gress. First of all, let’s fully fund the CHIP program. Let’s make sure the CHIP program is fully funded. There will be no shortage whatsoever, but let’s stop the lying. Let’s remove the deception. Let’s provide a reasonable amount of excess funding, because I ac-knowledge at the beginning we don’t know right down to the last dollar ex-actly how much we are going to spend, but let’s take aside all of this wild ex-cess. Let’s be honest. Let’s rescind now most of the excess funding, which has been going on each and every year sep-arately; let’s leave more than enough in the contingency fund. Even though it is extremely unlikely that any of it will be tapped, the administration has proposed $500 million to be left in the contingency fund. Remember, that is the fund that has been used to the tune of $108 million over the last 9 years, but they are saying let’s leave $500 mil-lion—five times as much as has been spent cumulatively over the last 9 years—and basically send all of this huge, excessive amount back to the Treasury so it is not just spent willy- nilly and irresponsibly. Now, for some reason, despite the fact that not a single dollar that would have actually been spent on the CHIP program will be spent differently, will not be spent; despite the fact that the CHIP program will not lose a single dollar of actual funding; despite the fact that Congress has been doing this every single year since 2011, as long as it can spend it on something else; de-spite the fact that 65 Senators, includ-ing 40 of my Democratic colleagues, voted to rescind $6.8 billion from CHIP—how long ago? In March of this year, a few weeks ago, including $3.1 billion from the contingency fund. So the vast majority of my Democratic colleagues voted to rescind money from CHIP just earlier this year. De-spite that, now we have people up in high dudgeon, wailing and gnashing of the teeth, about how what we are doing would tear CHIP apart—even after what they did in March, by the way— that it is somehow a betrayal, im-moral, appalling; it hurts low- and mid-dle-class families. It would be too generous to suggest this is merely a lapse of memory. Ev-erybody knows what is going on. This is ridiculous. So I fully support the President’s proposal that we fully fund CHIP but stop with the dishonesty in our budg-eting. Stop throwing a bunch of money under this category, knowing we are going to go back later and spend it somewhere else. This program shouldn’t be pillaged this way to spend money on unrelated things that just allow us to bust the budget cap. I would go a step further. What the administration has proposed, to their credit, fixes this terrible flaw this year. I would like us to permanently fix it. I have suggested to my colleagues, rath-er than specifying a dollar amount, since we don’t know the precise dollar amount, I would be OK with a provi-sion that says: such sums as will be needed. That would guarantee it would be fully funded, but it would not create this big excess that gets wasted on who knows what. If the only concern people have is to ensure that the CHIP program will be fully and properly funded, how can they object to that? It would specify, codified in language, that would be ex-actly what would happen. It would be fully funded, but we have gotten this resistance to that. How could that pos-sibly be? Unless it is that people want to continue this gimmickry, this de-ception that has been going on for all of these years. Well, I hope we will be able to work out a long-term solution. I hope we will bring an end to this. I understand my colleagues on the other side want to spend more money. Let’s just admit it—admit it, and let’s debate it. We have agreed-upon spending caps. I think they are too high, but that is what we agreed upon. We shouldn’t be lying to the American people and going through this gimmick yet again. So I want to state my unequivocal support for the administration’s pro-posal for a rescission package. I would prefer if there were actual spending being cut. This is indirectly going to help reduce excessive spending because it is going after these unobligated funds, it is going after these excessive accounts. It happens in other accounts, but CHIP is the most noteworthy. To me, this is a modest step in the direc-tion of honest budgeting and pro-tecting the taxpayers. I hope we will be able to have a per-manent solution to this soon, but in the meantime, I hope my colleagues will support the administration’s re-scission package. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
f 
EPA ADMINISTRATOR PRUITT Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here today for my 206th ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech. For colleagues who may be having a hard time keeping up with the ethical scandals swirling around Environ-mental Protection Agency Adminis-trator Scott Pruitt, I thought today I would lay them out one by one. I think we all heard Donald Trump’s pledge to drain the swamp and to put an end to government corruption. That hasn’t exactly worked out; has it? In-stead, swamp creatures abound, and Pruitt, a longtime enemy of the Agen-cy he now runs and a longtime toady of the fossil fuel industry he is supposed to regulate, is absolutely wallowing in the swamp. Indeed, he is so swampy that he now faces more than a dozen Federal and State probes exploring how he has been advancing his own inter-ests and those of his polluter donors. So let’s take a look. Investigation No. 1 is travel ex-penses. Between March and May of 2017—just that short period—Mr. Pruitt spent 43 out of those 92 days traveling to his home State of Oklahoma. Pruitt appears to have conducted little or no official business on many of these trips. Yet taxpayers still picked up the tab. Last summer the EPA inspector gen-eral opened its inquiry into this use of official resources. That inquiry has ac-tually since been expanded to examine the overall frequency, cost, and extent of the Administrator’s travel. Over a 6- month period in 2017, Pruitt is esti-mated to have racked up nearly $200,000 in travel expenses. This includes a $7,000 business-class flight to Italy and $58,000 spent on military and charter flights. One set of flights to Oklahoma on a chartered private jet cost over $14,000 alone. Also under scrutiny is a 4-day trip that Mr. Pruitt, his staff, and his secu-rity detail took to Morocco in Decem-ber. I hear it is lovely in Morocco in December, but it cost taxpayers more than $100,000 to indulge Mr. Pruitt. EPA first justified the trip by saying that Pruitt was there to promote the U.S. liquefied natural gas industry. That is actually not in EPA’s mis-sion—but never mind. Pruitt himself then testified before the House that he was there to negotiate part of a free- trade agreement. Again, that is not part of EPA’s mission. Plus, there is no evidence that Pruitt even conferred with our Trade Representative. You would think that he might have picked up the phone to give himself just a lit-tle bit of cover if that was going to be his story. It was eventually reported that Pruitt’s Morocco junket was largely arranged by a lobbyist friend who later was paid $40,000 a month— $40,000 a month—retroactively to Janu-ary 1, to represent the Moroccan Gov-ernment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.044 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2714 May 16, 2018 
Pruitt’s frequent international travel plans are heavily influenced by lobby-ists and rightwing donors. His trip to Rome appears to have been largely or-chestrated by the head of the Fed-eralist Society, and it included dinner at a five-star hotel with Cardinal George Pell, who has been under inves-tigation for multiple allegations of child sexual assault. The cardinal is a climate denier. So maybe that makes it all OK for Pruitt. A planned trip to Australia was orga-nized by a consultant and former lob-byist for foreign governments. Another planned trip to Israel appears to have been at least in part scheduled to allow him to promote a water purification company recommended by Republican megadonor Sheldon Adelson. Reports say Pruitt actually gave his staff a bucket list of places he wanted to visit at public expense, and he told them to arrange pretexts for his travels. A lot of the cost of these trips is Pru-itt’s security detail. That takes us in to investigation Nos. 2, 3, and 4, which stem from Administrator Pruitt’s over- the-top spending on security measures. The Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s inspector general and the House oversight committee are both inves-tigating this spending, including al-most $3 million that Pruitt has spent on his 24-hours-a-day, 7-days-a-week, 20-person security detail. This security phalanx accompanies him every-where—on personal travel home to Oklahoma and on family trips to the Rose Bowl and Disneyland. Pruitt’s se-curity detachment is more than three times as large as previous EPA Admin-istrators, none of whom had 24/7 pro-tection. Many of the agents assigned to Pruitt’s security team are pulled from EPA’s enforcement arm, leaving fewer agents to actually investigate environ-mental crimes. But they do help him to get to fancy Washington restaurants fast, using lights and sirens to expedite Pruitt’s travel to his dinner dates. Pruitt has also fortified his office. He installed a $43,000 cone-of-silence, supersecret phone booth. He had bio-metric locks installed on his office doors and had his office swept for bugs—a no-bid job, by the way, that went to a business partner of the guy who was then his top security agent. The Agency even explored spending $70,000 on a bulletproof desk for him. All he is missing is the secret decoder ring. The evidence that Pruitt cites to jus-tify all of this security spending, in-cluding business-class and first-class plane tickets he claimed were required by security concerns, is remarkably thin. When he testified last month be-fore House appropriators, Pruitt claimed that it was all justified by the Agency’s inspector general. Well, on Monday, Senator C
ARPER and I heard directly from the inspector general, and the story is not as Pruitt testified. Pruitt wanted 24/7 security starting on his first day as Administrator—not as a result of any threats and not be-cause the inspector general told him that round-the-clock security was jus-tified. The inspector general, in fact, never told him that. It is not the in-spector general’s job. It looks like Ad-ministrator Pruitt misled two House committees when he testified. Let’s move on to investigation No. 5, which involves an inspector general in-quiry into a possible violation of anti- lobbying rules. Once you are on the Federal payroll exerting the respon-sibilities of government, you are not supposed to engage in lobbying. During an April 2017 meeting with the Na-tional Mining Association, Pruitt en-couraged the group to press President Trump to withdraw from the Paris cli-mate accord. The GAO is also looking into improper lobbying activity after he appeared in a lobbying organiza-tion’s promotional video, opposing, by the way, the clean water rule. That GAO investigation is investigation No. 6. Investigation No. 7 concerns an in-spector general probe into Pruitt’s use of an obscure provision of the Safe Drinking Water Act to circumvent the usual civil service process to hire and promote staff. Pruitt used this loop-hole to hire lobbyists to oversee EPA functions and to award huge raises to a couple of favorite political aides from his Oklahoma days. He did this even after the White House had rejected those proposed pay increases. One of Pruitt’s closest aides may not have even shown up to work for 3 months. Imagine that—not showing up to work for 3 months despite drawing a nearly $180,000 salary. That is great work, if you can get it. Incredibly—and I mean that literally—Pruitt testified to the House that he didn’t know whether this senior aide was coming to work on not. You would think that after 3 months of not seeing this indi-vidual at work, you might have a clue. Well, the EPA inspector general can help the Administrator answer that question in the eighth investigation on the list. Now, every good swamp creature needs a swamp den, and Scott Pruitt found himself just the place, paying $50 a night for a luxury Capitol Hill condo co-owned by the wife of an energy lob-byist. Both the EPA’s inspector gen-eral and the House oversight com-mittee are investigating whether this below-market value housing arrange-ment constituted an illicit gift. If you have lost track, these are investiga-tions Nos. 9 and 10. By the way, when the story broke about his swamp den, Pruitt denied that this lobbyist lobbied EPA. Well, it turns out that Federal lobbying disclo-sures and internal emails show that this lobbyist did in fact lobby EPA, even meeting with Pruitt himself on behalf of an industry client and also pushing Pruitt to name people favored by his client to EPA science advisory boards. That brings us to investigation No. 11. Pruitt has systemically tilted EPA’s science advisory committees to-ward his industry donors, replacing academic scientists with industry-tied representatives. The GAO is examining the role that Pruitt’s political ap-pointees played in selecting industry- connected members to replace expert scientists on science advisory boards. Investigation No. 12 is unfolding back home in Oklahoma. The Oklahoma Bar Association is looking into charges that Pruitt lied when he told our Sen-ate Environment and Public Works Committee during his confirmation hearing last year that he had not con-ducted business using private email ad-dresses as Oklahoma’s attorney gen-eral. Well, it turns out that it looks like he did. Just last night, news broke that the EPA inspector general is in-vestigating Pruitt’s use of private email accounts, including questions of whether the Agency is properly pre-serving records of the Administrator’s private emails and including those records in responses to Freedom of In-formation Act searches. That makes the 13th investigation. So there you have it—a baker’s dozen so far of investigations into Pruitt’s conduct as EPA Administrator. Those are just the allegations that have ramped up to the level of an official in-vestigation. There are scores of other scandals roiling the EPA. All you have to do is pick up a newspaper, and you will be bombarded by stories of Pruitt’s truly swampy behavior. There are thousands of pages of communications between Scott Pruitt and industry when he was attorney general of Okla-homa that the current attorney gen-eral of Oklahoma is fighting to prevent the public from seeing. There are mil-lions of dollars of political fundraising by Scott Pruitt from the fossil fuel in-dustry that he has never told us about. If he has withheld disclosures that bear on his conflicts of interest, new inves-tigations could result. While Scott Pruitt dodges full disclo-sure of all his swampy industry ties, he has let lobbyists and fossil fuel and chemical industry operatives infiltrate throughout the EPA. The Associated Press found that ‘‘nearly half of the po-litical appointees hired at the Environ-mental Protection Agency under Trump have strong industry ties.’’ Pru-itt rolled back an Obama rule control-ling methane leaks after he met with oil executives at the Trump hotel in Washington. Pruitt halted environ-mental protections for an area in southwest Alaska just hours after meeting with the mining executives looking to dig a mine there. Pruitt’s EPA protected an emissions rule loop-hole for a trucking company shortly after Pruitt met with the company’s executives. It is government by ‘‘I know a guy,’’ with Pruitt as the pol-luters’ guy. It is impossible not to notice the odor of self-dealing and corruption emanating from the Scott Pruitt EPA. When I talk about Pruitt with Rhode Islanders, they almost always ask me 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.045 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2715 May 16, 2018 
the same questions: How does he still have a job? Why hasn’t the President fired this guy? One answer goes back to the Presi-dent himself. When Pruitt’s scandals started to snowball last month, oil and gas magnate Harold Hamm, a billion-aire patron of Scott Pruitt’s, lobbied President Trump to keep him on. Twenty-two polluter front groups, led by the infamous Heartland Institute, so-called, wrote a letter to President Trump lauding Pruitt’s what they call ‘‘positive record of reform unmatched by any of Pruitt’s predecessors.’’ Who is behind those 22 polluter front groups? Guess what. It is those climate denial champions, the Koch brothers, to the tune of at least $87 million in funding. The test in Trumptown is whether Harold Hamm and Charles and David Koch are happy. And they are. Pol-luters are free to pollute for free, and climate change gets scrubbed out of of-ficial communications. Big-spending polluters are happy, happy, happy, and that is why Scott Pruitt remains as EPA Administrator in the Trump swamp. It doesn’t have to be this way. The words of Woodrow Wilson are still true today about legislative oversight. He said: 
It is the proper duty of a representative body to look diligently into every affair of government and to talk much about what it sees. It is meant to be the eyes and the voice, and to embody the wisdom and will of its constituents. 
Our constituents—my constituents, anyway—are not just the big polluters like Harold Hamm and the Koch broth-ers. The polluters may have billions to spend in politics, which they do, but they have very different interests than the millions of regular Americans who look to EPA to protect the air we breathe, the water we drink, and the climate we must inhabit. Where are the eyes and the voice in the present ma-jority for these millions of Americans? Our silence in the face of this flagrant corruption is deafening. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, the Senate will soon be taking up my reso-lution recognizing this month of May as National Foster Care Month. For over 20 years, National Foster Care Month has been recognized as a time to raise awareness about the chal-lenges that young people in foster care experience and to celebrate their resil-ience in the face of these obstacles. There are over 438,000 children in fos-ter care nationwide. In Iowa alone, over 4,000 kids entered foster care in 2016. Due to the opioid crisis, there are more children entering foster care than many child welfare agencies are equipped to handle. In 2016, over 92,000 kids entered foster care due to parental drug abuse. I salute all of those who dedicate their time and their resources to help-ing these young people. This induces social workers, advocates, and alumni of the foster care system, who inform lawmakers and the public and, more importantly, who fight to secure better outcomes for these young people in care. Of course, this also includes fos-ter parents, who open their homes and their hearts to children in need. Without foster parents, children un-able to remain with their biological parents would have nowhere to go. Un-fortunately, this is becoming a reality for children across the country, as many States are experiencing a critical shortage of foster parents. In my home State of Iowa, many counties are fac-ing a shortage of foster care homes, causing young people to be housed in shelters instead of with families. The solution is not simply recruiting more people to serve as foster parents. Between 30 and 50 percent of licensed foster parents choose to stop being fos-ter parents after only 1 year of doing that. That is why this year our resolu-tion also designates the single day of May 31 as ‘‘Foster Parent Appreciation Day.’’ It is my hope that communities, child welfare agencies, and other orga-nizations will use this day to recognize the sacrifices foster parents make. Those who do not choose to continue being foster parents often report that their reason is a lack of support and training. At a time when foster parents are needed more than ever, it is impor-tant for communities and child welfare agencies to support foster parents and ensure that they are trained to help the kids entrusted to them. Through my work on the Senate Cau-cus on Foster Youth, I have had the op-portunity to hear firsthand what chil-dren in foster care need. I would advise Senators to take advantage of listening to that group of people we call foster youth. They need love, they need per-manency, and they need stability and support. In short, all they need is a family. They often express to me: ‘‘I would like to have a mom and a dad.’’ That is why I am pleased that Congress recently passed the Family First Prevention Services Act. This legislation works to keep more families together by allow-ing Federal reimbursement for services to families before children are put in foster care, not afterward. These serv-ices include substance abuse treatment and in-home parenting skill programs. When it is truly in a child’s best inter-est to be removed from their parents, this bill ensures that more kids will be placed with supportive families instead of in group homes. Of course, there is still work to be done. Far too many children still expe-rience the trauma of neglect and abuse, and far too many youth in foster care age out without meaningful connection to a caring adult. Moving forward, Congress must con-tinue to listen to the voices of foster youth, foster parents, and other advo-cates by working to find better solu-tions and secure better outcomes for youth in foster care. f 
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE TRANSCRIPT RELEASE Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I want to address an issue that was brought up by the minority leader on the floor this morning. I want to re-spond to the false statements made by the very misinformed minority leader this morning—and I mean really mis-informed. He criticized the Judiciary Commit-tee’s release this morning of about 2,500 pages of information about the in-famous Trump Tower meeting with a Russian lawyer and Donald Trump, Jr. First, he mischaracterized the re-lease as solely a Republican move. That is false. In fact, that is absolutely false. This release was done with the support of the ranking minority mem-ber. On January 25 of this year, at the committee meeting where I announced my desire to release the transcripts, the ranking member publicly sup-ported the decision. I have three quotes. She said, ‘‘I am delighted.’’ She said she had ‘‘no disagreement.’’ She said, ‘‘I am very grateful for your deci-sion to proceed.’’ Second, he accused me of deciding not to interview two participants in the meeting. That is false. In fact, it is absolutely false. I would like to have interviewed both Mr. Manafort and Mr. Kushner. An interview of Mr. Manafort was scheduled a day before he was raid-ed. We—meaning Senator F
EINSTEIN  and this Senator—had subpoenaed Mr. Manafort for a committee hearing set for July 26, 2017. Mr. Manafort instead offered to appear voluntarily for a staff interview the day before the hearing, and the ranking member asked me to withdraw the subpoena. Then the FBI raided his home, and Mr. Manafort in-dicated he would invoke his Fifth Amendment rights and then con-sequently declined to answer the com-mittee’s questions. However, we did re-view the transcript of his earlier inter-view with the Intelligence Committee. The ranking member refused to par-ticipate in a voluntary interview when we had the chance. She said Democrats on the committee objected that the scope would be focused on the Trump Tower meeting. For all I know, the mi-nority leader’s office objected as well, but political leadership should not be dictating bipartisan committee over-sight. As for Mr. Kushner, he refused to par-ticipate in a voluntary interview after the ranking member unilaterally and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.047 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2716 May 16, 2018 
prematurely released another witness transcript. There was no consultation with me at all by the minority on that point. That is the opposite of how this Senator handled this morning’s tran-script release. Mr. Kushner’s attorney demanded promises of confidentiality that we could not provide. Transparency is too important to keep all this information under wraps. We could keep it all se-cret for many more months while we fight over trying to force people to tes-tify against their will. But we decided to put out the voluntary testimony now for the sake of transparency, and the ranking member, as I said two or three times, supported that decision. Third, the minority leader claimed that the release of this information was motivated by the Republicans’ de-sire to ‘‘let the President and his law-yers interfere with the Mueller probe and get a peek at any potential evi-dence.’’ That is false. In fact, it is abso-lutely false. Again, the Democrats on the com-mittee did not object to the release, and the ranking member affirmatively supported it. She and her staff were fully consulted and worked coopera-tively with us in preparing the release. So the claim that there was some se-cret plan to help one side or the other in the Mueller probe is absurd. My only motivation was the same as that of the ranking member—transparency for the American people on this controversy. Let the people read it for themselves and draw their own conclusions. Fourth, the minority leader claimed that ‘‘Republicans are rushing to de-clare their investigation complete.’’ That is false. In fact, it is absolutely false. The minority leader should not try to put words in my mouth. I didn’t say that. Anyone who knows me knows that oversight is never done and should never be done. It is our core constitu-tional duty. Now as to the Trump Tower meeting, Congress has learned as much as we are likely to learn, unless some new infor-mation comes to light. That might happen. We have to be ready for it if it does. Other committees, the press, and the special counsel are all over this as well. So there is no lack of scrutiny. But there is a lack of transparency, and these 2,500 pages or so do more to give the public a picture of what hap-pened than anyone else has done. I would just ask my friend the minor-ity leader: What have you done to an-swer the questions our constituents may have had about the Trump Tower meeting? What good-faith efforts have you undertaken to give the American people transparency about the inves-tigation relating not just to the Trump Presidency but Presidential contenders in 2016? Have you done anything to sup-port or assist Republicans in getting to the bottom of questions that concern them and their constituents back home? The answer is, nothing. In fact, the answer is, absolutely nothing—ab-solutely nothing but speculation and frenzy. It is nothing but pure political frustration for losing the Presidential election in 2016. It also fundamentally misunderstands the role of congres-sional oversight and congressional in-vestigations. We don’t prosecute crimes. We can’t indict suspected criminals. Our job is to act as a check on the executive branch. Do you know who has not come to sit for long, transcribed interviews before the Judiciary Committee staff? Well, the answer to that is current or former Department of Justice and FBI offi-cials—not a single one. Our job is to oversee the Justice Department and to oversee the FBI, but Judiciary Com-mittee Democrats have not been sup-portive or interested in questioning those officials. The minority leader seems to believe that it is our job to waste taxpayers’ dollars retreading the special counsel’s investigation or duplicating the Intel-ligence Committee’s work so he can bludgeon his political opponents. Well, that is not my job. I am going to focus on our constitutional duty to act as a check on the executive branch. I am going to keep digging and keep fight-ing for answers from the Justice De-partment and from the FBI. We will be having a hearing on the controversies in 2016 that undermined Americans’ faith in the objectivity of these vital institutions. I have great faith in the inspector general ap-pointed by President Obama and the nonpartisan office he leads. As soon as the inspector general’s report is out, we will learn a lot more about what happened before and during the elec-tion from an independent and objective source, and we will follow up. The minority leader was right about one thing—when he said: ‘‘There is much left to investigate. Many wit-nesses still to be heard.’’ I agree. This is not over. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to honor the incredible men and women of our Nation’s law enforcement agencies and to recognize the ultimate sacrifice of one of North Dakota’s peace officers. Each year, peace officers from all over the country and from countries all over the world come to Washington, DC, to celebrate and to honor the lives of their colleagues who have lost their lives in the line of duty. I want first to recognize several law enforcement officers that lost their lives in the line of duty last year who do not always get the recognition or the honor they deserve, and those are our Federal and Tribal peace officers. They protect our homeland, they pro-tect our borders and, in the case of Tribal police, they provide safety and security in Indian Country in some of the most remote and difficult places in the Nation. This year, eight Federal law enforce-ment officers’ names were again etched in the wall: Rickey O’Donald, Federal Bureau of Investigation; Isaac Morales, U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Rogelio Martinez, U.S. Customs and Border Protection; David John Hoefler, U.S. Department of Transportation; Kenneth Doyle, U.S. Marshals Service; Houston James Largo, Navajo Nation; Uga’Shon Curtis Wayne Blackbird, Omaha Nation; and Nathan Bradford Graves, Sac and Fox Nation. To these Federal and Tribal officers whom we lost last year in the line of duty, may God bless you and may God bless your families. The men and women who serve as peace officers in our Tribal, Federal, State, and local law enforcement agen-cies selflessly put the lives of those they have taken an oath to protect and serve before their own lives. I am here not only to remember those peace offi-cers whom we have lost but to thank each and every peace officer who puts on that uniform or badge every day to protect our communities. I wish to recognize briefly a few law enforcement officers I have come to know well during my time in the Sen-ate: the southwest border sheriffs—in particular, Cochise County, AZ, sheriff Mark Dannels and Yuma County sher-iff Leon Wilmot—and Macon County, IL, sheriff Howard Buffet. They are not only outstanding law enforcement offi-cials, but they have become great friends, great mentors, and a great source of advice and consent on how we can work better here in Washington, DC, not only on the border but across agencies in law enforcement. As a former North Dakota attorney general, I have always had a special re-lationship and appreciation for law en-forcement. Serving as the top law en-forcement officer in my State will al-ways be one of the most meaningful moments of my professional career. North Dakota has the finest collection of peace officers in the country, and I could not be more proud than to con-tinue to work alongside them as their U.S. Senator. I am here to thank each and every one of the peace officers who selflessly serve in communities throughout North Dakota and to let you know that I just don’t appreciate you during po-lice week. I appreciate you 24/7 because I know you are protecting the people of my great State, and you are doing it at great risk to you and at great sacrifice to your families. So today I come with a heavy heart. This is now the second police week in a row that I have attended where I am memorializing a North Dakota peace 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.050 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2717 May 16, 2018 
officer. Today, I am speaking of a North Dakota peace officer who was killed in the line of duty—Rolette County deputy Colt Allery. He lost his life on January 18, 2017, during a high- speed chase that Colt was engaged in with several of his fellow officers that evening after a report and identifica-tion of a stolen vehicle. As the stolen vehicle was coming to a forced stop, shots were fired from the car and fired at Colt as he approached. Colt fell, and he never got back up that evening, suc-cumbing to his injuries not far from the small community where he grew up. He leaves behind five beautiful young children, including a stepdaughter, his fiancee Alexandria, the grandparents who raised him, family, friends, and a community that misses him and still grieves at the loss. Growing up in St. John, ND, and as an enrolled member of the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians, Colt never strayed too far from home. He made a commitment to do more than just be part of his community. He decided to serve his community as a peace officer. Colt started out as a corrections offi-cer for Rolette County. After grad-uating from the North Dakota Law En-forcement Training Academy, he start-ed working as an officer with the Rolla Police Department. He then went to work serving his fellow Tribal mem-bers as a Tribal police officer on Turtle Mountain before he recently moved back to the Rolette County Sheriff’s Office. The loss of this fine young peace offi-cer and young dad was felt across the entire State of North Dakota. The im-pacts are still felt by his family, the Rolette County Sheriff’s Office, and his Tribal community of Turtle Mountain. Colt made the ultimate sacrifice in service to his State and to Rolette County. He lost his life to a gunshot wound inflicted by an individual pre-pared to take even more lives. The brave action of this peace officer that night prevented that from happening. Deputy Colt Allery’s name is now etched on the wall of the peace officers memorial here in Washington, DC. He is no longer just a North Dakota fallen hero. He is a national fallen hero, as he is recognized with all of his fallen brothers and officers. Colt Allery’s name will now serve as an example, not just to North Dako-tans but to people from all over the country and all over the world who visit that memorial every year. He is an example of the best that our State and our country has to offer. He is an example of what it means to have lived and died so that others may be safe. Quite simply, he is an example for ev-eryone of what it means to be an every-day hero. We must also remember the families of our peace officers, who sacrifice so much, not knowing if their loved ones will return each time they walk out the door. You have sacrificed and lost so much, and no words today will re-place the pain of losing a loved one. We have a proud history in North Da-kota of peace officers like Colt serving their State and local communities with distinction. I have had the extreme privilege over the years to work with law enforcement officials in my State who span the spectrum from highway patrol to State and local peace officers, various Federal officers, and certainly our Tribal police. Let me tell you again that these are some of the finest men and women I have ever met or worked with. These are men and women just like Colt who could have chosen a dif-ferent path. They could have chosen a path that didn’t involve putting them-selves in harm’s way. Instead they chose to take the oath to protect and serve. They chose to selflessly put themselves in harm’s way so they could make North Dakota a safer place for each and every person that lives in our great State or even those who may be passing through. They chose to put the needs of others before their own. They chose a more difficult path to tread than most of us would ever be willing to follow. So I stand here this evening not only to celebrate the life of Colt Allery but to celebrate and thank each and every peace officer working in my great State of North Dakota, working across the country, and, yes, across the world. To all of our peace officers, espe-cially those back home in North Da-kota, I want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart for your sacrifice for your communities and the State of North Dakota. I beg you to stay safe. I beg you to take care of yourselves. Take care of your families. And God bless all of you. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NOMINATION OF GINA HASPEL Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I just had a very productive and informative meeting with the nominee to be the next CIA Director, Ms. Gina Haspel. I wanted to come down to the floor and say a few words. I was very impressed. I am going to certainly support her when she is voted on, I believe as early as tomorrow. There has been a lot of discussion about her background. She is the first woman to lead the CIA, first career member of the CIA. That is all impor-tant, but I think what is most impor-tant is that the American people and this body know that she is very well qualified. She is a very impressive per-son. First of all, she has been very highly decorated in her 30-plus year career at the Central Intelligence Agency. Her honors include the Intelligence Medal of Merit, a Presidential Rank Award, the Donovan Award, which is one of the highest awards in the CIA, and the George H.W. Bush Award for Excel-lence in Counterterrorism. She is thoughtful. She is honest. In many ways, she has overcome nu-merous obstacles. Let me talk a little bit about her bio. She is one of five children. Her father served in the Air Force, having joined at the age of 17. She grew up on military bases, like tens of thousands of Americans. Her original goal in life was to be a soldier. She told her dad she wanted to go to West Point. At the time, her father had to break the news to her that West Point was not admitting women. I think West Point lost out on that one. She ended up as a contractor for the military 10th Special Forces Group. Later, she realized that if she couldn’t join the military, she was going to join the CIA, and that is what she did. She has done an outstanding job at the CIA. She began working at the CIA in 1985 during the closing days of the Cold War. She was stationed literally all over the world—in Africa, for exam-ple. She recruited and handled agents and survived a coup d’etat. She worked with government partners during the first gulf war. She ran different CIA stations around the world. She started with the Counterterror-ism Center at the CIA on September 11, 2001, and essentially has spent her life since that time focusing on keeping our country safe. She became the Chief of Staff to the Deputy Director of Oper-ations and the Deputy Director for the National Clandestine Service. She is now the Deputy Director of the entire CIA—the first woman to rise from the ranks as an initial member of the Agency to that title. And if confirmed, as I mentioned, she will be the first ca-reer CIA official and female to lead the Agency. That is really historic, but again, more important than history and more important than these labels is that she is very qualified. One thing that has been remarkable throughout this entire debate about her—and there has been a lot of debate in the Intelligence Committee—is the members of the military, members of the national security establishment, both Democrats and Republicans, and members of the Intel Committee who have come out and said: We support Gina Haspel. The list is extremely im-pressive. Let me give a couple exam-ples: John Brennan, former Obama ad-ministration CIA Director; James Clap-per, former Obama administration Di-rector of National Intelligence; Sen-ator Saxby Chambliss, former Senate Intelligence Committee vice chair; Representative Porter Goss, former CIA Director and House Intelligence Committee chairman; Gen. Michael Hayden, former Bush administration CIA Director; Senator Bob Kerrey, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.051 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2718 May 16, 2018 
Democratic Senator from Nebraska, who was on the Senate Intelligence Committee and was the vice chairman; Henry Kissinger, former Secretary of State; Mike McConnell, former Obama administration Director of National In-telligence; ADM William McRaven, former commander of USSOCOM; Mi-chael Morell, former Obama adminis-tration Acting and Deputy CIA Direc-tor; Michael Mukasey, former Bush ad-ministration Attorney General; Leon Panetta, former Obama administration CIA Director and Secretary of Defense; M
IKEROGERS , Republican Congressman and former House Intel Committee chairman; George Shultz, an incredible statesman and former Secretary of State under President Reagan; and George Tenet, former Clinton and Bush administrations CIA Director. That is impressive. That is an im-pressive list. That is the who’s who— Democrat and Republican—of who has been in charge of our intelligence serv-ices over the last two to three decades, and they are all supporting Ms. Haspel. She is qualified. She has the support of everybody. I want to briefly talk about essen-tially where the nomination has been focused. In Washington, a lot of times you can have an issue that comes up, and everybody focuses on it, and you miss the broader picture. The broader picture is that she is very well quali-fied and has the confidence, literally, of every senior official in the intel-ligence agencies she has served under, but the focus has been in many ways consumed by her role, which was a very low-level role, in what became known as the enhanced interrogation program that the CIA enacted after 9/11. It is hard not to say that in the dis-cussion of this, seeing what some of my colleagues have said and what some former Members of the Senate and House have said, there seems to be a lot of amnesia going on here. I think it is important to take us back to the day that Ms. Haspel start-ed at the CIA’s Counterterrorism Cen-ter, as I mentioned, on September 11, 2001. For those of us who remember, it was a very frightening time in our country. Almost 3,000 Americans were murdered and almost 8,000 were wound-ed. I wasn’t here then, but in Wash-ington, DC, whether it was from the President or Members of Congress, there was one demand for the CIA: Find out who did this. Find out who was responsible, and make sure they don’t do it again. Find out who did this. Find out who was responsible, and do everything in your power to make sure the United States of America and our citizens don’t get attacked again. That was the No. 1 focus from all the elected leaders in Federal Government to the CIA: Protect us. Find out where the next attack is coming from, and don’t let us get hit again. If what ended up happening during this period of U.S. history—and a lot of people forget about it. A lot of people forget how scared we were. Very few people predicted that we weren’t going to get hit again. As a matter of fact, everybody thought we would get hit again, maybe with a weapon of mass destruction. During the course of this time, the CIA started a program—when they started capturing terrorists who they thought had information—called en-hanced interrogation techniques. There was a lot of worry about get-ting hit again. I won’t go through all the examples, but there are members of the Intel Committee in the Senate and members of the Intel Committee in the House who were briefed on exactly what the CIA was doing—exactly what they were doing with these enhanced interrogation techniques. And that is where the amnesia comes in, because we have seen some Members of this body say: That was horrible. Yet they were briefed. As a matter of fact, there are reports that many Members of Con-gress said: Do more; find out who did this. That was the order that the CIA and the members of our clandestine services were given. There are numerous quotes from that time. Let me give one from former Senator John D. Rockefeller, West Vir-ginia, who was the ranking member on the Senate Intel Committee. In 2003, on CNN’s ‘‘Late Edition,’’ he was talking about how we had captured Khalid Shaikh Mohammed—KSM, as he was known—who was known to be the mas-termind of 9/11. It was very clear that at least Senator Rockefeller was say-ing: Make sure that we get as much info as we can from this guy. Here is what he said: 
Happily, we don’t know where [KSM] is. 
Meaning he was offsite, not in the country. 
He’s in safekeeping under American pro-tection. He’ll be grilled by us. I’m sure we’ll be proper with him, but I’m sure we’ll be very, very tough with him. There are presidential memorandums that prescribe and allow certain measures to be taken, but we have to be careful. On the other hand, he does have the information. Getting that information will save American lives. We have no business not getting that information. 
This is a year and a half after 9/11, and this is the vice chairman of the Intel Committee saying: Get it. Press it. The CIA used these techniques, but here is the important thing. At the time they were told to go do this, it was reviewed by the Justice Depart-ment, which said: This is legal. You are allowed to use these techniques to try to get additional information. This is legal. Go do this. The Government of the United States is telling you that you have the authority to do it. It is legal. That is undisputed. As a matter of fact, the enhanced interrogation tech-niques were actually developed at our military training facilities that we have in different parts of the country, called SERE schools—‘‘Survival, Eva-sion, Resistance, and Escape’’ schools. That is where the techniques were de-veloped. There was another reason why people at the time thought that this could be legal, because these interrogation tech-niques and training are actually used on our own military. For years, mem-bers of the military had been going to SERE school, and they underwent these interrogations. They underwent waterboarding. It was our own citizens. As a recon marine, I went to SERE school, and these techniques were ap-plied to me, including waterboarding. The CIA was told: Make sure this doesn’t happen. The Members of Con-gress were briefed. Intel committee members, like Senator Rockefeller, were saying: Do more. The Justice De-partment comes out and says: This is all legal. Go do it. Make sure we are not attacked again. Oh, by the way, you are using techniques that we use on our marines and soldiers. And that is what they did. Gina Haspel was not high up. She had nothing to do with this. She was a GS– 15 when this was going on. Yet my col-leagues who are looking for reasons to vote against her are using this as an episode, saying: Well, because she was involved at a low level, we are going to vote against her. Think about that. Members of the clandestine service were going out and risking their lives, being told to do something by the government, being told it was legal to do something by the government, being encouraged by Members of this body and the House to go do it, and now that one of them has risen through the ranks, with a stellar career, we are going to have Members come to the floor and say: No, we are going to consider her not qualified be-cause she was a GS–15 and didn’t design the program during this very, very dif-ficult and challenging time in Amer-ican history. If you don’t think that breeds cynicism or if you don’t think that breeds distrust between the Con-gress and the intelligence service, well, it does. It does. I even had a friend of mine, and I got recalled to Active Duty for a year and a half at the end of 2004. We were staff officers to the CENTCOM commander. So we were in the Middle East most of that time. He was an agency represent-ative, and he actually predicted this was going to happen to me a long time ago. I don’t think it is appropriate for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to somehow use this against Ms. Haspel, a low-level employee, who was told to go do it. Congress is aware. Some Members even said do more—le-gally justified, used it at SERE school with our military. Now we are going to hold that against this very well-quali-fied nominee. Let me just add something because I know it is part of the discussion. In retrospect, over time, many Members look back on that period and say: Well, maybe we shouldn’t have done that. Maybe these enhanced interrogation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.052 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2719 May 16, 2018 
techniques aren’t legal. Maybe that is a bad reflection on our country. So there was a debate on this. That is fine. That is the way it should be. As a matter of fact, one of the Sen-ators whom I have the most respect for in this entire body, Senator M
CCAIN— who knows a lot about torture and a lot about interrogation and has been a hero and is well respected—led that de-bate on the Senate floor that said that these enhanced interrogation tech-niques—waterboarding—aren’t what we should be doing in this country. So let’s clarify this. Yes, a previous ad-ministration said this is legal. We do it to our own soldiers and marines and Navy SEALS, but we are going to look at a higher value on what we believe is right and what Americans should be doing or should not be doing. So we actually had a debate in 2016 on this floor as part of the National Defense Authorization Act, where Sen-ator M
CCAIN led an effort with an amendment that said: From here on out, the techniques that our CIA operatives would be able to use and that should be approved are only those in the Army Field Manual. Those are OK—not the rest of what happened in terms of the enhanced interrogation techniques. Then this body passed that. As a matter of fact, I voted for the McCain amendment out of respect, ap-preciation, and the arguments that J
OHNMCCAINwas making. So we clari-fied the law. In many ways, that is how the sys-tem is supposed to work. In chal-lenging times with a lot of turmoil, yes, these operatives were pushing the envelope, but it was legal. We should take a step back and say: Maybe that shouldn’t be what we should be doing going forward. And we changed the sys-tem through debate on the floor, led by Senator M
CCAIN. Let me just end by saying that here is how it is not supposed to work. We have a very dangerous situation, like we had after 9/11. We asked our best and brightest to risk their lives to de-fend this country, to do really tough operations all around the world. We go tell them to do things. This body is briefed on it. We tell them it is legal, and then later, we said: Do you know what? Now we are going to hold that against you. Not only is that unfair, but if we con-tinue doing that, how hard do you think it is going to be to get the top people in our country to want to join the CIA or the special forces or the military? We tell them to go do this, to protect your Nation; it is legal. And then 10, 15 years later, we say: No, maybe it wasn’t. I want to thank Ms. Haspel for want-ing to serve her country at the highest level, for her example, and all the other members of the CIA’s clandestine serv-ices, who have been on the frontlines protecting this Nation. I certainly hope my colleagues who are looking at that period of history, looking to hold it against her, recognize the broader con-text. Not only were she and the other members of the Agency asked to do that kind of work, but they were told it was important to protect the country and that it was legal. When her nomination comes to the floor tomorrow, I certainly hope my colleagues keep this all in mind, look at her broad qualifications, and vote for her to be the next CIA Director. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following leader remarks on Thursday, May 17, Senator P
AULor his designee be recog-nized to make a motion to proceed to S. Con. Res. 36; further, that there be up to 90 minutes of debate on the mo-tion, with 45 minutes under the control of Senator P
AULor his designee and 45 minutes under the control of the Democratic leader or his designee; fi-nally, that following the use or yield-ing back of that time, the Senate vote in relation to the motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nomina-tion: Executive Calendar No. 829; that the nomination be confirmed; that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The nomination considered and con-firmed is as follows: 
IN THE COAST GUARD  The following named officer for appoint-ment as Vice Commandant, United States Coast Guard, and to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., section 47: To be admiral Vice Adm. Charles W. Ray f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NOTICES OF ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, there will be an organizational meeting of the Joint Committee on Printing in S–219, U.S. Capitol, on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 3:30 P.M. 
JOINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE  
LIBRARY  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President there will be an organizational meeting of the Joint Committee of Congress on the Li-brary in S–219, U.S. Capitol, on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 3:45 P.M. 
f 
NOMINATION OF GINA HASPEL Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the nomina-tion of Gina Haspel to be CIA Director. Ms. Haspel played a central role in the CIA’s rendition, detention, and in-terrogation program. This was one of the darkest chapters in our Nation’s history, and it must not be repeated. Since her nomination, I and my staff have reviewed thousands of classified documents detailing her role in the program. The takeaway is this: Ms. Haspel was a strong supporter of the torture pro-gram. While many CIA operatives expressed hesitation or outright opposition to the program, such as John Brennan, Ms. Haspel was not one of them. As I said last week, this nomination is bigger than one person. This nomina-tion is about reckoning with our his-tory. It is about grappling with our country’s mistakes and making clear to the world that we accept responsi-bility for our mistakes and they will never be repeated. I was struck by Ms. Haspel’s repeated insistence at her hearing that the tor-ture program was ‘‘legal.’’ The torture program was illegal at the time based on international trea-ties the United States is signatory to, including the Convention Against Tor-ture and Geneva Convention. While the Office of Legal Counsel signed off on waterboarding and other ‘‘enhanced interrogation techniques,’’ its flimsy legal analyses were with-drawn in 2003 and 2004 and should never have taken precedence over inter-national law. The bottom line is this: No one has ever been held accountable for the tor-ture program, and I do not believe those who were intimately involved in it deserve to lead the agency. What message does it send to the world if we reward people for presiding over what is considered to be one of the darkest chapters in our history? Of course, supporters of the torture program are constantly trying to re-write history, so I think it is impor-tant to revisit that history here today. After a 5
1⁄2year review of the CIA’s detention and interrogation program, the Senate Intelligence Committee re-leased a 500-page declassified executive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.053 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2720 May 16, 2018 
summary in December 2014. The sum-mary was backed up by a 6,700-page classified report with nearly 38,000 footnotes citing to CIA and other offi-cial records. Every finding and conclu-sion is thoroughly supported by docu-mentation. The report examined the detention of at least 119 individuals and the use of coercive interrogation techniques—in some cases amounting to torture. It is also important to note this was a bipartisan report with each key vote during the process of the report having both Democrats and Republicans vot-ing yes. In December 2012, the Intel-ligence Committee approved the Re-port by a 9–6 vote, with one Republican voting yes. In April 2014, the com-mittee approved the executive sum-mary and findings and conclusions for declassification and public release by an 11–3 vote, with three Republicans voting yes. The full report remains classified. In December 2014, copies of the full, 6,700-page classified report were sent to parts of the executive branch, includ-ing the CIA, to be used broadly by those personnel with appropriate clear-ances to ensure that the abuses docu-mented in the Report would never be repeated. This report was intended as an important tool to help educate our intelligence agencies about a dark chapter of our Nation’s history. However, last May, when Ms. Haspel was already the Deputy Director, the CIA returned its only copy of the re-port at the request of Chairman Burr. The CIA Inspector General, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, and others followed suit and also returned their copies. In fact, only three copies of the report exist outside of the Senate In-telligence Committee; all of the others are gone. Today, two copies of the full report remain under order by Federal judges, and a third exists because of President Obama’s decision in December 2016 to preserve the full report with the Na-tional Archives under the Presidential Records Act. During Ms. Haspel’s hearing, she stated multiple times that the CIA’s rendition, detention, and interrogation program was ‘‘legal and authorized by the highest legal authority in our country and also the President.’’ I find Ms. Haspel’s statement to be both misleading and incorrect. While the Office of Legal Counsel wrote sev-eral secret legal opinions used to jus-tify the program, I don’t believe those actions were ever legal, I am not aware of a single court ruling that affirmed those OLC opinions, and those OLC opinions were in conflict with the mul-tiple international treaties to which the U.S. is a signatory to. In fact, the Department of Justice conducted an investigation of the facts and circumstances surrounding the drafting of these torture memos and the Department’s role in the imple-mentation of interrogation practices by the CIA. On June 29, 2009, the DOJ’s Office of Professional Responsibility, the unit charged with investigating allegations of misconduct, issued its report. That report concluded former Deputy Assist-ant Attorney General John Yoo and former Assistant Attorney General Jay Bybee committed professional mis-conduct in the drafting of those seri-ously deficient legal opinions. Additionally, Jack Goldsmith, the Assistant Attorney General who led the Office of Legal Counsel in 2003 and 2004, found that their memoranda were ‘‘riddled with error.’’ He also concluded that key portions were ‘‘plainly wrong’’ and characterized them as a ‘‘one-sided effort to eliminate any hur-dles posed by the torture law.’’ Moreover, the CIA program certainly didn’t meet the bar set by any of the four major international legal conven-tions prohibiting torture. First, the Geneva Convention, rati-fied by the U.S. in 1949, common article 3 provides further protections against torture in times of conflict. It states that those persons no longer taking ac-tive part in hostilities, including those who are detained, are prohibited from being subjected to: ‘‘violence of life and person, in particular murder of all kinds, mutilation, cruel treatment and torture’’ as well as ‘‘outrages upon per-sonal dignity, in particular humiliating and degrading treatment.’’ Second, the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, ratified by the U.S. in 1948, states in article 5 that: ‘‘no one shall be subjected to tor-ture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.’’ Third, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, ratified by the U.S. in 1992, repeats verbatim, the outlawing of torture found in the Uni-versal Declaration of Human Rights. Additionally article 5 of the Inter-national Covenant includes language meant to prevent states from utilizing legal work-arounds to overcome the spirit of the condemnation of torture. Fourth, the United Nations Conven-tion Against Torture, ratified by the United States in 1994, defines torture in article 1 as: ‘‘any act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a confession. . . .’’ I also find it appropriate to note for the record that the committee sought to use pseudonyms created specifically for this report so that the readers could connect the actions of the same CIA officer throughout the report, but without their actual name or other personally identifying information. To address the CIA’s concerns, the committee agreed to reduce the num-ber of CIA personnel listed in pseu-donym from a few hundred ultimately down to 14 people who were most inti-mately involved in the CIA’s detention and interrogation program. The CIA and the White House refused to allow these 14 individuals to be list-ed in pseudonym. The lack of pseudo-nyms and, in many cases, even a title of a CIA officer, means that connec-tions between a person’s actions and statements cannot be made and that the seniority and positions of author-ity of individuals in the report are hid-den. In light of Ms. Haspel’s nomination to be Director, we have asked repeat-edly for pertinent records to be declas-sified, only to be stonewalled at every turn. Instead, the CIA, with Ms. Haspel as the Acting Director, has engaged in a selective declassification campaign to bolster Ms. Haspel’s nomination, while keeping all potentially damaging ma-terial under wraps. Given the CIA’s intransigence on Haspel’s records, I am very limited in what I am able to say about her specifi-cally. However, I am able to revisit what happened at the CIA ‘‘black sites,’’ which is detailed extensively in the re-port’s summary. For example, one detainee, Abd al- Nashiri, was interrogated using CIA’s enhanced interrogation techniques, in-cluding being waterboarded at least three times. These tactics were not just morally reprehensible; they were ineffective. The committee found, based on a re-view of CIA interrogation records, that the use of the CIA’s enhanced interro-gation techniques on detainees like al- Nashiri was ineffective in obtaining ac-curate information or gaining detainee cooperation. Contrary to CIA claims, these so- called enhanced interrogation tech-niques did not produce intelligence that thwarted terrorist plots or re-sulted in the capture of terrorists. That intelligence was already available from other sources or from the detain-ees themselves before they were tor-tured. In fact, torture often led to false information. The report also lays out, in excru-ciating detail, that the program was grossly mismanaged, and the CIA pro-vided Congress and the public with in-accurate information. Again, while I can’t speak in depth about Ms. Haspel, our report makes clear that surprisingly few people were responsible for designing, carrying out, and managing the torture program. This was not something that in-volved the entire Agency. It was lim-ited to the Agency’s top leadership and staff, including Directors, Deputy Di-rectors for Operations, and senior level management at the Counterterrorism Center, among others. As we know from the extremely lim-ited information Ms. Haspel has pub-licly provided, she did hold positions including senior level management at the Counterterrorism Center. She has declined to answer publically when asked whether she had responsi-bility, supervision, or approval rel-evant to the CIA rendition, detention, and interrogation program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.041 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2721 May 16, 2018 
Additionally, because Ms. Haspel as the Acting Director for CIA and the Di-rector of National Intelligence have re-fused to declassify any additional in-formation, I am unable to publically discuss her exact role in late 2002. Furthermore, I am also unable to publically discuss the things I know she approved as a senior level super-visor at the Counterterrorism Center from 2003 to 2004 or discuss what she worked on as the chief of staff to the Deputy Director for Operations from 2005 to 2008. Instead, I can only reference reports by former deputy counsel of the CIA, John Rizzo, that Ms. Haspel was one of ‘‘the staunchest advocates inside the [CIA] for destroying the tapes’’ of CIA interrogations conducted under the torture program. I find the CIA’s responses to requests for information about Ms. Haspel to be wholly inadequate. Ms. Haspel is not an undercover operative; she is the act-ing CIA Director seeking a Cabinet- level position. It is unacceptable for her or the CIA to hide her behind a wall of secrecy. I believe Senators and the American public have the right to know whether or not the nominee before us was a sen-ior manager for a program that has been shown to be deeply flawed, as well as a number of other disturbing facts. Without the full scope of Ms. Haspel’s involvement available for public re-view, I do not see how this body can adequately carry out its constitu-tionally mandated duty to advise and consent on the president’s nominee. Proponents of Ms. Haspel’s nomina-tion have argued that she was just doing her job and following orders. If confirmed, what would Ms. Haspel do? Would she carry out and enforce the President’s directives if they would violate our Constitution and inter-national treaties? I am also concerned her leadership could create problems for the CIA to perform one of its core functions: co-operating with foreign governments— and European allies in particular. Specifically, her confirmation could complicate U.S.-German relations. While the German Government has not made a public position on Ms. Haspel’s nomination, Germany is strongly op-posed to torture and multiple U.S. in-telligence actions outlined in the Sen-ate Intelligence torture report have al-ready caused rifts in U.S.-German rela-tions. Additionally, when Ms. Haspel was promoted to CIA Deputy Director in 2017, the European Center for Constitu-tional and Human Rights, headquartered in Berlin, petitioned German prosecutors to order an arrest warrant for Haspel due to her partici-pation in the CIA torture program. While I understand the German Gov-ernment is unlikely to issue an arrest warrant, Germans still remember that U.S. intelligence officials mistakenly abducted and tortured Khalid al-Masri, a German citizen in 2003. Mr. Masri, a German citizen, was seized on December 31, 2003, as he en-tered Macedonia because he was wrong-fully believe to be an Al Qaeda ter-rorist traveling on false German pass-port. He was then turned over to the CIA, which rendered, detained, and interro-gated him. After 5 months, he was dropped on a roadside in Albania. This was a grave mistake that even Ms. Haspel acknowledged in a pre-hearing question whether the CIA ever rendered or detained suspects who were innocent by stating: ‘‘I understand that the CIA’s Office of the Inspector Gen-eral conducted a review of the ren-dition of Khalid al-Masri and deter-mined that CIA did not meet the stand-ard for rendition under the September 17th, 2001 Memorandum of Notification (MON).’’ Even though the CIA acknowledges this mistake, it is incomprehensible that no one has been held accountable for this and other violations. If Ms. Haspel is confirmed, it would send the wrong message to the country and to the world. It would send the wrong message that America has abdi-cated its moral authority. It would send the wrong message that we con-done behavior that belies the con-science and the values of this nation. When the Obama administration chose not to prosecute those involved in the CIA’s torture program, they claimed we were moving forward, not backward. To elevate a person with reportedly intimate involvement in a torture pro-gram to lead our Central Intelligence Agency would signal to our allies and our enemies that we are looking back-ward. This nomination is, in effect, a ref-erendum on whether America condones the use of torture. If confirmed, this nominee’s deci-sions will affect the lives and safety of all Americans. Our job is to assess whether the nominee has the strength of character to stand up to her superiors when reck-oning with violations of our rule of law and moral values. Unfortunately, based on Ms. Haspel’s record at the CIA, the lack of public transparency regarding her tenure, and the implications for America’s reputa-tion at home and abroad, I cannot sup-port this nomination. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, National Police Week pays special honor to the law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty for the safety and protection of our citizens and communities. I am proud to cosponsor the resolution des-ignating National Police Week as we recognize the service and spirit of all the officers who diligently exhibit what Victor Hugo called ‘‘conscience in the service of justice.’’ I am especially grateful for the men and women of Rhode Island’s local and State police who put their lives on the line every day to keep our families safe. As a former U.S. Attorney and State attorney general, I have worked closely with some of Rhode Island’s fin-est police officers, and I believe they are among the best in the country. Supporting the vital mission of the po-lice and fostering strong relationships between our communities and law en-forcement was a top priority for me in those roles. Here in the Senate, I re-main committed to supporting our brave law enforcement officers, their departments, and their families. I met this week with Colonel James J. Mendonca, chief of the Central Falls Police Department and president of the Rhode Island Police Chiefs Association. Under his leadership, the association is working to make Rhode Island a na-tional leader in gun violence preven-tion, drunk driving awareness, and community engagement. Law enforcement officers are the guardians of our communities, often paying the ultimate price for our safe-ty. As we recognize the service and sac-rifice of the law enforcement commu-nity this National Police Week, I am particularly mindful of the names of some 50 officers from Rhode Island etched onto the National Law Enforce-ment Officers Memorial, including some Federal officers who died while on duty in Rhode Island. In the words of the old hymn: Now the laborer’s task is o’er; Now the battle day is past . . . Father, in Thy gracious keeping Leave we now thy servant sleeping. 
In Rhode Island and across the United States, we remember and honor their vigilance, compassion, and valor. 
f 
HMONG VETERANS’ SERVICE RECOGNITION ACT Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, as a young man, I lived with my father while he served as U.S. Ambassador to Laos. I came to know it as a heartbreakingly beautiful country, with lovely, kind people, into which our international contest with com-munism violently intruded. The goal of the U.S. in Laos at the time was to prevent North Vietnamese forces from using Laos as a supply line for attacks on South Vietnam, along what was known as the Ho Chi Minh Trail, and to prevent Laos itself from falling under Communist domination by the Pathet Lao forces. So began a covert war in Laos, fund-ed by the CIA, in which at least 35,000 Lao and Hmong perished. The legendary Hmong military lead-er, General Vang Pao, operated out of a base at Long Tieng in the mountains of Laos. He told the New York Times in 2008, ‘‘There were three missions that were very important that were given to us and to me. . . . One was stopping the flow of the North Vietnamese troops through the Ho Chi Minh Trail to go to the south through Laos. Second was to rescue any American pilots during the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.041 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2722 May 16, 2018 
Vietnam war. Third, to protect the Americans that navigated the B–52s and the jets to bomb North Vietnam.’’ After the war, thousands of displaced Hmong refugees were obliged to flee Laos. They fled into Thailand, to coun-tries in Europe, and—in many cases— to the United States. My State of Rhode Island is proud to have had many settle and build their lives in our communities. The Hmong Veterans’ Service Rec-ognition Act passed into law this year, finally allowing naturalized Hmong- and Laotian-American veterans to be buried in U.S. national cemeteries. I am grateful to my fellow Rhode Is-lander Philip Smith of the Lao Vet-erans of America for his determined advocacy on behalf of Hmong and Lao veterans. Twenty-one years ago, the Clinton administration authorized a plaque to be placed at Arlington National Ceme-tery commemorating the valor of the Lao soldiers who aided American forces during the Vietnam war. It is a fitting honor for those brave combat veterans that they lie beside old comrades-in- arms, a way of keeping the promise in-scribed on this memorial plaque, which pledges that the Hmong and Lao vet-erans’ ‘‘patriotic valor and loyalty in the defense of liberty and democracy will never be forgotten.’’ After my father retired, he heard that local opposition had arisen to a proposed Lao temple not far from here in Virginia. He went with his military aide and CIA station chief from the Laos days to testify at the local hear-ing. The military aide was General Richard Trefry, then the commander of White House military operations, who in full military regalia testified that, without the courageous Lao resistance, led by Vang Pao out of the base at Long Tieng, there would be 1,000 more American names on the Vietnam War Memorial. It is with that sense of abiding grati-tude that we remember the bravery of those Hmong troops and their dedica-tion to fight for democracy and to pro-tect the lives of so many young Ameri-cans at war in Southeast Asia. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHARON JACKSON Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I would like to say a few words about Sharon Jackson, a former member of my staff who recently left to pursue another opportunity in public service. Sharon was part of the original team in my State offices that I hired after being sworn into the Senate in January 2015. She served as a constituent relations representative, where her compassion and authenticity reassured constitu-ents as she worked to resolve their issues with various Federal agencies. Being an Army veteran herself, Sharon had a unique gift of connecting with veterans and servicemembers while she helped them navigate complex govern-ment systems. The difference she made in the lives of so many people is im-measurable. Sharon provided insight into the issues small businesses face in Alaska. Her past work with National Write Your Congressman and the National Federation of Independent Businesses put her in tune with the passions and concerns of Alaska’s small businesses. She was also a very involved commu-nity member in Anchorage and Eagle River, contributing her time and en-ergy to a variety of organizations with the intention of building a better and brighter future for our great State. Sharon was a true pleasure to have on the team. She loves Alaska, and that always showed in her passionate advocacy on behalf of constituents. She loves her family and is a devoted wife and mother. We will miss Sharon and the joy she had helping Alaskans. I wish her the best in her future endeavors. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO AMANDA BEDFORD ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Amanda Bedford for her positive im-pact on the Chouteau County commu-nity as the owner of the Wake Cup Cafe. Amanda grew up on her parent’s farm between Fort Benton and Highwood. She always had a passion for the Fort Benton community, knowing 1 day that was where she wanted to open a coffee shop. At 20 years old and with the support of her parents, she made that dream a reality. Fourteen years later, the business has seen tremendous success and growth under Amanda’s leadership. What started as a tiny coffee shop, serving only coffee and a few sand-wiches, has since expanded greatly. The current building is the res-taurant’s third location, with a much larger and more expansive menu. By fo-cusing on fresh, homemade ingredients, Amanda is proud of the delicious food the Wake Cup Cafe brings to Fort Ben-ton. With the enormous growth the Wake Cup Cafe has seen, Amanda has turned it into a family business. As of 4 years ago, Amanda’s sister and brother-in- law have become part owners in the business, allowing them to continue to grow the coffee shop. While the busi-ness continues to expand, Amanda re-mains focused on providing the com-munity with a place to gather with family and friends. As Amanda says, every small town needs a coffee shop. She is proud to be that staple for the Fort Benton community. I congratulate Amanda Bedford on her wonderful impact to Fort Benton and the greater Chouteau Community. With her passion, dedication, and de-termination, her community is brought together over their favorite local hang-out: the Wake Cup Cafe.∑ TRIBUTE TO DENIS O’HAYER ∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, today I am proud to honor in the RECORD a dedicated Georgian who has elevated media political coverage and served as a true ambassador of the First Amend-ment. It is not every day that a politician honors a journalist on the floor of the Senate, but when one who is as accom-plished as Denis O’Hayer of Georgia an-nounces his upcoming retirement, it is only right to recognize his 40 years of radio and TV work and achievements. Denis O’Hayer will retire next month from Atlanta’s National Public Radio affiliate, WABE, where he has hosted of a number of programs since he joined the station 2009. Since 2015, Denis has gotten the day started for countless Atlantans who tune in for his news up-dates on ‘‘Morning Edition.’’ The listenership for his program has more than doubled since he took the helm as host. His podcast, ‘‘Political Break-fast,’’ is a more recent hit and shows Denis’s adaptability and one of the many reasons for his success in the field of broadcast journalism. Denis began his work in the Atlanta media market in 1978 in radio with WGST and as a host with Public Broad-casting Atlanta after moving to the city from his radio career in Con-necticut. During his distinguished career, Denis has also worked in television as a freelance reporter with CNN and as a political reporter at Atlanta NBC affil-iate WXIA–TV for 11 years. The Atlanta Press Club, which is one of the largest and most active profes-sional journalism associations in the country, has benefitted from Denis’s leadership as president. Denis, his distinguished WABE col-league Rose Scott, and their team earned an Edward R. Murrow award in 2012 for their television broadcast spe-cial focused on the fight against child sex trafficking in Atlanta called ‘‘How to Stop the Candy Shop.’’ The Georgia Association of Broad-casters named Denis Broadcaster of the Year in 2014, and in 2015, he was named to the Atlanta Press Club Hall of Fame. Denis is respected by colleagues across the spectrum for the quality of his work, his professionalism, and the fact that he is a consummate gen-tleman. My staff has always praised Denis, and we have looked for ways to work together whenever possible. Over the years, in addition to politics both local and national, Denis and I forged a friendship and respect for each other that went beyond work, regu-larly sharing reports about our fami-lies and discussing our shared enjoy-ment of travel. I wish Denis the very best of luck in his retirement, and I am thankful that he will continue to contribute to Geor-gia politics as a commentator in the future. Our political discourse will be better for it.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.035 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2723 May 16, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO SARMAT CHOWDHURY ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize the hard work of my Com-merce, Science, and Transportation Committee intern Sarmat Chowdhury. Sarmat hails from Woodbridge, VA, and is a graduate of George Mason Uni-versity with a bachelor’s degree in international relations and conflict analysis and resolution. While interning for the Commerce Committee, Sarmat assisted the Sub-committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security. He is a dedicated worker who was always willing to tackle new projects. I extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Sarmat and wish him continued success in the future. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PETER PETRASKO ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize the hard work of my Com-merce, Science, and Transportation Committee intern Peter Petrasko. Peter hails from Sioux Falls, SD, and is a graduate of Brown University. Peter is planning to attend graduate school in the fall. While interning for the Commerce Committee, Peter assisted the Sub-committee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness, as well as the Sub-committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety, and Security. He is a dedicated worker who was always willing to take on new projects. I extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Peter for all of the hard work and wish him con-tinued success in the future. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JACOB VALDEZ ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize the hard work of my Com-merce, Science, and Transportation Committee law clerk Jacob Valdez. Jacob hails from Tucson, AZ, and is a second-year law student at Arizona State University. While clerking for the Commerce Committee, Jacob assisted the Sub-committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security. He is a dedicated worker who was committed to getting the most out of his clerkship. I extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Jacob and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 9:40 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 1285. An act to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Con-federated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of In-dians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease or transfer certain lands. The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 613. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or cor-rectional institution provides a secure stor-age area located outside of the secure perim-eter of the Federal penal or correctional in-stitution for firearms carried by certain em-ployees of the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes. H.R. 1417. An act to amend the National Law Enforcement Museum Act to allow the Museum to acquire, receive, possess, collect, ship, transport, import, and display firearms, and for other purposes. H.R. 4854. An act to amend the DNA Anal-ysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to pro-vide additional resources to State and local prosecutors, and for other purposes. H.R. 4895. An act to establish the Medgar Evers Home National Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes. H.R. 5242. An act to require the Attorney General and the Secretary of Education to conduct a survey of all public schools to de-termine the number of school resource offi-cers at such schools. 
At 5:15 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Clerk of the House of Representatives request the Senate to return to the House the bill (H.R. 4743) to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Busi-ness Administration, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 613. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or cor-rectional institution provides a secure stor-age area located outside of the secure perim-eter of the Federal penal or correctional in-stitution for firearms carried by certain em-ployees of the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. H.R. 1417. An act to amend the National Law Enforcement Museum Act to allow the Museum to acquire, receive, possess, collect, ship, transport, import, and display firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 4895. An act to establish the Medgar Evers Home National Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 5242. An act to require the Attorney General and the Secretary of Education to conduct a survey of all public schools to de-termine the number of school resource offi-cers at such schools; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: S. 2850. A bill to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5205. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Saint Lawrence Seaway Develop-ment Corporation, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Tariff of Tolls’’ (RIN2135–AA44) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5206. A communication from the Census Bureau Federal Register Liaison Officer, Census Bureau, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Foreign Trade Regulations (FTR): Clarification on Collection and Con-fidentiality of Kimberley Process Certifi-cates’’ (RIN0607–AA54) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 2, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5207. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a Determination and Cer-tification under Section 40A of the Arms Ex-port Control Act relative to countries not cooperating fully with United States antiterrorism efforts; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5208. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Army, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the U.S. Army Audit Agency’s review of an audit of the American National Red Cross’s Annual Statement; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–231. A resolution adopted by the Mayor and City Commission of the City of Miami Beach, Florida, memorializing their support for a statewide ban on hydraulic fracturing, acid fracturing, and any form of extreme well stimulation for the purpose of resource extraction in the State of Florida; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. POM–232. A resolution adopted by the Mayor and City Commission of the City of Delray Beach, Florida, calling on the State of Florida, the Governor of Florida, the President of the United States, and the fed-eral government to pass comprehensive laws to address the growing concerns associated with gun violence in America; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 1692. A bill to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.039 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2724 May 16, 2018 
work in the District of Columbia and its en-virons, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 249). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. *David B. Cornstein, of New York, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to Hungary. Nominee: David Cornstein. Post: Ambassador to Hungary. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: $ 0.00. 2. Spouse: $ 0.00. 3. Children and Spouses: $ 0.00, Marc & Natasha Cornstein. 4. Parents: Not applicable—deceased. 5. Grandparents: Not applicable—deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Not applicable. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Not applicable. *Jackie Wolcott, of Virginia, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the International Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador. Nominee: Jackie Wolcott. Post: Representative of the United States of America with the rank of Ambassador, on the Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency, and Representative of the United States of America to the Vi-enna Office of the United Nations, with the Rank of Ambassador. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: 3. Children and Spouses: 4. Parents: Calvin H. Wolcott—deceased; Levis J. Wolcott—deceased. 5. Grandparents: Guy Weaver—deceased; Doris Weaver—deceased; Oren Wolcott—de-ceased; Amanda Wolcott—deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Calvin H. Wolcott, spouse Barbara Wolcott: $25, 8/31/15, Carson America; $25, 3/31/15, Carley (Fiorino) for President; $25, 10/29/15, Carley (Fiorino) for President; $25, 10/30/15, Carson America; $25, 3/1/16, Carson America; $100, 11/5/16, Trump Make America Great; $100, 3/31/17, Trump Make America Great; $100, 5/4/17, Handel for Congress. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Victoria A. Hughes, spouse Richard Hughes: none; Michele Ja-cobs, spouse George Jacobs: none. *Jackie Wolcott, of Virginia, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador. *Francis R. Fannon, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Energy Re-sources). *Eliot Pedrosa, of Florida, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank. *Jonathan R. Cohen, of California, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be the Dep-uty Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary, and the Deputy Representative of the United States of Amer-ica in the Security Council of the United Na-tions. *Jonathan R. Cohen, of California, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Represent-ative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during his tenure of service as Deputy Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations. By Mr. BURR for the Select Committee on Intelligence. *Gina Haspel, of Kentucky, to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. THUNE: S. 2853. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to ensure Internet openness, to prohibit blocking lawful content and non- harmful devices, to prohibit throttling data, to prohibit paid prioritization, to require transparency of network management prac-tices, to provide that broadband shall be con-sidered to be an information service, and to prohibit the Commission or a State commis-sion from relying on section 706 of the Tele-communications Act of 1996 as a grant of au-thority; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Ms. C
ORTEZ  M
ASTO , and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. 2854. A bill to establish requirements for use of a driver’s license or personal identi-fication card by certain financial institu-tions for opening an account or obtaining a financial product or service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CARDIN: S. 2855. A bill to require the Attorney Gen-eral to make competitive grants to State, tribal, and local governments to establish and maintain witness protection and assist-ance programs; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 2856. A bill to reform the requirements regarding the safety and security of families living in public and federally assisted hous-ing in high-crime areas; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. CANTWELL: S. 2857. A bill to designate the Nordic Mu-seum in Seattle, Washington, as the ‘‘Na-tional Nordic Museum’’, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Ms. S
MITH, and Mr. G ARDNER ): S. 2858. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to require the establishment of a small business voucher program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 2859. A bill to provide for the use of pas-senger facility charge revenue to enhance se-curity at airports and to make projects for the installation of security cameras eligible for the airport improvement program; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. COONS , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. T ESTER ): S. 2860. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow first responders to continue to exclude service-connected dis-ability pension payments after reaching the age of retirement; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. H
OEVEN ): S. 2861. A bill to prosecute, as a Federal crime, the assault or intimidation of a pas-senger train crew member to the same ex-tent as such actions against aircraft crew members are prosecuted; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. S
COTT): S. 2862. A bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study regarding the buyout practices of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. R OUNDS , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. C OTTON , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. T ESTER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. S MITH, Mr. M
ORAN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. I
SAKSON , and Mr. W ICKER ): S. 2863. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint a coin in commemora-tion of the opening of the National Law En-forcement Museum in the District of Colum-bia, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 2864. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to authorize a Joint Task Force to enhance integration of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s border security operations to detect, interdict, disrupt, and prevent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Ms. S
MITH, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 2865. A bill to ensure that certain mate-rials used in carrying out Federal infrastruc-ture aid programs are made in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 2866. A bill to require the Secretary of the Army to expedite the completion of cer-tain feasibility studies and reports and to amend the Coastal Barrier Resources Act to ensure public safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. By Mr. WICKER: S. 2867. A bill to improve the Junior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps programs, to authorize an expansion of their presence in low-income, rural, and underserved areas of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.014 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2725 May 16, 2018 
By Mr. GARDNER: S. 2868. A bill to enhance the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program to assist law en-forcement agencies in protecting law en-forcement officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. C
ARPER ): S. 2869. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Amendments of 1977 to require the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to report certain hiring to carry out the Safe Drinking Water Act; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 2870. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the site known as ‘‘Amache’’ in the State of Colorado; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. T
OOMEY , and Mr. M URPHY ): S. 2871. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to ex-tend public safety officers’ death benefits to fire police officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. C RUZ): S. Res. 511. A resolution honoring Las Damas de Blanco as the recipient of the 2018 Milton Friedman Prize for Advancing Lib-erty; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. K ING, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C
RAPO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. D AINES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. J
OHNSON , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. C ORNYN , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. L ANKFORD , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. E NZI, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. M
CCONNELL , Ms. S MITH, Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. L EE, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
EED, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. R UBIO, Mrs. H YDE- S
MITH, Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. T HUNE ): S. Res. 512. A resolution designating the week of May 13 through May 19, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Police Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. K ING, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. N
ELSON , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. Res. 513. A resolution recognizing Na-tional Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster-care system, and en-couraging Congress to implement policy to improve the lives of children in the foster- care system; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. BENNET , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. B
URR, Mr. I SAKSON , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. S COTT, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mrs. H YDE- S
MITH, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. C OONS , Mr. M
CCAIN, and Mr. H ATCH ): S. Res. 514. A resolution congratulating the students, parents, teachers, and leaders of charter schools across the United States for making ongoing contributions to education, and supporting the ideals and goals of the 19th annual National Charter Schools Week, celebrated May 7 through May 11, 2018; con-sidered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 573 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 573, a bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commission. 
S. 793 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 793, a bill to prohibit sale of shark fins, and for other purposes. 
S. 978 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 978, a bill to direct the Secretary of Education to establish an award program recognizing excellence exhibited by public school system em-ployees providing services to students in prekindergarten through higher edu-cation. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from Wash-ington (Mrs. M
URRAY ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
AR-
PER) were added as cosponsors of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chi-nese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1086 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1086, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to remove the prohibition on eligibility for TRICARE Reserve Select of members of the re-serve components of the Armed Forces who are eligible to enroll in a health benefits plan under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. 
S. 1092 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1092, a bill to protect the right of law- abiding citizens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patch-work of local and State prohibitions. S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers dur-ing pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1328 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1328, a bill to extend the protections of the Fair Housing Act to persons suffering discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, and for other purposes. 
S. 1400 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1400, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protec-tions of Native American tangible cul-tural heritage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1806 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1806, a bill to amend the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 and the Head Start Act to pro-mote child care and early learning, and for other purposes. 
S. 1830 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1830, a bill to strengthen employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government. 
S. 1870 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1870, a bill to amend the Vic-tims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure ur-gent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to au-thorize the expansion of activities re-lated to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2285 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.026 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2726 May 16, 2018 
of S. 2285, a bill to require mailing ad-dresses to correspond with the physical address at which the mail will be deliv-ered. 
S. 2303 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2303, a bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to preserve consumer and employer access to li-censed independent insurance pro-ducers. 
S. 2356 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2356, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ad-dress staffing and other issues at facili-ties, including underserved facilities, of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2358 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANT-
WELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2358, a bill to require a study on women and lung cancer, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2364 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2364, a bill to amend the Water In-frastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 to provide to State infra-structure financing authorities addi-tional opportunities to receive loans under that Act to support drinking water and clean water State revolving funds to deliver water infrastructure to communities across the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2395 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2395, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to authorize the provision of technical assistance under the Pre-serve America Program and to direct the Secretary of the Interior to enter into partnerships with communities adjacent to units of the National Park System to leverage local cultural her-itage tourism assets. 
S. 2418 
At the request of Ms. H ASSAN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2418, a bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to promulgate regulations that estab-lish a national standard for deter-mining whether mobile and broadband services available in rural areas are reasonably comparable to those serv-ices provided in urban areas. 
S. 2465 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), the Senator from Michi-gan (Ms. STABENOW ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2465, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease pre-vention and treatment demonstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, preven-tion, and treatment. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make im-provements to certain defense and se-curity assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2568, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 2580 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2580, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to make clear that each decennial census, as required for the apportionment of Representatives in Congress among the several States, shall tabulate the total number of persons in each State, and to provide that no information regard-ing United States citizenship or immi-gration status may be elicited in any such census. 
S. 2597 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Sen-ator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2597, a bill to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2745 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2745, a bill to establish a grant program to provide assistance to prevent and repair damage to struc-tures due to pyrrhotite. 
S. 2800 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZ-
MAN) were added as cosponsors of S. 2800, a bill to provide for the conserva-tion and development of water and re-lated resources, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Army to construct var-ious projects for improvements to riv-ers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes. S. 2836 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2836, a bill to assist the Department of Homeland Security in preventing emerging threats from un-manned aircraft and vehicles, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 154 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 154, a resolution promoting awareness of motorcycle profiling and encouraging collaboration and commu-nication with the motorcycle commu-nity and law enforcement officials to prevent instances of profiling. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 168, a resolution supporting re-spect for human rights and encour-aging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 383 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 383, a resolution expressing support for the designation of a ‘‘Wom-en’s Health Research Day’’. 
S. RES. 508 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Sen-ator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 508, a resolution supporting the goals of Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome International Awareness Day. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 2866. A bill to require the Sec-retary of the Army to expedite the completion of certain feasibility stud-ies and reports and to amend the Coastal Barrier Resources Act to en-sure public safety, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2866 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coastal Texas Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COASTAL TEXAS PROTECTION AND RES-TORATION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Army shall expe-dite the completion of feasibility studies for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.019 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2727 May 16, 2018 
flood damage reduction, hurricane and storm damage reduction, and ecosystem restora-tion in the coastal areas of Texas that are identified in the interim report due to be published in 2018 that describes the ten-tatively selected plan developed in accord-ance with section 4091 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2007 (121 Stat. 1187). 
SEC. 3. PUBLIC SAFETY EXCEPTIONS UNDER COASTAL BARRIER RESOURCES ACT. 
Section 5(a)(3) of the Coastal Barrier Re-sources Act (16 U.S.C. 3504(a)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, T-02A, T-03A, T-04 through T- 07, T-11,’’ after ‘‘S08’’. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 2860. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow first re-sponders to continue to exclude serv-ice-connected disability pension pay-ments after reaching the age of retire-ment; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2860 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Putting First-Responders First Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CONTINUED EXCLUSION OF FIRST RE-SPONDER SERVICE-CONNECTED DIS-ABILITY PAYMENTS AFTER AGE OF RETIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 104 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by re-designating subsection (d) as subsection (e) and by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FIRST RESPONDER  S
ERVICE -CONNECTED DISABILITY PAYMENTS  A
FTER AGE OF RETIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual who receives a service-connected dis-ability excludible amount, gross income shall not include such amount of any retire-ment pension or annuity which— ‘‘(A) is received by such individual with re-spect to the service to which the service-con-nected disability excludible amount relates, ‘‘(B) is determined by reference to the indi-vidual’s age, length of service, or contribu-tions, and ‘‘(C) does not exceed the service-connected disability excludable amount (determined on an annualized basis under such regulations or other guidance as the Secretary may pre-scribe). ‘‘(2) S
ERVICE -CONNECTED DISABILITY EX -
CLUDIBLE AMOUNT .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘service-connected dis-ability excludible amount’ means an amount received by an individual which ceases upon reaching retirement age and is not includible in gross income under subsection (a)(1) by reason of a service-connected disability as a law enforcement officer (as such term is de-fined in section 1204 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968), an em-ployee in fire protection activities (as such term is defined in section 3(y) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938), or an indi-vidual who provides out-of-hospital emer-gency medical care (including emergency medical technician, paramedic, or first-re-sponder).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. f SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 511—HON-ORING LAS DAMAS DE BLANCO AS THE RECIPIENT OF THE 2018 MILTON FRIEDMAN PRIZE FOR ADVANCING LIBERTY Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. C RUZ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. R ES. 511 Whereas Las Damas de Blanco (also known as the ‘‘Ladies in White’’) is a group com-posed of wives and female relatives of im-prisoned political prisoners, prisoners of con-science, and peaceful dissidents in Cuba; Whereas, in April 2003, during the wave of repression known as the ‘‘Black Spring’’, a group of strong and courageous women formed Las Damas de Blanco in response to the wrongful imprisonment of their family members by the Cuban regime; Whereas, since the inception of the group, the members of Las Damas de Blanco have attended Sunday mass in the Church of Santa Rita in Havana, Cuba, and then marched peacefully through the streets of Havana holding photos of their jailed rel-atives and white gladioluses; Whereas members of Las Damas de Blanco regularly march to advocate for the release of all political prisoners and the freedom of the Cuban people from Cuba’s repressive re-gime; Whereas, despite leading peaceful protests, members of Las Damas de Blanco are regu-larly attacked by Cuban regime security forces and prevented from exercising their fundamental rights of the freedoms of ex-pression and assembly; Whereas, according to Amnesty Inter-national— (1) Las Damas de Blanco ‘‘remain[s] one of the primary targets of repression by Cuban [G]overnment authorities’’; and (2) members of Las Damas de Blanco are frequently detained and ‘‘often beaten by law enforcement officials and state security agents dressed as civilians’’ while in deten-tion; Whereas, according to the Human Rights Watch 2018 World Report, ‘‘detention is often used preemptively to prevent people from participating in peaceful marches or meet-ings to discuss politics, and detainees are often beaten, threatened, and held incommu-nicado for hours or days’’; Whereas the Human Rights Watch 2018 World Report noted that, ‘‘Cuban Police or state security agents continue to routinely harass, rough up, and detain members of Las Damas de Blanco before or after they attend Sunday mass’’; Whereas, in 2005, Las Damas de Blanco was selected to receive the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought, but the Cuban regime did not allow the members of the group to leave the island to accept the award; Whereas Laura Ine´s Polla´n Toledo, the founder of Las Damas de Blanco, left a leg-acy of a peaceful protest against human and civil rights abuses in Cuba; Whereas Laura Ine´s Polla´n Toledo died on October 14, 2011, and while her death gar-nered widespread international attention, the Cuban regime remained silent; Whereas, according to Freedom House, in December 2013, Las Damas de Blanco ‘‘took to the streets to demonstrate against human rights abuses on International Human Rights Day, but were detained before the protest could begin’’; Whereas, in February 2015, 30 members of Las Damas de Blanco were arrested in an at-tempt by Cuban officials to bar the women from participating in the #TodosMarchamos march, which sought to advocate for the freedom of political prisoners in Cuba; Whereas, on March 20, 2016, a few hours be-fore President Barack Obama landed in Cuba for his first visit to the communist country, Cuban authorities arrested more than 50 dis-sidents protesting the deteriorating state of human rights in Cuba and directly targeted Las Damas de Blanco; Whereas, while Raul Castro is no longer the head of state of Cuba, grave human rights abuses continue under the newly se-lected President of Cuba, Miguel Dı ´az-Canel; Whereas Las Damas de Blanco has ap-pealed to the United States and other foreign governments in order to bring international attention to the repression of dissent by the Cuban regime and the plight of political pris-oners, who are routinely jailed unjustly and without due process; Whereas, on May 17, 2018, Las Damas de Blanco will receive the prestigious 2018 Mil-ton Friedman Prize for Advancing Liberty for the bravery of the group and the con-tinuing efforts of the group to fight for indi-vidual freedom in Cuba; Whereas the Milton Friedman Prize for Ad-vancing Liberty acknowledges those who have advocated and contributed to advancing human liberty; and Whereas Berta de los A´ngeles Soler Ferna´ndez and Leticia Ramos Herrerı ´a, members of Las Damas de Blanco, have been prohibited by the government of Dı ´az-Canel from leaving Cuba to accept the 2018 Milton Friedman Prize for Advancing Liberty in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates Las Damas de Blanco on receiving the prestigious 2018 Milton Fried-man Prize for Advancing Liberty; (2) honors the members of Las Damas de Blanco for their courageous efforts to stand up to the Cuban regime and defend human rights and fundamental freedoms, as ex-pressed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; (3) recognizes all of the valiant leaders of Las Damas de Blanco, including those mem-bers who died before being able to see a free Cuba; (4) expresses solidarity and commitment to the democratic aspirations of the Cuban peo-ple; and (5) calls on the Cuban regime to allow members of Las Damas de Blanco to travel freely both domestically and internationally. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 512—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF MAY 13 THROUGH MAY 19, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL POLICE WEEK’’ Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. K ING, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C
RAPO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. S COTT, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. M ANCHIN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. D AINES , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. J OHNSON , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.027 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2728 May 16, 2018 
Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. C ORNYN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. L ANKFORD , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. E NZI, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Ms. S MITH, Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. L EE, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. R EED, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. W
YDEN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. R UBIO, Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. T HUNE ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 512 Whereas Federal, State, local, and Tribal police officers, sheriffs, and other law en-forcement officers across the United States serve with valor, dignity and integrity; Whereas law enforcement officers are charged with pursuing justice for all individ-uals and performing their duties with fidel-ity to the constitutional and civil rights of the public they serve; Whereas law enforcement officers swear an oath to uphold the public trust despite the fact that through the performance of their duties, they too may become targets for senseless acts of violence; Whereas, in 1962, President John Fitzgerald Kennedy signed the Joint Resolution enti-tled ‘‘Joint Resolution to authorize the President to proclaim May 15 of each year as Peace Officers Memorial Day and the cal-endar week of each year during which such May 15 occurs as Police Week’’, approved Oc-tober 1, 1962 (36 U.S.C. 136) (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Joint Resolution’’), which authorizes the President of the United States to proclaim May 15 of every year as Peace Officers Memorial Day ‘‘in honor of the Federal, State, and municipal officers who have been killed or disabled in the line of duty’’; Whereas the Joint Resolution also author-izes the President to designate the week in which Peace Officers Memorial Day falls as National Police Week; Whereas the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, dedicated on October 15, 1991, is the national monument to honor those law enforcement officers who have died in the line of duty; Whereas the 37th Annual National Peace Officers Memorial Service, held this year, will honor the 129 law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty in 2017, including Stephen L. Ackerman, Ryan M. Albin, Aaron W. Allan, Damon C. Allen, Colt E. Allery, Shawn T. Anderson, Stephen J. Ballard, Cur-tis A. Bartlett, Berke M.M. Bates, Matthew S. Baxter, Justin L. Beard, Curtis B. Billue, William T. Bishop, Curtis W. Blackbird, An-thony J. Borostowski, Keith W. Boyer, Tim-othy A. Braden, Kevin J. Brewer, Julie A. England Bridges, Thomas C. Bunker, Mark J. Burbridge, Michael C. Butler, Meggan L. Cal-lahan, Andrew J. Camilleri, Sr., James E. Chapman, Lucas F. Chellew, James E. Clark, Debra L. Clayton, Sander B. Cohen, Sean F. Cookson, Kenneth M. Copeland, Carl T. Cosper, Jr., Jaimie J.A. Cox, Aaron L. Crook, Henry J. Cullen III, Veronica S. Darden, Joel R. Davis, Benjamin A. De Los Santos- Barbosa, Nathan M. Desjardins, Mark G. Diebold, Steven E. DiSario, Bernard W. Domagala, Kenneth J. Doyle, Donald W. Durr, Floyd East, Jr., David J. Fahey, Jr., Brian S. Falb, Miosotis P. Familia, Jason M. Fann, Steven R. Floyd, Sr., Michael R. Foley, Robert A. French, Jason A. Garner, Randall S. Gibson, Jonathan W.R. Ginka, Nathan B. Graves, Clinton F. Greenwood, Thomas J. Hannon, Jason G. Harris, Charles-ton V. Hartfield, Kevin M. Haverly, Kristen N. Hearne, Joe W. Heddy, Jr., Devin P. Hodges, David J. Hoefler, Richard S. Howard III, Stephen R. Jenkins, Sr., Robert J. John-son, Donald O. Kimbrough, Stephen T. Kubinski, Houston J. Largo, Paul Lazinsky, Craig E. Lehner, Justin A. Leo, Norman C. Lewis, Angel L. Lorenzo-Gonzalez, Michael D. Louviere, Kevin C. Mainhart, Elias Mar-tinez, Rogelio Martinez, William A. Mat-hews, Hector L. Matias-Torres, Steven D. McDonald, Marcus A. McNeil, Gregory M. Meagher, Mark L. Mecham, Roberto Medina- Mariani, Jay R. Memmelaar, Jr., D. Heath Meyer, Gary L. Michael, Jr., Michael P. Mid-dlebrook, Christopher J. Monica, Joshua S. Montaad, Mason P. Moore, Isaac Morales, Miguel I. Moreno, Marvin S. Moyer, Eric W. Mumaw, Raymond A. Murrell, Thomas P. Nipper, Rickey O’Donald, Terrence S. O’Hara, Timothy J. O’Neill, Eric B. Overall, Chad W. Parque, Zackari S. Parrish III, Steve A. Perez, Monty D. Platt, Daniel K. Rebman, Jr., Nicholas A. Rodman, Robert P. Rumfelt, Wendy L. Shannon, Brian D. Shaw, Justin J. Smith, Michael P. Stewart III, Sean M. Suiter, Matthew L. Tarentino, Shana R. Tedder, Jimmy D. Tennyson, Jus-tin M. Terney, David Torres-Chaparro, Andre H. Van Vegten, David J. Wade, Jerry R. Walker, James M. Wallace, Michael T. Wal-ter, Patrick N. Weatherford, Jason T. Weiland, and Elise A. Ybarra; and Whereas, since the beginning of 2018, more than 50 law enforcement officers from across the United States have made the ultimate sacrifice: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of May 13 through May 19, 2018, as ‘‘National Police Week’’; (2) expresses strong support for law en-forcement officers across the United States in their efforts to build safer and more se-cure communities; (3) recognizes the need to ensure that law enforcement officers have the equipment, training, and resources necessary to protect their health and safety while they are pro-tecting the public; (4) recognizes the members of the law en-forcement community for their selfless acts of bravery; (5) acknowledges that police officers and other law enforcement personnel who have made the ultimate sacrifice should be re-membered and honored; (6) expresses condolences to the loved ones of each law enforcement officer who has made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty; and (7) encourages the people of the United States to observe National Police Week with appropriate ceremonies and activities that promote awareness of the vital role law en-forcement officers perform safeguarding the public trust for the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 513—RECOG-NIZING NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH AS AN OPPORTUNITY TO RAISE AWARENESS ABOUT THE CHALLENGES OF CHILDREN IN THE FOSTER-CARE SYSTEM, AND ENCOURAGING CONGRESS TO IM-PLEMENT POLICY TO IMPROVE THE LIVES OF CHILDREN IN THE FOSTER-CARE SYSTEM Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. DAINES , Mr. K ING, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. N ELSON , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 513 Whereas National Foster Care Month was established more than 20 years ago to— (1) bring foster-care issues to the forefront; (2) highlight the importance of perma-nency for every child; and (3) recognize the essential role that foster parents, social workers, and advocates have in the lives of children in foster care throughout the United States; Whereas all children deserve a safe, loving, and permanent home; Whereas the primary goal of the foster- care system is to ensure the safety and well- being of children while working to provide a safe, loving, and permanent home for each child; Whereas there are approximately 438,000 children living in foster care; Whereas there were approximately 273,539 youth that entered the foster-care system in 2016, while over 65,000 youth were eligible and awaiting adoption at the end of 2016; Whereas the number of children living in foster care and entering foster care has in-creased dramatically in recent years; Whereas over 92,000 children entered foster care in 2016 due to parental drug abuse; Whereas children of color are more likely to stay in the foster-care system for longer periods of time and are less likely to be re-united with their biological families; Whereas foster parents are the front-line caregivers for children who cannot safely re-main with their biological parents and pro-vide physical care, emotional support, edu-cation advocacy, and are the largest single source of families providing permanent homes for children leaving foster care to adoption; Whereas children in foster care who are placed with relatives, compared to children placed with nonrelatives, have more sta-bility, including fewer changes in place-ments, have more positive perceptions of their placements, are more likely to be placed with their siblings, and demonstrate fewer behavioral problems; Whereas some relative caregivers receive less financial assistance and support services than do foster caregivers; Whereas an increased emphasis on preven-tion and reunification services is necessary to reduce the number of children that are forced to remain in the foster-care system; Whereas more than 20,000 youth ‘‘aged out’’ of foster care in 2016 without a legal perma-nent connection to an adult or family; Whereas children who age out of foster care lack the security or support of a bio-logical or adoptive family and frequently struggle to secure affordable housing, obtain health insurance, pursue higher education, and acquire adequate employment; Whereas foster care is intended to be a temporary placement, but children remain in the foster-care system for an average of 19 months; Whereas children in foster care experience an average of 3 different placements, which often leads to disruption of routines and the need to change schools and move away from siblings, extended families, and familiar sur-roundings; Whereas youth in foster care are much more likely to face educational instability with 65 percent of former foster children ex-periencing at least 7 school changes while in care; Whereas children entering foster care often confront the widespread misperception that children in foster care are disruptive, unruly, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.029 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2729 May 16, 2018 
and dangerous, even though placement in foster care is based on the actions of a par-ent or guardian, not the child; Whereas recent studies show foster chil-dren enrolled in Medicaid were prescribed antipsychotic medications at 3 to 9 times the rate of other children receiving Medicaid; Whereas due to heavy caseloads and lim-ited resources, the average tenure for a worker in child protection services is just 3 years; Whereas States, localities, and commu-nities should be encouraged to invest re-sources in preventative and reunification services and postpermanency programs to ensure that more children in foster care are provided with safe, loving, and permanent placements; Whereas in 2018, Congress passed the Fam-ily First Prevention Services Act, which pro-vided new investments in prevention and family reunification services to help more families stay together and ensure more chil-dren are in safe, loving, and permanent homes; Whereas Federal legislation over the past 3 decades, including the Adoption Assistance and Child Welfare Act of 1980 (Public Law 96– 272), the Adoption and Safe Families Act of 1997 (Public Law 105–89), the Fostering Con-nections to Success and Increasing Adop-tions Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–351), the Child and Family Services Improvement and Innovation Act (Public Law 112–34), and the Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strength-ening Families Act (Public Law 113–183) pro-vided new investments and services to im-prove the outcomes of children in the foster- care system; Whereas May 2018 is an appropriate month to designate as National Foster Care Month to provide an opportunity to acknowledge the accomplishments of the child-welfare workforce, foster parents, advocacy commu-nity, and mentors for their dedication, ac-complishments, and positive impact they have on the lives of children; and Whereas much remains to be done to en-sure that all children have a safe, loving, nurturing, and permanent family, regardless of age or special needs: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of National Foster Care Month; (2) recognizes National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges that children face in the fos-ter-care system; (3) encourages Congress to implement pol-icy to improve the lives of children in the foster-care system; (4) acknowledges the unique needs of chil-dren in the foster-care system; (5) recognizes foster youth throughout the United States for their ongoing tenacity, courage, and resilience while facing life chal-lenges; (6) acknowledges the exceptional alumni of the foster-care system who serve as advo-cates and role models for youth who remain in care; (7) honors the commitment and dedication of the individuals who work tirelessly to pro-vide assistance and services to children in the foster-care system; (8) supports the designation of May 31, 2018 as National Foster Parent Appreciation Day; (9) recognizes National Foster Parent Ap-preciation Day as an opportunity to recog-nize the efforts of foster parents to provide safe and loving care for children in need and raise awareness about the increasing need for foster parents to serve in their commu-nities; and (10) reaffirms the need to continue working to improve the outcomes of all children in the foster-care system through parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) and other programs de-signed to— (A) support vulnerable families; (B) invest in prevention and reunification services; (C) promote adoption in cases where reuni-fication is not in the best interests of the child; (D) adequately serve those children brought into the foster-care system; and (E) facilitate the successful transition into adulthood for children that ‘‘age out’’ of the foster-care system. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 514—CON-GRATULATING THE STUDENTS, PARENTS, TEACHERS, AND LEADERS OF CHARTER SCHOOLS ACROSS THE UNITED STATES FOR MAKING ONGOING CON-TRIBUTIONS TO EDUCATION, AND SUPPORTING THE IDEALS AND GOALS OF THE 19TH ANNUAL NATIONAL CHARTER SCHOOLS WEEK, CELEBRATED MAY 7 THROUGH MAY 11, 2018 Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. B
URR, Mr. I SAKSON , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. C OONS , Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 514 Whereas charter schools are public schools that do not charge tuition and enroll any student who wants to attend, often through a random lottery when the demand for en-rollment is outmatched by the supply of available charter school seats; Whereas high-performing public charter schools deliver a high-quality public edu-cation and challenge all students to reach the students’ potential for academic success; Whereas high-performing public charter schools promote innovation and excellence in public education; Whereas public charter schools throughout the United States provide millions of fami-lies with diverse and innovative educational options for children of the families; Whereas high-performing public charter schools and charter management organiza-tions are increasing student achievement and attendance rates at institutions of high-er education; Whereas public charter schools are author-ized by a designated entity and— (1) respond to the needs of communities, families, and students in the United States; and (2) promote the principles of quality, ac-countability, choice, high-performance, and innovation; Whereas, in exchange for flexibility and autonomy, public charter schools are held accountable by the authorizers of the char-ter schools for improving student achieve-ment and for sound financial and operational management; Whereas public charter schools are re-quired to meet the student achievement ac-countability requirements under the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) in the same man-ner as traditional public schools; Whereas public charter schools often set higher expectations for students, beyond the requirements of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), to ensure that the charter schools are of high quality and truly accountable to the public; Whereas 44 States and the District of Co-lumbia have enacted laws authorizing public charter schools; Whereas, as of the 2017–2018 school year, more than 7,000 public charter schools served nearly 3,200,000 children; Whereas enrollment in public charter schools grew from 400,000 students in 2001 to 3,200,000 students in 2018, an eightfold in-crease in 17 years; Whereas in the United States— (1) in 208 school districts, more than 10 per-cent of public school students are enrolled in public charter schools; and (2) in 19 school districts, at least 30 percent of public school students are enrolled in pub-lic charter schools; Whereas high-performing public charter schools improve the academic achievement of students enrolled in the charter schools and collaborate with traditional public schools to improve public education for all students; Whereas public charter schools— (1) give parents the freedom to choose pub-lic schools; (2) routinely measure parental satisfaction levels; and (3) must prove the ongoing success of the charter schools to parents, policymakers, and the communities served by the charter schools or risk closure; Whereas a 2015 report from the Center for Research on Education Outcomes at Stan-ford University found significant improve-ments for students at urban charter schools, and compared to peers of traditional public schools, each year those students completed the equivalent of 28 more days of learning in reading and 40 more days of learning in math; Whereas parental demand for high-per-forming charter schools is high, and there was an estimated 5 percent growth in charter school enrollment between fall 2016 and fall 2017; and Whereas the 19th annual National Charter Schools Week is celebrated the week of May 7 through May 11, 2018: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the students, families, teachers, leaders, and staff of public charter schools across the United States for— (A) making ongoing contributions to pub-lic education; (B) making impressive strides in closing the academic achievement gap in schools in the United States, particularly in schools with some of the most disadvantaged stu-dents in both rural and urban communities; and (C) improving and strengthening the public school system throughout the United States; (2) supports the ideals and goals of the 19th annual National Charter Schools Week, a week-long celebration held May 7 through May 11, 2018, in communities throughout the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to hold appropriate programs, cere-monies, and activities for National Charter Schools Week to demonstrate support for public charter schools. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2243. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 36, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.029 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2730 May 16, 2018 
2019 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2244. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T ILLIS ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2772, to amend title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide for requirements relating to the reas-signment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees. SA 2245. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C ORNYN  (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3249, to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Pro-gram, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2243. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 36, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2019 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON PAY FOR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS IF THE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET AND APPROPRIATIONS ARE NOT COMPLETED IN A TIMELY MAN-NER. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) both Houses of Congress should approve a concurrent resolution on the budget and all the regular appropriations bills before October 1 of each fiscal year; (2) if a concurrent resolution on the budget and all the regular appropriations bills are not approved by October 1 of each fiscal year, no funds should be appropriated or oth-erwise be made available from the Treasury of the United States for the pay of any Mem-ber of Congress during any period after Octo-ber 1 that a concurrent resolution on the budget and all the regular appropriations bills are not completed; and (3) no retroactive pay should be provided to any Member of Congress for any period for which pay is not made available as described in paragraph (2). 
SA 2244. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. T
ILLIS ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2772, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for require-ments relating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Senior Executive Ac-countability Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SEA Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON REASSIGN-MENT OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS SENIOR EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 727. Reassignment of senior executives ‘‘(a) A
PPROVAL OF REASSIGNMENTS .—No in- dividual employed in a senior executive posi-tion at the Department may be reassigned to another such position at the Department un-less such reassignment is approved in writ-ing and signed by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS REQUIRED .—(1) Not later than June 30 and December 31 of each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the reassignment of in-dividuals employed in senior executive posi-tions at the Department to other such posi-tions at the Department during the period covered by the report. ‘‘(2) Each report submitted under para-graph (1) shall describe the purpose of each reassignment and the costs associated with such reassignment. ‘‘(3) For purposes of paragraph (2), costs as-sociated with a reassignment may only in-clude the following: ‘‘(A) A salary increase. ‘‘(B) Temporary travel expenses for the in-dividual or the family of the individual. ‘‘(C) Moving expenses. ‘‘(D) A paid incentive. ‘‘(c) SENIOR EXECUTIVE POSITION DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘senior executive position’ has the meaning given such term in section 713(d) of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 725 the following new item: ‘‘727. Reassignment of senior executives.’’. 
SA 2245. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORNYN (for himself and Mr. P ETERS )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3249, to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authoriza-tion Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
For the purposes of this Act— (1) the term ‘‘firearms offenses’’ means an offense under section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code; (2) the term ‘‘Program’’ means the Project Safe Neighborhoods Block Grant Program established under section 3; and (3) the term ‘‘transnational organized crime group’’ has the meaning given such term in section 36(k)(6) of the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(k)(6)). 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT. 
The Attorney General of the United States is authorized to establish and carry out a program, to be known as the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Block Grant Program’’ with-in the Office of Justice Programs at the De-partment of Justice. 
SEC. 4. PURPOSE. 
(a) P ROJECT SAFE NEIGHBORHOODS BLOCK  G
RANT PROGRAM .—The purpose of the Pro-gram is to foster and improve existing part-nerships between Federal, State, and local agencies, including the United States Attor-ney in each Federal judicial district, entities representing members of the community af-fected by increased violence, victims’ advo-cates, and researchers to create safer neigh-borhoods through sustained reductions in violent crimes by— (1) developing and executing comprehen-sive strategic plans to reduce violent crimes, including the enforcement of gun laws, and prioritizing efforts focused on identified sub-sets of individuals or organizations respon-sible for increasing violence in a particular geographic area; (2) developing evidence-based and data- driven intervention and prevention initia-tives, including juvenile justice projects and activities which may include street-level outreach, conflict mediation, provision of treatment and social services, and the changing of community norms, in order to reduce violence; and (3) collecting data on outcomes achieved through the Program, including the effect on the violent crime rate, incarceration rate, and recidivism rate of the jurisdiction. (b) ADDITIONAL PURPOSE AREAS .—In addi- tion to the purpose described in subsection (a), the Attorney General may use funds au-thorized under this Act for any of the fol-lowing purposes— (1) competitive and evidence-based pro-grams to reduce gun crime and gang vio-lence; (2) the Edward Byrne criminal justice inno-vation program; (3) community-based violence prevention initiatives; or (4) gang and youth violence education, pre-vention and intervention, and related activi-ties. 
SEC. 5. RULES AND REGULATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall issue guidance to create, carry out, and administer the Program in accordance with this section. (b) F
UNDS TO BEDIRECTED TO LOCAL CON-
TROL .—Amounts made available as grants under the Program shall be, to the greatest extent practicable, locally controlled to ad-dress problems that are identified locally. (c) T
ASK FORCES .—Thirty percent of the amounts made available as grants under the Program each fiscal year shall be granted to Gang Task Forces in regions experiencing a significant or increased presence of criminal or transnational organizations engaging in high levels of violent crime, firearms of-fenses, human trafficking, and drug traf-ficking. (d) P
RIORITY .—Amounts made available as grants under the Program shall be used to prioritize the investigation and prosecution of individuals who have an aggravating or leadership role in a criminal or transnational organization described in sub-section (c). 
SEC. 6. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General to carry out the Pro-gram $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I have 10 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the fol-lowing nominations: Joseph Ryan Gruters, of Florida, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, Jen-nifer L. Homendy, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Transpor-tation Safety Board, and Heidi R. King, of California, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Department of Trans-portation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.030 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2731 May 16, 2018 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 10 a m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Authorizing the Use of Military Force: S.J. Res 59.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting the Next Genera-tion: Safety and Security at Bureau of Indian Education Schools.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Cambridge Analytica and the Future of Data Privacy’’. 
JOINT COMMITTEE ON THE LIBRARY  
The Joint Committee on the Library is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 3.30 p.m. to conduct a hear-ing. 
JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING  
The Joint Committee on Printing is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 3:45 p m. to conduct a hearing. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 10, 2018, at 9:15 a.m. to conduct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SPACE , SCIENCE , AND 
COMPETITIVENESS  
The Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my legis-lative fellow Collin Anderson be grant-ed floor privileges until the end of June 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Anabel Moreno-Mendez, be granted privileges of the floor for the remain-der of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 2850 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2850) to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
IMPROVE DATA ON SEXUAL VIOLENCE ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 395, S. 2349. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2349) to direct the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to estab-lish an interagency working group to study Federal efforts to collect data on sexual vio-lence and to make recommendations on the harmonization of such efforts, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2349) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2349 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improve Data on Sexual Violence Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP TO STUDY FEDERAL EFFORTS TO COL-LECT DATA ON SEXUAL VIOLENCE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall establish an inter-agency working group (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Working Group’’) to study Federal efforts to collect data on sexual vio-lence and to make recommendations on the harmonization of such efforts. (b) C
OMPOSITION .—The Working Group shall be comprised of at least one representa-tive from the following agencies, who shall be selected by the head of that agency: (1) The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (2) The Department of Defense. (3) The Department of Education. (4) The Department of Health and Human Services. (5) The Department of Justice. (c) DUTIES .—The Working Group shall con-sider the following: (1) What activity constitutes different acts of sexual violence. (2) Whether reports that use the same terms for acts of sexual violence are col-lecting the same data on these acts. (3) Whether the context which lead to an act of sexual violence should impact how that act is accounted for in reports. (4) Whether the data collected is presented in a way that allows the general public to understand what acts of sexual violence are included in each measurement. (5) Steps that agencies that compile re-ports relating to sexual violence can take to avoid double counting incidents of sexual vi-olence. (d) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Working Group shall publish and submit to Congress a report on the following: (1) The activities of the Working Group. (2) Recommendations to harmonize Fed-eral efforts to collect data on sexual vio-lence. (3) Actions Federal agencies can take to implement the recommendations described in paragraph (2). (4) Recommendations for congressional ac-tion to implement the recommendations de-scribed in paragraph (2). (e) T
ERMINATION .—The Working Group shall terminate 30 days after the date on which the report is submitted pursuant to subsection (d). (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: (1) H
ARMONIZE .—The term ‘‘harmonize’’ in-cludes efforts to coordinate sexual violence data collection to produce complementary information, as appropriate, without com-promising programmatic needs. (2) S
EXUAL VIOLENCE .—The term ‘‘sexual violence’’ includes an unwanted sexual act (including both contact and non-contact) about which the Federal Government col-lects information. f 
PROJECT SAFE NEIGHBORHOODS GRANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZA-TION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3249 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3249) to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Cor-nyn substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2245) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.033 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2732 May 16, 2018 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authoriza-tion Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
For the purposes of this Act— (1) the term ‘‘firearms offenses’’ means an offense under section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code; (2) the term ‘‘Program’’ means the Project Safe Neighborhoods Block Grant Program established under section 3; and (3) the term ‘‘transnational organized crime group’’ has the meaning given such term in section 36(k)(6) of the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(k)(6)). 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT. 
The Attorney General of the United States is authorized to establish and carry out a program, to be known as the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Block Grant Program’’ with-in the Office of Justice Programs at the De-partment of Justice. 
SEC. 4. PURPOSE. 
(a) P ROJECT SAFE NEIGHBORHOODS BLOCK  G
RANT PROGRAM .—The purpose of the Pro-gram is to foster and improve existing part-nerships between Federal, State, and local agencies, including the United States Attor-ney in each Federal judicial district, entities representing members of the community af-fected by increased violence, victims’ advo-cates, and researchers to create safer neigh-borhoods through sustained reductions in violent crimes by— (1) developing and executing comprehen-sive strategic plans to reduce violent crimes, including the enforcement of gun laws, and prioritizing efforts focused on identified sub-sets of individuals or organizations respon-sible for increasing violence in a particular geographic area; (2) developing evidence-based and data- driven intervention and prevention initia-tives, including juvenile justice projects and activities which may include street-level outreach, conflict mediation, provision of treatment and social services, and the changing of community norms, in order to reduce violence; and (3) collecting data on outcomes achieved through the Program, including the effect on the violent crime rate, incarceration rate, and recidivism rate of the jurisdiction. (b) A
DDITIONAL PURPOSE AREAS .—In addi- tion to the purpose described in subsection (a), the Attorney General may use funds au-thorized under this Act for any of the fol-lowing purposes— (1) competitive and evidence-based pro-grams to reduce gun crime and gang vio-lence; (2) the Edward Byrne criminal justice inno-vation program; (3) community-based violence prevention initiatives; or (4) gang and youth violence education, pre-vention and intervention, and related activi-ties. 
SEC. 5. RULES AND REGULATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall issue guidance to create, carry out, and administer the Program in accordance with this section. (b) F
UNDS TO BEDIRECTED TO LOCAL CON-
TROL .—Amounts made available as grants under the Program shall be, to the greatest extent practicable, locally controlled to ad-dress problems that are identified locally. (c) T
ASK FORCES .—Thirty percent of the amounts made available as grants under the Program each fiscal year shall be granted to Gang Task Forces in regions experiencing a significant or increased presence of criminal or transnational organizations engaging in high levels of violent crime, firearms of-fenses, human trafficking, and drug traf-ficking. (d) PRIORITY .—Amounts made available as grants under the Program shall be used to prioritize the investigation and prosecution of individuals who have an aggravating or leadership role in a criminal or transnational organization described in sub-section (c). 
SEC. 6. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General to carry out the Pro-gram $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 3249), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VA SENIOR EXECUTIVE ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 2772 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2772) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements re-lating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Tillis substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2244) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Senior Executive Ac-countability Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SEA Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON REASSIGN-MENT OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS SENIOR EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 727. Reassignment of senior executives ‘‘(a) A
PPROVAL OF REASSIGNMENTS .—No in- dividual employed in a senior executive posi-tion at the Department may be reassigned to another such position at the Department un-less such reassignment is approved in writ-ing and signed by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) SEMIANNUAL REPORTS REQUIRED .—(1) Not later than June 30 and December 31 of each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the reassignment of in-dividuals employed in senior executive posi-tions at the Department to other such posi-tions at the Department during the period covered by the report. ‘‘(2) Each report submitted under para-graph (1) shall describe the purpose of each reassignment and the costs associated with such reassignment. ‘‘(3) For purposes of paragraph (2), costs as-sociated with a reassignment may only in-clude the following: ‘‘(A) A salary increase. ‘‘(B) Temporary travel expenses for the in-dividual or the family of the individual. ‘‘(C) Moving expenses. ‘‘(D) A paid incentive. ‘‘(c) S
ENIOR EXECUTIVE POSITION DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘senior executive position’ has the meaning given such term in section 713(d) of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 725 the following new item: ‘‘727. Reassignment of senior executives.’’. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 2772), as amended, was passed. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO FURNISH ASSISTANCE FOR ADAPTATIONS OF RESIDENCES OF VETERANS IN REHABILITATION PROGRAMS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 3562 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3562) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for ad-aptations of residences of veterans in reha-bilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3562) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SMITHSONIAN NATIONAL ZOOLOG-ICAL PARK CENTRAL PARKING FACILITY AUTHORIZATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.045 S16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2733 May 16, 2018 
discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4009 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4009) to authorize the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution to plan, design, and construct a central parking facility on National Zoological Park prop-erty in the District of Columbia. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4009) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 112, which was re-ceived from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 112) authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 112) was agreed to. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 512, S. Res. 513, and S. Res. 514. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, MAY 17, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, May 17; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, Senator PAUL be recognized under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:47 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, May 17, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate May 16, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
MITCHELL ZAIS, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE DEPUTY SECRETARY OF EDUCATION. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS VICE COMMANDANT, UNITED STATES COAST GUARD, AND TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 47: 
To be admiral 
VICE ADM. CHARLES W. RAY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.060 S16MYPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE657 May 16, 2018 
RECOGNIZING PATRICIA SPOONHEIM 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a Montana musician known and loved by hundreds of thousands of fans in Montana and across the world. That’s no exaggeration, because she has played in one iconic Montana establishment for 55 years. Patricia Spoonheim, better known as Piano Pat, began playing keyboards at the Sip ’n Dip Lounge in Great Falls in 1963. Travel publica-tions acclaim the Sip ’n Dip as a ‘‘must see’’ in Montana, and Piano Pat is one of the rea-sons. Pat was born and raised along Montana’s Hi-Line in the 1930s. Even during harsh win-ters, Pat’s mother would drive her over 80 miles roundtrip for piano lessons. She began playing professionally at the age of 14. Pat worked multiple jobs and played several nights a week to support her family. Now into her 80s, Piano Pat still enjoys what she does. She teaches her grandchildren piano and con-tinues to work nights at the Sip ’n Dip. The one song she says she particularly loves per-forming is ‘‘Try a Little Tenderness.’’ Television networks and national publica-tions have profiled Piano Pat. A cable tele-vision channel recently featured her to rep-resent Montana in a series titled ‘‘Her Amer-ica: 50 Women, 50 States.’’ Her music and spirit have entertained count-less Montanans and visitors from across the globe. It is my honor to recognize Patricia Spoonheim for entertaining patrons of the Sip ’n Dip and for representing our Montana way of life. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ECOLAB, INC. ON WINNING THE WORLD ENVI-RONMENT CENTER’S 34TH AN-NUAL GOLD MEDAL AWARD 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ecolab, Inc. on winning the World Environment Center’s (WEC) 34th Annual Gold Medal Award. The WEC Gold Medal is one of the most prestigious forms of recogni-tion for commitment to the practice of sustain-able development. This week, Doug Baker, the chairman and CEO of Ecolab, Inc., will receive on behalf of the company the WEC’s Gold Medal for Inter-national Corporate Achievement in Sustain-able Development. Ecolab, Inc. was selected because of its commitment to global water conservation, and its development of tools that demonstrate the value of water and reveal water-related risks so customers can make better informed decisions. Together, these in-novations are helping customers improve water and energy use while preserving natural resources. Notably, the company helped cus-tomers conserve 171 billion gallons of water in 2017, and aims for 300 billion gallons of water conserved annually by 2030. Ecolab, Inc. is an international leader in ad-vancing global water stewardship through part-nerships aimed at conserving natural re-sources. Ecolab, Inc. partners with non-gov-ernmental organizations, such as the World Wildlife Fund and The Nature Conservancy to help advance water conservation and steward-ship initiatives throughout the world. Ecolab, Inc. has also demonstrated international lead-ership as a founding partner of the Alliance for Water Stewardship’s Water Stewardship Standard, a globally consistent and locally adaptable framework to inform decisions and to promote sustainable freshwater use. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in celebrating this special occa-sion and congratulating Ecolab, Inc. on win-ning the WEC’s Gold Medal for International Corporate Achievement in Sustainable Devel-opment. f 
RECOGNIZING RABBI STEPHEN HART 
HON. BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of my friend and a pillar in our community, Rabbi Stephen Hart. Rabbi Hart is retiring from his position as senior Rabbi after 25 years of dedicated and distinguished serv-ice to Temple Chai in Long Grove, Illinois. Stephen Hart was born and raised in Chi-cago where he attended Sinai Congregation in Hyde Park. He spent his young summers as at Olin Sang Ruby Union Institute camp, build-ing on the Jewish identity establish by his fam-ily. After completing his undergraduate degree at Spertus College, he pursued his Rabbinic ordination from Hebrew Union College. He ini-tially served as a rabbi at North Shore Con-gregation Israel in Glencoe for six years be-fore joining Temple Chai. Over the course of his quarter century with Temple Chai, Rabbi Hart has nurtured an in-clusive community that celebrates the full cycle of Jewish life and inspires lifelong learn-ing, community service and a love of Israel. He has served his congregation, and indeed our broader local community with distinction, leading by example through his keen under-standing of Jewish values and dedication to active outreach and youth engagement. Rabbi Hart has long been dedicated to com-munity outreach. Early in his career, while at North Shore Congregation Israel, he helped develop the nationally-recognized ‘‘Stepping Stones to a Jewish Me’’ program, intended to help children of interfaith marriages under-stand the faith of their Jewish parent. Rabbi Hart has also been a leader in the national Jewish community, serving on the National Commission on Reform Jewish Outreach of the Central Conference of American Rabbis and the Union for Reform Judaism. Rabbi Hart also serves on the Executive Committee of the Chicago Association of Reform Rabbis. A resident of Buffalo Grove, Rabbi Hart is married to his wife, Mendy and together are the proud parents of two daughters, Lani and Dena. I want to thank Rabbi Hart for 25 years of committed service, dedicated leadership, vi-sion and passion. On behalf of Illinois’ Tenth Congressional District, I wish Rabbi Hart the very best in his well-deserved retirement with family and friends. f 
LAKE COUNTY PARKS AND RECREATION 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I take this time to congratu-late Lake County Parks and Recreation, as the organization celebrates its 50th anniver-sary. For half a century, the parks department has enhanced the lives of the residents and visitors of Northwest Indiana. In recognition of this milestone, the organization will be cele-brating with numerous programs and events throughout 2018. On June 1, 1968, Lake County Parks and Recreation was created by the Lake County Council. Back then, the department was work-ing with nothing more than a dirt road running through two-hundred acres of land. However, the group’s leaders, members, and volunteers had a vision for Lake County Parks and Recreation to provide a place for residents and guests to enjoy nature, host family gath-erings, ride their bikes, accommodate chil-dren’s activities, and conserve land. Throughout the years, Lake County Parks and Recreation has surpassed its goals and exceeded its expectations, and it continues to progress. Today, Lake County maintains elev-en parks and has preserved thousands of acres of open space, natural areas, historic sites, and trails. Due to the hard work and dedication of its numerous employees, volun-teers, and elected officials, the department has exceeded all expectations. With over one million people visiting the park sites yearly, the organization truly adds to the quality of life in Northwest Indiana. Lake County Parks and Recreation is recog-nized by the State of Indiana as being a pro-gressive department. The organization pro-vides numerous innovative educational and cultural programs for children and adults. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY8.001 E16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE658 May 16, 2018 
addition, through its efforts to restore and manage forested properties, wetlands, and prairies, the department holds storm waters, improves water and air quality, protects en-dangered species, and helps to maintain nat-ural habitats. Lake County Parks and Recre-ation has won numerous awards and acco-lades for its great works, and it is certainly worthy of each and every honor. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in congratu-lating Lake County Parks and Recreation on its 50th anniversary. For the past fifty years, the leadership, employees, and volunteers of the department have enhanced the lives of countless individuals through their unwavering commitment to the community of Northwest In-diana, and they are worthy of the highest praise. 
f 
HONORING THE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH OF SOQUEL 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the 150th Anniversary of the Congregational Church of Soquel. Es-tablished in May of 1868, the Congregational Church of Soquel has built a legacy of pro-viding a safe and supportive environment for many of my constituents in the 20th Congres-sional District of California. The church has a history of service and sanctuary, while actively engaging in acts of compassion, justice, and a sense of responsibility. The Congregational Church of Soquel—also known as the Little White Church in the Vale—has served as a pillar of the Soquel community since it was first organized by Joshua and Narcissa Parrish in 1868. The Church, both as a brick-and-mortar institution and as a family, persevered through many ad-versities while maintaining a sense of service to the community. The Church has repeatedly served as a shelter and temporary fire station during natural disasters. Even through the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake which dev-astated much of our community, the Church remained indomitable. The Church not only provides opportunities for satisfying spiritual needs, but also works to provide tangible solutions to community needs, including hunger and homelessness. Currently, the Church fulfills its mission of ad-dressing food insecurity and homelessness through its partnership with many crucial orga-nizations in my district such as Meals on Wheels, the Second Harvest Food Bank, and the Homeless Services Center. In addition, the church also partners with The Great Chili Cook-Off, which supports the Mid-County Homeless Coalition—Shower Trailer Program. Through these partnerships, local organiza-tions can ensure that many of those in need are provided with emergency food and hous-ing. The Church not only looks for opportunities to help within our community, but also beyond our country’s borders. The Church continues to address food insecurity internationally through its work with the Panamerican Insti-tute in Tijuana, Mexico. There, the Church provides food baskets for families of the Insti-tute and motivates both youth and adults to make improvements in schools and homes in the area. In addition to the church’s service in Mexico, they also participate in Solehope, which provides shoes to children in Uganda. In Kenya, the church supports Happy Life Children’s Home, which helps to find homes for abandoned children. These missions and services that the church participates in locally and globally show their dedication to uplifting communities. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the dedication and commitment to compassion and justice that the Congregational Church of Soquel provides to the 20th Congressional District. We are fortunate to have an institution like the Congregational Church of Soquel call the central coast of California home. I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the 150th Anniversary of the Congregational Church of Soquel. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE ASSIST-ANCE LEAGUE OF GLENDALE’S 75TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Assistance League of Glendale upon its seventy-fifth anniversary. The Assistance League of Glendale began with a small group of women dedicated to per-forming selfless acts for the local community and has since developed into a multifaceted philanthropic organization targeted at providing aid to women, men and children in need of guidance, assistance and care. The members work to ensure that the needs of children and seniors in Glendale are met with care and re-spect, and dedicate thousands of hours to im-prove the city. Committed to promoting education and en-riching the lives of students, the Assistance League of Glendale provides clothing to ele-mentary school children in need, reading sup-port and books, as well as thousands of dol-lars in scholarships for students graduating from high schools and college in Glendale. In addition to its exceptional work for young students, the Assistance League of Glendale provides social programs and meals for sen-iors, weekly training for developmentally chal-lenged adults to learn vocational skills, and quality pre-owned merchandise as well as clothing at affordable prices. This volunteer-driven organization continues its mission to assist and uplift as it strives to address the increasing needs of the commu-nity with innovative, dynamic and creative phil-anthropic programs that promote emotional and physical well-being, and over the years has evolved to meet the shifting needs of the community. The Assistance League of Glendale serves as a brilliant example of the power of vol-unteerism and what people can do when in-spired to connect with others in the spirit of humanitarianism. The time, effort, and care that the organization has given to the commu-nity is outstanding, and the residents of Glen-dale and the greater Los Angeles area have benefited greatly from their work. I ask all Members to join with me in com-mending the Assistance League of Glendale for seventy-five years of dedicated, out-standing and invaluable service to the commu-nity. f 
MICHAEL MARTINEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Michael Mar-tinez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Michael Martinez is a student at Standley Lake High School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Michael Martinez is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mi-chael Martinez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
CONGRATULATING GUNNERY SER-GEANT JEREMY L. LONG ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, it is an honor for me to rise today in recognition of the forthcoming retirement of Gunnery Sergeant Jeremy L. Long on June 30, 2018. GySgt Jeremy Long has served the United States Marine Corps with honor and distinction for twenty years. A career of such longevity in support of our national security is, in itself, an accomplishment worthy of recognition. GySgt Long has accomplished extraordinary achieve-ments during his exceptional career that de-mands more than just recognition of a grateful nation. He has earned the respect of count-less fellow Marines that have benefited from his leadership and technical expertise in six different military occupational specialties and the adulation of millions, who he has never met, but who benefited from his service none-theless. Jeremy Long’s Human Intelligence occupa-tional specialty put him directly into harm’s way on multiple deployments into the most dangerous battlefields of his generation. GySgt Long deployed to Iraq three times. First to Mahmudiyyah in 2003, then Husaybah in 2004 and again in 2005 with the 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit (Special Operations Capa-ble). Later, he deployed to Afghanistan three more times. First, with the 1st Marine Special Operations Battalion (MSOB) in 2007 to Helmand Province, again in 2009 with the 1st MSOB in 2009 and finally with the Special Op-erations Task Force-81 in 2012. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY8.004 E16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE659 May 16, 2018 
GySgt Long has served his country in some of the most dangerous places in the world. He has also dedicated significant effort developing the necessary skills that enabled him to be an enormous asset and enabler for the units he served. For example, he spent 52 weeks learning the Pashtu language, an extremely difficult language to learn. He attended other schools such as the very intense and difficult Survival Evasion Resistance and Escape course (SERE), Technical Surveillance Sciences Course, the Close Quarters Battle courses and Electronic Surveillance courses. Finally, as a Command Counterintelligence Staff Officer assigned to the Marine Corps Embassy Security Group, he has conducted multiple counterintelligence site visits to Ma-rine Corps Security Guard Detachments in places like Moscow, Russia; Hong Kong, Hong Kong; Freetown, Sierra Leone; and Bridgetown, Barbados. Over the course of 20 years of dedicated service, GySgt Long has repeatedly dem-onstrated honor and dedication indicative of a great Marine and American hero. His valiant efforts both across oceans in enemy territory as well as here at home have helped to pro-tect and shape our nation. On behalf of the United States Congress, and the American people we represent, I extend my deep appre-ciation to Gunnery Sergeant Jeremy L. Long for his service to our country. My best wishes on a happy retirement and continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MOUNT OLIVE BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 200th Anniversary of Mount Olive Baptist Church. This church is the oldest in the Stafford, Virginia area and has uplifted the community through countless hardships and celebrated through countless joys. The Mount Olive Baptist Church was estab-lished on May 16, 1818, as a rudimentary wood structure under the guidance of Rev-erend Horace Crutcher. The church began to grow immediately, and established a school in the aftermath of the Civil War. The church has since launched outreach programs in Zambia, Ghana, and New Zea-land, providing food, water, shelter, and med-ical care to the needy. They also provide bible studies, musical ministries, and youth pro-grams for the Stafford community. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues to join me as we recognize the immeasurable good that the Mount Olive Baptist church has done for those in the Stafford community over the last 200 years. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes 181, 182, and 183 on Tuesday, May 15, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. f 
BUFFALO BILL DAYS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Buffalo Bill Days for receiv-ing the Golden Rotary Ethics in Business Award. The Ethics in Business Award was estab-lished by the Golden Rotary to honor for-profit and non-profit businesses. The recipients of this award must maintain integrity, conviction and possess high ethical standards dem-onstrated by the treatment of customers, em-ployees, community and the environment. Buffalo Bill Days is a 100 percent volunteer run non-profit organization. They are respon-sible for putting on the largest community fes-tival in Golden, Colorado. The event dates back to the 1940s and is an event the resi-dents of Golden look forward to every year. Buffalo Bill Days is well known for their re-sponsible management of finances and are a model for how organizations can work and co-operate with one another. I extend my deepest congratulations to the Buffalo Bill Days for receiving this well-de-served honor by the Golden Rotary. I thank them for their continued commitment to our community. 
f 
WELCOMING GUEST CHAPLAIN DR. TED KITCHENS TO THE U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to welcome Dr. Ted Kitchens as our guest chap-lain this morning and greatly appreciate him leading us in prayer. Dr. Kitchens is from the 12th District of Texas, which I proudly represent. He’s served as the Senior Pastor of Christ Chapel Bible Church in Fort Worth for the past 36 years. Under his leadership, Dr. Kitchens grew his congregation from 116 people to more than 6,000 members per week. Christ Chapel Bible Church has also grown to become a vital partner with the entire Fort Worth community. Dr. Kitchens has been married to his wife Lynn for 41 years, and they have two wonder-ful children, Kassie and Tyler. I want to thank Pastor Kitchens for all he does to serve our community and for providing us with spiritual guidance on this day. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I missed three votes on May 15, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 181; YEA on Roll Call No. 182; and YEA on Roll Call No. 183. f 
CONGRATULATING THE NORTH COUNTRY MISSION OF HOPE ON ITS 20TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the North Country Mis-sion of Hope on its 20th anniversary. In 1998, Sister Debbie Blow and a team of dedicated students from Seton Catholic School started a fundraising project to benefit victims of Hurricane Mitch in Nicaragua. What started as a small project grew to yearly mis-sion trips to Nicaragua, ultimately becoming the North Country Mission of Hope. Since then, the North Country Mission of Hope has partnered with countless non-governmental or-ganizations to create a network of support all the way from the North Country to Central America. While originally established to help hurri-cane victims, the North Country Mission of Hope has grown to support sustainable pro-grams in education, healthcare, community and ecological development. Its service reaches some of the poorest areas of Nica-ragua. Currently, the North Country Mission of Hope coordinates over 850 education spon-sorships, nutritional feeding programs at 24 schools, and ships needed supplies at least twice a year. Through its tireless commitment to serving others, the Mission of Hope continu-ously achieves its goal of fostering hope and empowering relationships with the people of Nicaragua. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to honor the North Country Mission of Hope for its 20 years of service and thank its mem-bers for being exceptional ambassadors of the North Country. I look forward to watching the amazing things that the North Country Mission of Hope accomplishes for many years to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend votes on May 15, 2018 due to Pennsyl-vania primary elections. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: YEA for rollcall vote 181; YEA for rollcall vote 182; and YEA for rollcall vote 183. 
f 
LUKAS KNIGHT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Lukas Knight 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.001 E16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE660 May 16, 2018 
for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Lukas Knight is a student at Warren Tech North and received this award because his de-termination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Lukas Knight is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Lukas Knight for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
III CORPS’ 100 YEARS OF EXCELLENCE 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on be-half of a grateful nation, I wish III Corps a happy birthday for its first century of brave service. Since its birth in 1918, ‘America’s Hammer’ has never faltered in defending free-dom and upholding the U.S. Army’s reputation as the world’s elite fighting force. From day one, this historic corps has been comprised of brave men and women who have selflessly devoted themselves to a great-er good. When forces of tyranny threaten the world, when the oppressed are in danger of losing hope, when duty calls, the Phantom Warriors of III Corps stand ready. Over the decades, their mission has remained the same: be prepared to rapidly deploy and con-duct the full spectrum of military operations to defeat any adversary. I am proud to stand alongside III Corps as they continue to defend freedom, accomplish any mission, and leave a legacy for future generations to follow. III Corps’ 100 years of excellence represents America at its very best. 
f 
HONORING AND REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF CHIEF TOM EMER-SON 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor today to acknowledge the life of a devoted community leader and loving father and hus-band, Chief Tom Emerson, who died suddenly at the age of 58 after more than 30 years of service to law enforcement and public safety in Northern Michigan. A native to the Grand Traverse area, Chief Emerson dedicated his life to public service. For the past seven years, Tom served as the Elk Rapids Police Chief, first joining the de-partment in March 2011. Prior to that, he served with the Grand Traverse County Sher-iff’s Office, where he retired as a Captain in 2010 after 26 years of service. Chief Emerson was also a firefighter with Grand Traverse Rural Fire and the Elk Rapids Fire Depart-ment, where his contributions to the creation of their training facility were instrumental. He was named Firefighter of the Year in January of 2018. Tom was well-respected as a community leader, selfless public servant, mentor, and friend. Following visitation, Chief Emerson will be laid to rest on Sunday, May 20, in Traverse City. Mr. Speaker, Chief Emerson’s impact on Northern Michigan cannot be overstated. His family and community can take pride in know-ing that the state of Michigan is a better place thanks to his life’s work. On behalf of Michi-gan’s First Congressional District, I ask you to join me in recognizing an outstanding commu-nity leader whose contributions will continue to bless Michiganders for many years to come. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE OUT-STANDING SERVICE OF COACH ROBERT A. GREEN 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to rise today and recognize the achieve-ments of Coach Robert A. Green, also known as ‘‘Pompey.’’ Coach Green, a world-class runner, Army veteran, and Athletic Director at Dillard High School in Fort Lauderdale, Flor-ida, touched countless lives over the course of his distinguished career and represented the best of men, known by all for his generosity, kindness, and caring of his athletes. Coach Green was born in Fort Myers, Flor-ida and attended Dunbar High School. He was considered the fastest football player in his graduating class of 1949. He attended Allen College in Columbia, South Carolina, on a full football scholarship, where he obtained four Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference Championships in the 100-yard dash and be-came the first runner from Allen to run in the world famous Penn Relays in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. After school, Coach Green joined the United States Army, receiving nu-merous awards, medals and commendations for achievements. While serving in the military, he tied the world record for the 100-yard dash at 9.3 seconds. Coach Green began working at Dillard High School in Fort Lauderdale in 1957. He served as the Track Coach, Department Chair and Athletic Director over a 35-year career. He was the first African American Coach to attend the Broward County Coaches Clinic for Track Coaches, allowing Dillard High School to par-ticipate in the County’s Integrated Track Meet in 1967. He is also the founder of the Panther 100 Club. This innovative and vast booster club has donated over $100,000 to the academic and athletic clubs of Dillard High School. These funds have afforded numerous unique opportunities for the children of Dillard High School, including trips to Alaska, New Orle-ans, and Washington, D.C. Coach Green is a member of the National Negro, Allen Univer-sity, Florida High School and Dillard High School Halls of Fame. The tracks of Dillard High School and Dunbar High School are named in his honor and his football jersey, No. 4, is retired from use at Dunbar High School. Mr. Speaker, Coach Robert A. Green is more than deserving of recognition in the an-nals of American History for his service to our country, and his dedication to the education, mentoring, and the personal development of the youth of Dillard High School. I thank him once again for his years of service. f 
NICHOLAS KULHANEK 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Nicholas Kulhanek for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Nicholas Kulhanek is a student at Arvada West High School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Nicholas Kulhanek is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Nicholas Kulhanek for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 181; YEA on Roll Call No. 182; and YEA on Roll Call No. 183. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GLENN THOMPSON 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I was detained in my Congressional District due to the Primary Election. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 181; YEA on Roll Call No. 182; and YEA on Roll Call No. 183. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARKWAYNE MULLIN 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY8.009 E16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE661 May 16, 2018 
have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 181; YEA on Roll Call No. 182; and YEA on Roll Call No. 183. 
f 
EXHAUCE KUMESO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Exhauce Kumeso for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Exhauce Kumeso is a student at Arvada K– 8 and received this award because his deter-mination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Exhauce Kumeso is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Exhauce Kumeso for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
SHARING STUDENTS’ ‘MARCH FOR OUR LIVES’ REMARKS 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on May 9, I came to the Floor and spoke about the March For Our Lives on March 24 and the nine extraor-dinarily poised students in Morristown, New Jersey, who spoke at the rally there, which I attended. I include in the R
ECORD remarks by Isabella Bosrock. I hope my colleagues will read them and internalize the sense of fear in which our nation’s students are living every day—and our responsibility as Members of Congress to do something to address this cri-sis of gun violence. 
MARCH FOR OUR LIVES REMARKS  (By Isabella Bosrock) My name is Isabella Bosrock, and I am a senior at West Morris Mendham High School. Today you will be hearing from seven incred-ible high school students from across the dis-trict who are here today to say ‘enough is enough’ and ‘never again’ to senseless gun violence. Before we begin, I would like to take a moment and thank Mr. Steny Hoyer, a U.S. Representative for Maryland’s Fifth Congressional District and the Minority Whip of the House for being here today. On March 20, a mere four days ago, a sev-enteen year old boy named Austin Wyatt Rollins walked into Great Mills High School with his dad’s hand gun and shot two stu-dents, one of which was an ex-girlfriend. Re-ports say he did this because of a recent break up with the girl he shot. The student resource officer on duty, Blaine Gaskill man-aged with great bravely to shoot and kill the gunman, avoiding the loss of many more lives. While this event is incredibly upsetting it is not unlike many things that have hap-pened in the country is the years since Col-umbine. It is horrible that as adolescents we have become used to the idea that gun vio-lence is a method of dealing with our prob-lems. This pattern of gun violence has been perpetuated by adult lawmakers who refuse to do anything about the bloodshed in their schools. I bring this up today because Mr. Hoyer is the representative of the district where Great Mills High School is located, yet he is still here at our march today. Let’s all thank him for being here today. I also bring this up because I think that it is so important that we make sure we acknowledge every in-stance of senseless gun violence that occurs within this country. While Parkland was able to get mass media attention, hashtags on social media and ‘thoughts and prayers’ from everyone around the world, there are so many acts of violence that occur in the U.S. every single day that go completely unno-ticed. Often times we give them attention for a couple of days, maybe a week, then we for-get, and other times we fail to acknowledge them at all. In fact there have been eighteen instances of a gun firing at schools in the U.S. since the beginning of 2018, which aver-ages out to about three per week. This cannot be our reality. However many people do not know this because they never gain the same attention as events like Park-land. These other shootings often resulted in no bloodshed or a few injured. But this doesn’t mean that they are any less cata-strophic because every single life of those students will be forever changed. Each and every day they walk into the school that al-most cost them their lives, and they are forced to face their worst fears. The lives of the students in the eighteen schools will never ever be the same. It is so easy for us to watch these catastrophic events unravel on the news for a week, donate money to the cause, post a hashtag on social media, then move on with our lives. But it is so impor-tant in our crazy, ever changing lives to never forget. We have to make sure that we not only re-member to hold the lives of those lost in our hearts, but to make sure that we are holding the people who are accountable, responsible for the lives of innocent people murdered. It is up to us to change the future, but these changes will only come by reflecting on the past and acknowledging what hap-pened. Forgetting will not do anything but make us complacent and allow more of these massacres to happen. That being said, I encourage every single one of you today to go out and read about the other school shootings that you may have missed and hold those victims in your memory so that we can use those losses to fuel the fire of change. f 
HONORING THE INDIAN LAKE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Indian Lake Chamber of Commerce. Since its founding in 1988, the Indian Lake Chamber of Commerce has played a crucial role in promoting economic growth and help-ing small businesses flourish throughout Ham-ilton County. The Chamber understands the needs of local businesses and residents in its community, as shown through its work advo-cating for rural broadband and encouraging tourism in the Adirondacks. By establishing partnerships, shaping public policy, and pro-viding programs and services for businesses in the community, the Chamber enhances the quality of life for all who live in the region. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to commend the Indian Lake Chamber of Commerce on its unwavering commitment to the community. I look forward to watching the Chamber continue to succeed for many years to come. f 
TRIBUTE TO FRANK LEFFINGWELL 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I sa-lute the extraordinary career of Frank Leffingwell as he retires from a lifetime of civic involvement. Along with his many contributions to Central Texas, Frank’s outstanding work as a councilman for the City of Round Rock, Texas has helped make my hometown a great place to live and work. Frank’s commitment to investing his gifts, talents, and abilities to improve his community is a deeply held creed that speaks to the gen-erosity and activism of a true and devoted public servant. His resume tells the story of a man unafraid to contribute both his time and energies to a multitude of organizations that rely on volunteerism and social engagement to make good communities great. His tenure on the Round Rock City Council is marked by his tremendous efforts to support his growing town’s long-term vitality through economic development. Frank’s worked tire-lessly to ensure residents have a rich quality of life that includes access to water, energy, and cutting-edge health care while supporting the arts, our first responders, and the most vulnerable. His legacy speaks to the highest values we Texans hold dear. Frank Leffingwell’s retirement is the richly- deserved beginning of an exciting journey. I join his colleagues, family, and friends in hon-oring his career, commending his commitment to public service, and wishing my friend noth-ing but the best in the years ahead. 
f 
MIGUEL LOPEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Miguel Lopez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Miguel Lopez is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Miguel Lopez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.013 E16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE662 May 16, 2018 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Miguel Lopez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, due to horrible weather, I was unavoidably detained from votes. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 181; YEA on Roll Call No. 182; and YEA on Roll Call No. 183. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. However, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 181; YEA on Roll Call No. 182; and YEA on Roll Call No. 183. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, May 15, I was unavoidably detained due to weather conditions and was not present for Roll Call votes 181, 182, and 183. Had I been present, I would have voted: Yea on Roll Call 181, on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass H.R. 613, the Lieu-tenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self-Protection Act; Yea on Roll Call 182, on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass H.R. 4854, the Jus-tice Served Act; and Yea on Roll Call 183, on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass H. Res. 285, ex-pressing the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Congress and the President should empower the creation of po-lice and community alliances designed to en-hance and improve communication and col-laboration between members of the law en-forcement community and the public they serve. 
f 
KYLE M CCLELLAND 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Kyle McClelland for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Kyle McClelland is a student at Sobesky Academy and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Kyle McClelland is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Kyle McClelland for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. GOPAL GUTTIKONDA 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I cele-brate and recognize the work of an excep-tional citizen, Dr. Gopal Guttikonda, who dedi-cated himself to helping the residents of Cen-tral Texas by founding the Temple Community Clinic. His commitment to public service rep-resents Texas values at their very best and he is a fitting recipient of Leadership Temple’s prestigious Distinguished Alumni Award. During his career, Dr. Guttikonda saw many hard-working Texans who did not have access to proper healthcare due to their ineligibility or lack of financial means. Seeking to ensure the healthcare was available for those in need, he made the selfless decision to create the Tem-ple Community Clinic to improve the quality of life for all citizens in Central Texas. What started as a 1,300-square foot space in the Jeff Hamilton Community Building grew substantially to what is now a world-class health resource for the underserved population in Central Texas. Elite physicians have volun-teered their services to those who had no in-surance or the financial means to afford treat-ment for themselves and their families. Dr. Guttikonda’s dream of accessible healthcare has been impacting lives now for twenty-six amazing years. Dr. Guttikonda’s devotion to his community doesn’t stop when his shift at the hospital ends. This married father of two, whose great work has been honored by his colleagues on numerous occasions, keeps busy with a vari-ety of civic organizations that work to bring positive change to a variety of areas. His com-mitment to investing his gifts, talents, and abilities to improve his community is a deeply held creed that speaks to the generosity and activism of a true and devoted public servant. Dr. Gopal Guttikonda’s vision, dedication, and commitment to the health of all has made a real and lasting difference in lives of Central Texans. I’m both proud and humbled by his achievements and wish him continued suc-cess in the future. I join his family, colleagues, and friends in saluting his tremendous work as he is richly honored with Leadership Temple’s Distinguished Alumni Award. HONORING ARNOLD A. PISKIN HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Arnold A. Piskin who served in the Army Air Corps during World War II. Mr. Piskin was stationed at Horsham St. Faith, England where he flew 36 missions over France and Germany as a pilot on the B– 24J Liberator named ‘Howling Banshee.’ At the age of 20 he was the youngest member of his crew and flew combat missions in the Eu-ropean Theater of Operations (ETO) as part of the 8th Air Force, 2nd Air Division, 96th Bomb Wing, 458th Bomb Group, and. 753rd Squad-ron. In addition, they flew one of the 10 origi-nal AZON aircraft straight from the United States. Mr. Askin and his crew flew their final 4 missions were in support of the Battle of the Bulge on December 24–28, 1944. During his 8 months in the European theater he received the Air Medal with 3 Oak Leaf Clusters and the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC). In addition, he received the European- African-Middle Eastern Theater Ribbon with 5 Bronze Stars for Air Offensive Europe, Nor-mandy, Northern France, Germany, Ardennes. After the war, Mr. Piskin took advantage of the GI bill and earned a BS in Physical Edu-cation from New York University (NYU) and later a MS in Social Work from Columbia Uni-versity. He spent his professional life in Jewish communal work. This included servicing com-munity centers, community organizations, chil-dren’s camps and fundraising. While at NYU, he met his wife Hannah Korenthal who he has been married to for 68 years. They were blessed with 4 children—Brenda, Jay, Craig, Scott—and 7 grandchildren—Rachel, Adam, Jason, Tori, Todd, Cory, and Julie. Mr. Speaker, I stand before the House today to pay tribute to Mr. Piskin and thank him for his tremendous service to our country. The freedom we all enjoy today was made possible by men like him. 
f 
HONORING DIANE STROMAN ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIRE-MENT 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to rise today to join TEAM, Inc. and the communities of Connecticut’s Naugatuck Valley in extending my heartfelt congratula-tions and sincere thanks to Diane Stroman as she celebrates her retirement after twenty-five years of dedicated service. To say that she will be missed by this organization as well as the many local service organizations who have benefitted from her time and energies, is an understatement. Diane’s compassion, advo-cacy, and strength of spirit have changed countless lives and we are fortunate to have had her working on behalf of our communities and their most vulnerable residents. Diane has dedicated a quarter-century to helping those most in need. In her leadership role at TEAM, Inc, an organization dedicated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY8.012 E16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE663 May 16, 2018 
to strengthening our community by educating, supporting and empowering individuals and families, she has helped to shape the many programs and services offered to their clients. From Head Start, early education, and heating and energy assistance to child care, housing, financial, employment, and holiday assistance as well as elder services, Diane has helped in-dividuals and families navigate what can be a difficult and complex social service delivery system. Diane’s dedication to community involve-ment extends far beyond her professional life at TEAM. A board member of the Lower Naugatuck Valley Boys & Girls Club, Anso-nia’s Elderly Services Commission and the Valley Juvenile Review Board, she also dedi-cates her personal time to enriching the lives of others. Diane is an original board member of the Valley United Way, Griffin Hospital and BH Care. She was formerly on the Ansonia Board of Education, past president of the Derby-Shelton Rotary Club, and an active member of her church. Diane embodies a spir-it of community service that we should all strive to achieve. I would be remiss if I did not extend a spe-cial note of personal thanks to Diane for the assistance and guidance that she has pro-vided to myself and my staff over the years. From providing local data on programs and services to helping to organize events, Diane has always been only a phone call away. I consider myself fortunate to call her a friend and cannot thank her enough for the support and camaraderie she has shown to me. I am honored to stand today to pay tribute to Diane Stroman for her invaluable profes-sional and personal contributions to our com-munity. Her good work and advocacy has helped hundreds of our most vulnerable fami-lies achieve economic and social stability. While her retirement marks the end of an ex-traordinary career, I have no doubt that Diane will continue to find ways in which to engage and make a difference in the lives of others. I wish her, her children, and grandchildren the very best for many more years of health and happiness as she begins this new chapter. 
f 
GRIFFIN McCONNELL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Griffin McCon-nell for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Griffin McConnell is a student at North Ar-vada Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Griffin McConnell is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Grif-fin McConnell for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accomplishments. CELEBRATING MRS. KAREN SHELDON HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Mrs. Karen Sheldon for her sixteen years of service on the Georgetown, TX Chamber of Commerce. Karen’s untiring commitment to making Georgetown a great place to live and work represents Texas val-ues at their best. After joining the Georgetown Chamber of Commerce in 2002 as Administrative Assist-ant, it was clear that Karen’s hard work and dedication to the Chamber were unmatched. During her tenure, she served in many roles including Director of Development, Vice Presi-dent, and Executive Vice President before being named Chamber President in 2014. Her time as President was focused on guiding the success and growth of her beloved community through advocacy, education, and civic en-gagement. Karen’s work in public service wasn’t con-fined to the Georgetown Chamber of Com-merce. She has continuously strived to make Georgetown a better city by serving on mul-tiple boards and volunteering with numerous organizations. When she is not working for her community, Karen is a loving sister and proud mother of two daughters. Retirement is meant to be celebrated and enjoyed. It is not the end of a career, but the beginning of a new adventure. Mrs. Karen Sheldon has left big shoes to fill as she has gone above and beyond the expected duties of a public servant. I thank her for her dedica-tion to her community and proudly join her family, friends, and colleagues in wishing noth-ing but the best for her richly-deserved retire-ment. 
f 
HONORING AND REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MR. JOSHUA WUNSCH 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor today to acknowledge the life of a devoted community leader and loving father and hus-band, Mr. Joshua Wunsch, who passed away at the age of 69 on April 25, 2018, surrounded by his loved ones. Josh was born in Traverse City on Novem-ber 7, 1948, to Ellis and Ann (Donald) Wunsch. A third-generation Grand Traverse County farmer, Wunsch, along with his wife Barb, son Isiah, and daughter Adele raised apples, tart cherries, and sweet cherries on their family orchard. Wunsch’s passion for the trade was evident in his roles with the Michi-gan Agricultural Commodities Marketing Asso-ciation (MACMA) and the Michigan Farm Bu-reau (MFB). He was first elected to the MACMA board in 1988, becoming Vice Presi-dent in 1999. There he worked to promote and protect the Michigan apple industry until his retirement in 2011. On the MFB board, Wunsch was District 9 Director from 1988 to 2011, served as MFB Vice President from 2006 to 2009, served on the MACMA Board from 1989 to 2011, and served on its Execu-tive Committee and as Vice President from 1999 to 2011. In 2012, Wunsch received the MACMA Apple Division Distinguished Service to Agri-culture award. In addition to his work with the MACMA and MFB, Josh was a board member of Shoreline Fruit Inc., Sleeping Bear Co-op, Traverse City Cherry, and Cherrco Inc. As a leader in his community and industry, Josh was well-known for his knowledge, expertise, and willingness to mentor others, and his dedi-cation made him one of the most respected growers in Michigan agriculture. When not in his orchards, Josh loved to travel, enjoy Michi-gan’s beautiful outdoors, and spend time with his family. Mr. Speaker, Joshua Wunsch’s impact on Northern Michigan cannot be overstated. His family and community can take pride in know-ing that the state of Michigan is a better place thanks to his life’s work. On behalf of Michi-gan’s First Congressional District, I ask you to join me in recognizing an outstanding commu-nity leader whose contributions will continue to bless Michiganders for many years to come. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, due to flight cancellations and bad weather, I was unable to vote on the Legislative Day of May 15, 2018. Had I been present for these roll call votes, I would have cast the following votes: Roll Call 181: Yea; Roll Call 182: Yea; and Roll Call 183: Yea. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 10TH ANNIVER-SARY OF FERNCARE FREE CLIN-IC 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 10th Anniversary of FernCare Free Clinic. FernCare is a nonprofit free healthcare clinic located in the City of Ferndale, MI. The clinic specializes in the treatment of individuals without healthcare coverage and helps eligi-ble, uninsured people obtain coverage through the Federal Marketplace or through Healthy Michigan, a Medicaid plan created thanks to the Affordable Care Act. The clinic is open for medical services four days each month, and provides counseling services twice each month. In 2008, a group of concerned citizens in Ferndale decided to open a free health care clinic under the direction of Ann Heler, to serve the uninsured members of their commu-nity. Two years later, FernCare first opened as a popup clinic at a local community center, re-quiring volunteers to set up and tear down the operation each day. In 2009, I was honored to support FernCare’s successful efforts to obtain a grant through the U.S. Department of Health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.022 E16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE664 May 16, 2018 
and Human Services, which helped to enable them to renovate a property to permanently house the clinic. Over the last ten years, FernCare has served more than 1,200 patients. FernCare currently maintains the clinical care of over 300 patients a year with a small staff and more than 100 dedicated volunteers. Patients of FernCare receive primary care services in-cluding generic and over the counter medica-tion prescription, lab testing, wellness coach-ing, and counseling services, as well as other vital assistance. Mr. Speaker, FernCare continues to be an invaluable organization within Michigan’s 9th District, providing essential services to those most in need. I often hear from patients and volunteers about the work FernCare does, and their stories are truly inspiring. I encourage my colleagues to join me in celebrating and hon-oring the 10th Anniversary of FernCare Free Clinic, its Board, led by Ann Heler, for its dedi-cated leadership, and the staff and volunteers for the irreplaceable service they provide to people in need. 
f 
DAVE MURPHY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Dave Murphy for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Dave Murphy is a student at Drake Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Dave Mur-phy is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Dave Murphy for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF ROBIN BATTERSHELL 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the career of devoted edu-cator Robin Battershell as she retires after nearly four decades of incredible service. With her ‘‘can-do’’ spirit and high-minded vision, she has made Central Texas a model for inno-vative, child-focused education. A native of Robinson, Texas, Robin’s re-sume tells the story of a life devoted to edu-cation, starting as a third grade teacher in Houston and culminating with stints as super-intendent of both Salado and Temple Inde-pendent School Districts. The hallmark of Rob-in’s career is her unwavering devotion to prioritizing children in education. ‘‘If you didn’t think about a particular child today, then you have lost the reason you entered education in the first place,’’ Robin says, noting it is the job of educators to determine ‘‘where the child needs to go, and do everything in our power to help the child . . .’’ As a wife and mother of three, Robin’s com-mitment to her community doesn’t stop when the school bell rings at the end of the day. She teaches at both the University of Mary Hardin Baylor and Texas A&M University Cen-tral Texas as well as serves on the Board for the Temple Chamber of Commerce and the United Way of Central Texas. Her generous activism speaks to the very best values of our nation. Robin Battershell’s retirement is the richly- deserved beginning of an exciting journey. I salute her work and commitment to ensuring the children of our beloved home state receive the education they deserve. I join her col-leagues, family, and friends in honoring her career and wishing her nothing but the best in the years ahead. f 
RECOGNIZING BROWARD EDU-CATION FOUNDATION SCHOLAR-SHIP RECIPIENTS 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Broward Education Foundation and its 2018 scholarship award recipients. The Broward Education Foundation continuously works to engage the broader community to make the Broward County Public School sys-tem one of the best in the State of Florida. These men and women have served Broward County with distinction through their efforts, and they have demonstrated a commitment to improving our public schools in South Florida. The Broward Education Foundation helps to provide the students of Broward County with an exceptional education, enabling them to reach their greatest potential. The Foundation provides support for innovative teaching, edu-cational materials for Title I schools, and Fidu-ciary oversight for community members who join in our educational mission by establishing Foundation agency funds. The Foundation also provides students with scholarships that enable them to pursue high-er education. These scholarships are awarded to graduating seniors who have exhausted all other avenues for financial aid, but still fall short of the financial means necessary to at-tend state or community college, university or vocational school. This year, the Foundation will provide over 200 of these scholarships to Broward County students. Congratulations to all of the 2018 Broward Education Foundation scholarship recipients. Mr. Speaker, I express my deep apprecia-tion for the Broward Education Foundation’s work in our community. Their dedication has transformed the lives of students by providing them with the educational tools necessary to achieve. I them for their work and service. TRIBUTE TO ANDREW LIVERIS HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Andrew Liveris, the Chairman and CEO of The Dow Chemical Company, upon his retirement from the company. In his more than forty years with Dow, Mr. Liveris has been a recognized business leader and a leading advocate for manufacturing worldwide. Presidential administrations of both parties have recruited Mr. Liveris to serve as an advisor and have sought his expertise; Mr. Liveris served as co-chair of the steering com-mittee for President Barack Obama’s Ad-vanced Manufacturing Partnership and served on President Donald Trump’s Manufacturing Jobs Initiative. As Chairman and CEO, Mr. Liveris has con-tinued The Dow Chemical Company’s strong commitment to the Great Lakes Bay Region, proudly opening a new corporate headquarters in Midland. Dow’s investment has helped the city grow into a vibrant community. Leading Dow’s collaborations with numerous governments on advanced manufacturing plans and steering the company’s investment and industry leadership around the world, Mr. Liveris has exhibited exemplary management at the helm of Dow. Under his leadership, the company weathered challenging economic times and completed a historic, trans-formational merger, moving the company for-ward for years to come. On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Michigan, I am honored today to recog-nize Andrew Liveris upon his retirement from The Dow Chemical Company and extend my appreciation for his commitment to Midland and the Great Lakes Bay Region. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SAC-RIFICE OF FIREMAN 2ND CLASS LOWELL EARL VALLEY 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor today to acknowledge the life and sacrifice of Fireman 2nd Class Lowell Valley, who died in service to his country during the Pearl Harbor attacks in 1941. I ask that you join with me and the people of Michigan’s First District in honoring the heroic sacrifices of our service men and women as Lowell’s remains are re-turned to his home in Michigan after 77 years. Lowell Earl Valley was born on July 20, 1922, in Ontonagon, Michigan. Following his high school graduation, Lowell enlisted in the U.S. Navy and was assigned to the USS Okla- homa. On December 7, 1941, the Oklahoma was moored at Ford Island, Pearl Harbor, when the ship was attacked by Japanese air-craft. The USS Oklahoma sustained multiple torpedo hits, causing it to quickly capsize. The attack on the ship resulted in the deaths of 429 crewmen, including Lowell. Following the attack, 394 of the lost service members were unable to be identified and were laid to rest in the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.026 E16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE665 May 16, 2018 
known as the ‘‘Punchbowl,’’ in Honolulu, Ha-waii. In 2015, the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency exhumed remains from the Punch-bowl, with the goal of returning identified serv-ice members to their families. After two years of work, Lowell was identified in January of 2018 by using DNA from his brother Bob and other family members. He is the last of three Upper Peninsula men who were killed in the Pearl Harbor attack to be identified. Lowell’s name is recorded on the Courts of the Missing at the Punchbowl Cemetery, along with the others who are missing from World War II. A rosette will be placed next to his name to indicate he has been accounted for. Following his death Lowell was honored with a Purple Heart, the American Campaign Medal, and the World War II Victory Medal. An interment ceremony for Lowell will be held on July 14, 2018, at the Holy Family Catholic Church in Ontonagon. His remains will be es-corted by a full Honor Guard and rifle squad, as well as by Veterans from across the coun-try. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Lowell Valley for making the ultimate sacrifice in defense of his country. On behalf of Michi-gan’s First Congressional District, I ask you to join with me in honoring an American hero as he returns home. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM S. LYONS 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize 1st Lieutenant William S. Lyons, also known as ‘Tiger Lyons.’ Mr. Lyons was part of the 355th Fighter Group. Mr. Lyons became a flight leader with 63 mis-sions and completed his 300 combat hours in March 1945. The 355th Fighter Group, which Mr. Lyons served in, had pioneered ground strafing tech-niques and it was the 355th Fighter Group who destroyed more enemy aircraft by ground strafing than any other Eighth Air Force Group. Based at Steeple Morden from July 1943 to July 1945, the Group flew Thunder-bolts and Mustangs as escorts for bombers and in area patrols and fighter sweeps. For his service he was awarded the Distin-guished Flying Cross, Air Medal with 8 Oak Leaf Cluster, 5 European Theater Operation Battle Stars, European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, World War II Victory Medal, and 2 Presidential Unit Citations. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Mr. Lyons for his service to the country and to express our gratitude for all that his team did during their war to protect the freedoms we all enjoy today. 
f 
JERRY PIFER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Jerry Pifer for her hard work and dedication to the people of the 7th Congressional District. Since I met Jerry in 2003, she has become a great friend and an instrumental member of my team. For more than 10 years, she has worked in my congressional office as part of the constituent services team and handled the issues of healthcare, Medicare/Medicaid, So-cial Security, labor and postal. Her wealth of experience with labor issues and in customer service made her a tremendous asset to our team and to the constituents we serve. Her re-lationships with local officials, liaisons at fed-eral agencies, and within the community helped ensure she was always able to help answer questions, direct folks to the appro-priate resources, and at times even secure money or benefits that were owed. Prior to serving in my congressional office, Jerry worked as a Flight Attendant for United Airlines for 30 years. After retiring from United Airlines, she got involved in the Colorado Democratic Party and helped run the Colorado campaign for John Kerry’s presidential bid from 2003–2004. From there, she helped make my first congressional campaign a suc-cess and went on to help open my first con-gressional office in 2007. Jerry has a true gift for working with people, always able to make them feel comfortable and welcome with her good nature and sense of humor. I extend my deepest appreciation to Jerry Pifer for the difference she made in the lives of many people in our community. I will forever be grateful for her service to our team, the district, and the United States of America. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF AMBASSADOR ROBERTA S. JACOBSON 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the career and service of Ro-berta S. Jacobson, U.S. Ambassador to Mex-ico. Ambassador Jacobson represented the best interests of the United States and showed ex-ceptional poise while dealing with a variety of complex issues as a diplomat. I personally want to thank her for her years of strong lead-ership, dedication to service, and unyielding commitment to improving relations with Mex-ico. I would also like to recognize her for being outspoken on countless issues including vio-lence against women, human rights, and jour-nalist safety. Ambassador Jacobson served in a variety of important roles throughout her career, includ-ing Director of the Office of Policy Planning and Coordination in the Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Lima, Peru, Director of the Office of Mexican Affairs, and Deputy As-sistant Secretary for Canada, Mexico, and NAFTA issues in the Bureau. She would soon serve as Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs where she is noted for leading the U.S. delegation in his-toric talks with the government of Cuba to nor-malize relations. Eventually she would be con-firmed and sworn in as the first female U.S. ambassador to Mexico. She received a Bachelor of Arts from Brown University and received her Master of Arts in Law and Diplomacy from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. She would then go on to a long and successful ca-reer in the service of our country. In addition to her diplomatic work, she is the author of several articles including ‘‘The Com-mittee for the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women’’ in the United Nations and Human Rights and ‘‘Liberation Theology as a Revolutionary Ideology.’’ For these reasons and more, Ambassador Jacobson will be remembered for her work and leadership, for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize the career of Ambas-sador Jacobson. f 
RECOGNIZING SERGEANT MAJOR JUAN J. MARTINEZ 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I’m honored to celebrate and recognize the heroic work of an exceptional citizen of our district, Sergeant Major Juan J. Martinez, USMC, Re-tired. Throughout his extraordinary military ca-reer and beyond, he has dedicated himself to a life of service to both Central Texas and this remarkable country. SgtMaj Martinez 1972 enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1972. Since then he has spent every waking day displaying Marine Corps values of honor, courage, and commit-ment as he worked his way up to the rank of Sergeant Major in 1997. Throughout his thirty years with the USMC, SgtMaj Martinez dis-played outstanding leadership and selfless-ness, resulting in numerous awards and com-mendations, including the prestigious Meri-torious Service and Marine Corp Commenda-tion Medals. SgtMaj Martinez’s work was not limited to military service alone as he took it upon him-self to be a role model and instructor in Texas schools. Central Texas has been blessed to have SgtMaj Martinez teach the MCJROTC at Round Rock High School for the past ten years. His encouragement and passion for the Marine Corps has instilled in our youth a sense of duty and shown them the fruits of a lifetime of service. SgtMaj Martinez has gone above and be-yond the expected duties of a Marine and has led our youth to new heights. We are grateful for each year he has dedicated to our country. He has blessed Central Texas with his hard work, valor, and I am proud here to congratu-late him on his retirement after decades of service. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to travel back to Washington due to illness. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 181; YEA on Roll Call No. 182; and YEA on Roll Call No. 183. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.030 E16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE666 May 16, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LLOYD SMUCKER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 181; YEA on Roll Call No. 182; and YEA on Roll Call No. 183. 
f 
CHRISTOPHER D’URSO: AN EX-TRAORDINARY RHODES SCHOLAR 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Christopher D’Urso, a senior at the University of Pennsylvania from Colts Neck, NJ, in my district, who was one of only 32 candidates nationwide selected as a 2018 Rhodes Scholar, for a three-year doc-toral program at Oxford University. Christopher graduated from the University of Pennsylvania this week with a Master’s of Public Administration (MPA) and a Certificate in Politics through Penn’s Fels Institute of Government—the youngest student to grad-uate the university with an MPA. He also earned a Bachelor of Arts in International Re-lations, and was named Valedictorian of the International Relations Senior Class of 2018, with a 4.0 GPA. This fall, Christopher will begin pursuing a doctorate in Public Policy at Oxford’s re-nowned Blavatnik School of Government as one of only five full-time students worldwide selected to enroll in this program. Rhodes Scholarships honor young men and women not only for their achievements, but ‘‘for their character, commitment to others and to the common good, and for their potential for leadership in whatever domains their careers may lead.’’ Christopher most certainly meets these high standards, as I have seen first-hand his keen intellect, passion for public service, out-standing leadership qualities and commitment to excellence. From 2013 to 2014, he interned in my district office where he assisted our staff with casework matters by helping provide val-uable information from government agencies. As a high school student, his research on loopholes in U.S. country-of-origin labeling laws that pose risks to consumer safety was so well-conducted that in 2014, he testified be-fore the China Commission alongside officials from the USDA and the FDA in a hearing on concerns over food exports from China. He also produced a report with legislative rec-ommendations on the issue. I know that consumer safety and public service are important issues for Christopher— while at Penn, he founded Penn CASE, a stu-dent—led consumer assistance outreach pro-gram for local residents. Christopher also worked for the Monmouth County Department of Consumer Affairs for three years, inves-tigating 70 consumer complaints—many of them related to Hurricane Sandy—and helping return over $114,000 to local citizens. His senior project, a report on ‘‘Translating Justice: An Evaluation of U.S. Efforts to Sup-port Criminal Procedure Reform in Panama,’’ was borne out of his recent trip to Panama as part of his MP A capstone project; he inter-viewed Panamanian and U.S. officials on the country’s criminal justice system and evalu-ated U.S. programs created to help reform the system. Christopher won Penn’s Rose Under-graduate Research Award for his work, and he will share his evaluation and recommendations with the U.S. Department of Justice, the State Department, and the Panamanian Embassy. As Christopher graduates and prepares to attend Oxford in the fall, I wish him all the best in this exciting new step in his life. f 
TRIBUTE TO MS. ELISA IRENE D
ELARGE 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor my constituent, Ms. Elisa Irene DeLarge, on her graduation from high school and her matriculation to college. Ms. DeLarge is a soon-to-be graduate of William W. Bodine High School, where she earned a 3.7GPA over four years. Her suc-cess in academics is a testament to her hard work, tireless work ethic and devotion to her future. Ms. DeLarge’s will continue her aca-demic career by taking courses at The Com-munity College of Philadelphia this summer and attending The University of Michigan this Fall. In addition to her own academic success, Ms. DeLarge is also committed to aiding future graduates of Philadelphia schools. Ms. DeLarge devotes countless hours to tutoring elementary and middle school students at the Narcissa S. Cruz Recreation Center. This act of selfless mentorship further speaks to Ms. DeLarge’s work ethic and morals. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-gratulating Ms. DeLarge today. 
f 
A TRAGIC DAY FOR PALESTINIAN RIGHTS AND AMERICAN LEADER-SHIP 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, Monday’s events in Jerusalem and Gaza will long be re-membered as the day the U.S. formally aban-doned its role as mediator and peacemaker in the conflict between Israel and the Palestin-ians. The Trump administration’s decision to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem was a grave departure from internationally recog-nized norms regarding the final status of Jeru-salem. Monday’s opening ceremony of the new U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem will prove to be a historic mistake that will haunt future U.S. presidents long after Donald Trump has de-parted the White House. The ceremony marking the Embassy’s opening was made for television, as well as the right-wing voters in America and Israel the policy was intended to appeal to. The pros-pects of peace were discarded and no consid-eration was given to the existence of millions of Palestinians living under Israeli military oc-cupation or the fact that just miles away from the new Embassy more than 60 Palestinian protesters were being killed by Israeli snipers. The extremist, homophobic, and racist televangelists—John Hagee and Robert Jeffress—were invited by the Trump adminis-tration to offer prayers on behalf of the Amer-ica people at the ceremony. Their presence and prominent roles can only be described as an insult to American and Christian values. Israel is a nation that enjoys security and military superiority largely as a result of the generosity of American taxpayers. The rights and freedoms enjoyed by Jewish citizens of Israel are not enjoyed by non-Jews who suffer discrimination as second-class citizens. For the millions of Palestinians living under Israeli military occupation there are no human rights, only repression, violence; and the constant pressure of having their land, water, and dig-nity taken from them. I believe in the critical role of the U.S. as a global leader for advancing human rights and justice. It should infuriate and illicit outrage among Americans to witness the Trump ad-ministration abandoning such leadership in ex-change for a payback on political debts to right-wing special interest groups. For the Israelis and Palestinians who still believe that diplomacy, dialogue, and reducing conflict are the only path to peace, I will state clearly that the Trump administration cannot and must not be trusted with the future of your children or your countries. I include in the RECORD a column by Michelle Goldbert from the New York Times entitled A Grotesque Spectacle in Jerusalem that outlines the day that destroyed U.S. lead-ership in the Middle East. The more than sixty Palestinian protesters who were killed by Israeli snipers and soldiers have been buried. Their families and friends grieve. For Ameri-cans who believe the U.S. is a force to ad-vance human rights, equality, and justice, we also grieve because Monday’s spectacle in Je-rusalem placed the U.S. on the side of op-pression and repression of a people seeking basic human rights, freedom and self-deter-mination. It was a truly grotesque spectacle. 
[From the New York Times: May 14, 2018] (By Michelle Goldberg) A G
ROTESQUE SPECTACLE IN JERUSALEM  On Monday, Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner and other leading lights of the Trumpist right gathered in Israel to celebrate the relo-cation of the American Embassy to Jeru-salem, a gesture widely seen as a slap in the face to Palestinians who envision East Jeru-salem as their future capital. The event was grotesque. It was a con-summation of the cynical alliance between hawkish Jews and Zionist evangelicals who believe that the return of Jews to Israel will usher in the apocalypse and the return of Christ, after which Jews who don’t convert will burn forever. Religions like ‘‘Mormonism, Islam, Juda-ism, Hinduism’’ lead people ‘‘to an eternity of separation from God in Hell,’’ Robert Jeffress, a Dallas megachurch pastor, once said. He was chosen to give the opening pray-er at the embassy ceremony. John Hagee, one of America’s most prominent end-times preachers, once said that Hitler was sent by God to drive the Jews to their ancestral homeland. He gave the closing benediction. This spectacle, geared toward Donald Trump’s Christian American base, coincided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.035 E16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE667 May 16, 2018 
with a massacre about 40 miles away. Since March 30, there have been mass protests at the fence separating Gaza and Israel. Gazans, facing an escalating humanitarian crisis due in large part to an Israeli blockade, are de-manding the right to return to homes in Israel that their families were forced from at Israel’s founding. The demonstrators have been mostly but not entirely peaceful; Gazans have thrown rocks at Israeli soldiers and tried to fly flaming kites into Israel. The Israeli military has responded with live gun-fire as well as rubber bullets and tear gas. In clashes on Monday, at least 58 Palestinians were killed and thousands wounded, accord-ing to the Gaza Health Ministry. The juxtaposition of images of dead and wounded Palestinians and Ivanka Trump smiling in Jerusalem like a Zionist Marie Antoinette tell us a lot about America’s re-lationship to Israel right now. It has never been closer, but within that closeness there are seeds of potential estrangement. Defenders of Israel’s actions in Gaza will argue no country would allow a mob to charge its border. They will say that even if Hamas didn’t call the protests, it has thrown its support behind them. ‘‘The responsibility for these tragic deaths rests squarely with Hamas,’’ a White House spokesman, Raj Shah, said on Monday. But even if you completely dismiss the Palestinian right of return—which I find harder to do now that Israel’s leadership has all but abandoned the possibility of a Pales-tinian state—it hardly excuses the Israeli military’s disproportionate violence. ‘‘What we’re seeing is that Israel has used, yet again, excessive and lethal force against pro-testers who do not pose an imminent threat,’’ Magdalena Mughrabi, Amnesty International’s deputy director for the Mid-dle East and North Africa, told me by phone from Jerusalem. Much of the world condemned the killings in Gaza. Yet the United States, Israel’s most important patron, has given it a free hand to do with the Palestinians what it will. Indeed, by moving the embassy to Jerusalem in the first place, Trump sent the implicit message that the American government has given up any pretense of neutrality. Reports of Israel’s gratitude to Trump abound. A square near the embassy is being renamed in his honor. Beitar Jerusalem, a soccer team whose fans are notorious for their racism, is now calling itself Beitar ‘‘Trump’’ Jerusalem. But if Israelis love Trump, many Americans—and certainly most American Jews—do not. The more Trumpism and Israel are intertwined, the more left-leaning Americans will grow alien-ated from Zionism. Even before Trump, Prime Minister Ben-jamin Netanyahu helped open a partisan di-vide on Israel in American politics, where previously there had been stultifying una-nimity. ‘‘Until these past few years, you’d never heard the word ‘occupation’ or ‘settle-ments’ or talk about Gaza,’’ Jeremy Ben- Ami, president of the liberal pro-Israel group J Street, said of American politicians. But Ben-Ami told me that since 2015, when Netanyahu tried to undercut President Barack Obama with a controversial address to Congress opposing the Iran deal, Demo-crats have felt more emboldened. ‘‘That changed the calculus forever,’’ he told me. The events of Monday may have changed it further, and things could get worse still. Tuesday is Nakba Day, when Palestinians commemorate their dispossession, and the protests at the fence are expected to be even larger. ‘‘People don’t feel like they can stay at home after loved ones and neighbors have been killed for peacefully protesting for their rights,’’ Abdulrahman Abunahel, a Gaza-based activist with the boycott, divest-ment and sanctions movement, told me via email. Trump has empowered what’s worst in Israel, and as long as he is president, it may be that Israel can kill Palestinians, demolish their homes and appropriate their land with impunity. But some day, Trump will be gone. With hope for a two-state solution nearly dead, current trends suggest that a Jewish minority will come to rule over a largely disenfranchised Muslim majority in all the land under Israel’s control. A rising genera-tion of Americans may see an apartheid state with a Trump Square in its capital and wonder why it’s supposed to be our friend. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, May 17, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 21 5 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A MAY 22 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of the Treasury. SD–138 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 2098, to modernize and strengthen the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 2848, to improve Department of Transportation controlled substances and alcohol test-ing, S. 2842, to prohibit the marketing of bogus opioid treatment programs or products, S. 2844, to require the Surface Transportation Board to implement certain recommendations of the Inspec-tor General of the Department of Transportation, S. 2764, to amend and enhance the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act to improve the conservation of sharks, S. 1092, to protect the right of law-abiding citi-zens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions, S. 2418, to di-rect the Federal Communications Com-mission to promulgate regulations that establish a national standard for deter-mining whether mobile and broadband services available in rural areas are reasonably comparable to those serv-ices provided in urban areas, the nomi-nations of Heidi R. King, of California, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, Joseph Ryan Gruters, of Florida, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Di-rectors, Jennifer L. Homendy, of Vir-ginia, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and rou-tine lists in the Coast Guard. SD–106 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the healthcare workforce, focusing on ad-dressing shortages and improving care. SD–430 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies Business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administra-tion and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2019’’. SD–192 11 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A 2:15 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 2269, to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years, S. Res. 386, urging the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to fulfill its agreement to hold credible elections, comply with constitutional limits on presidential terms, and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a demo-cratic transition of power by taking concrete and measurable steps towards holding elections not later than De-cember 2018 as outlined in the existing election calendar, and allowing for freedom of expression and association, and the Marrakesh Treaty to Facili-tate Access to Published Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Im-paired, or Otherwise Print Disabled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.038 E16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE668 May 16, 2018 
done at Marrakesh on June 27, 2013 (Marrakesh Treaty) (Treaty Doc.114– 06). S–116 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment Business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Devel-opment and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2019’’. SD–138 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel Business meeting to markup those provi-sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SH–216 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security To hold hearings to examine preventing abuse in Olympic and amateur ath-letics, focusing on ensuring a safe and secure environment for our athletes. SR–253 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine breaking through the regulatory barrier, focus-ing on what red tape means for the in-novation economy. LHOB–1100 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A 4:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A 5:15 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A MAY 23 9:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service. SD–124 Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to markup the proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–222 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the status of the housing finance system. SD–538 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 2852, to reauthorize certain programs under the Pandemic and All-Hazards Prepared-ness Reauthorization Act. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine the Govern-ment Accountability Office’s annual report on additional opportunities to reduce fragmentation, overlap, and du-plication in the Federal government. SD–608 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. SD–192 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Office of Govern-ment Ethics, Kelly Higashi, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, and Fred-erick M. Nutt, of Virginia, to be Con-troller, Office of Federal Financial Management, Office of Management and Budget. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Border Security and Im-migration To hold hearings to examine the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Reauthor-ization Act and exploited loopholes af-fecting unaccompanied alien children. SD–226 MAY 24 9 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine rural health care in America, focusing on challenges and opportunities. SD–215 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–222 10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine cybersecu-rity, focusing on risks to the financial services industry and its preparedness. SD–538 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019 for the Department of State. SD–419 MAY 25 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M16MY8.000 E16MYPT1
D529 Wednesday, May 16, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2687–S2733 Measures Introduced: Nineteen bills and four reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2853–2871, and S. Res. 511–514.
                                      Pages S2724–25 
Measures Reported: S. 1692, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs. (S. Rept. No. 115–249) 
                                                                                    Pages S2723–24 
Measures Passed: Federal Communications Commission Rule: By 52 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 97), Senate passed S.J. Res. 52, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Restoring Internet Free-dom’’, after agreeing to the motion to proceed. 
                                                                             Pages S2698–S2709 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 52 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 96), Senate agreed to Markey motion to proceed to consideration of the joint resolution.
                                            Page S2698 
Improve Data on Sexual Violence Act: Senate passed S. 2349, to direct the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to establish an inter-agency working group to study Federal efforts to collect data on sexual violence and to make rec-ommendations on the harmonization of such efforts. 
                                                                                            Page S2731 
Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Au-thorization Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3249, to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S2731–32 
McConnell (for Cornyn/Peters) Amendment No. 2245, in the nature of a substitute.
         Pages S2731–32 SEA Act: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 2772, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements relating to the reassignment of Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
        Page S2732 
McConnell (for Tillis) Amendment No. 2244, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S2732 
Veterans in Rehabilitation Programs: Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 3562, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S2732 
Smithsonian National Zoological Park Central Parking Facility Authorization Act: Committee on Rules and Administration was discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 4009, to authorize the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution to plan, design, and construct a central parking facility on National Zoological Park property in the District of Columbia, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                    Pages S2732–33 
Authorizing the Use of Emancipation Hall: Sen-ate agreed to H. Con. Res. 112, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kame-hameha I.
                                                                       Page S2733 
National Police Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 512, designating the week of May 13 through May 19, 2018, as ‘‘National Police Week’’.
           Page S2733 
National Foster Care Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 513, recognizing National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the chal-lenges of children in the foster-care system, and en-couraging Congress to implement policy to improve the lives of children in the foster-care system. 
                                                                                            Page S2733 
National Charter Schools Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 514, congratulating the students, parents, teachers, and leaders of charter schools across the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY8.REC D16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD530 May 16, 2018 
United States for making ongoing contributions to education, and supporting the ideals and goals of the 19th annual National Charter Schools Week, cele-brated May 7 through May 11, 2018.
            Page S2733 
Budget Resolution—Agreement: A unanimous- consent-time agreement was reached providing that following Leader remarks on Thursday, May 17, 2018, Senator Paul, or his designee, be recognized to make a motion to proceed to consideration of S. Con. Res. 36, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Gov-ernment for fiscal year 2019 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028; that there be up to 90 minutes of de-bate on the motion, with 45 minutes under the con-trol of Senator Paul, or his designee, and 45 minutes under the control of the Democratic Leader, or his designee; and that following the use or yielding back of that time, Senate vote in relation to the motion. 
                                                                                            Page S2719 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. EX. 98), Mitch-ell Zais, of South Carolina, to be Deputy Secretary of Education.
                       Pages S2687–98, S2709–10, S2733 
1 Coast Guard nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                            Pages S2719, S2733 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2723 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2723 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S2723, S2731 
Executive Communications:                             Page S2723 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S2723 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S2724 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2725–26 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2726–29 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2722–23 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2729–30 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2730–31 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2731 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—98)
                                              Pages S2698, S2709–10 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:47 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, May 17, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2733.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: EPA Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Environmental Protection Agency, after receiving testimony from Scott Pruitt, Adminis-trator, Environmental Protection Agency. APPROPRIATIONS: FBI Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies con-cluded open and closed hearings to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, after receiving testimony from Christopher A. Wray, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Depart-ment of Justice. ROLE OF DHS IN STOPPING FLOW OF DRUGS Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Homeland Security concluded a hearing to examine the role of the Department of Homeland Security in stopping the flow of opioids, methamphetamines, and other dangerous drugs, after receiving testimony from Todd Owen, Executive As-sistant Commissioner, Customs and Border Protec-tion, Office of Field Operations, Derek Benner, Act-ing Executive Associate Director, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Homeland Security Investiga-tions, and Andre L. Hentz, Acting Deputy Under Secretary for Science and Technology, Science and Technology Directorate, all of the Department of Homeland Security. RAILROAD SAFETY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine railroad safety initiatives, after receiving testimony from Ronald L. Batory, Administrator, Federal Rail-road Administration, Department of Transportation; Stephen J. Gardner, Amtrak, Washington, D.C.; Ar-thur Leahy, Southern California Regional Rail Au-thority (Metrolink), Los Angeles, California; and Pa-tricia Quinn, Northern New England Passenger Rail Authority, Portland, Maine. NOMINATIONS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Joseph Ryan Gruters, of Florida, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY8.REC D16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D531 May 16, 2018 
be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, who was introduced by Representative Ronney; Jennifer L. Homendy, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, who was in-troduced by Senator Blumenthal, and Heidi R. King, of California, to be Administrator of the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administration, De-partment of Transportation, after the nominees testi-fied and answered questions in their own behalf. INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Space, Science, and Competiveness concluded a hearing to examine the future of the International Space Station; focusing on Administra-tion perspectives, after receiving testimony from William H. Gerstenmaier, Associate Administrator for Human Exploration and Operations, and Paul K. Martin, Inspector General, both of the National Aer-onautics and Space Administration. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the nominations of Francis R. Fannon, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Resources), Jonathan R. Cohen, of Cali-fornia, to be the Deputy Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador, and the Deputy Representative of the United States of Amer-ica in the Security Council of the United Nations, and to be Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during his tenure of service as Deputy Representative of the United States of Amer-ica to the United Nations, and David B. Cornstein, of New York, to be Ambassador to Hungary, all of the Department of State, Eliot Pedrosa, of Florida, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank, and Jackie Wol-cott, of Virginia, to be Representative of the United States of America to the International Atomic En-ergy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be Representative of the United States of America to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador. AUTHORIZATION OF THE USE OF MILITARY FORCE Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine S.J. Res. 59, to authorize the use of military force against the Taliban, al Qaeda, the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, and designated associated forces, and to provide an updated, trans-parent, and sustainable statutory basis for counterter-rorism operations, after receiving testimony from John B. Bellinger III, Council on Foreign Relations, and Rita M. Siemion, Human Rights First, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 1400, to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protections of Native American tangible cultural heritage; and S. 2804, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture for Indian Country. SAFETY AND SECURITY AT BUREAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION SCHOOLS Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine safety and security at Bureau of Indian Education schools, after receiving testimony from Tony Dearman, Director, Bureau of Indian Education, Department of the Interior; Cecelia Firethunder, Oglala Lakota Nation Education Coalition, Pine Ridge, South Dakota; and Gary J. Lujan, Santa Fe Indian School, Santa Fe, New Mex-ico. CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Cambridge Analytica and the fu-ture of data privacy, after receiving testimony from Eitan Hersh, Tufts University, Medford, Massachu-setts; Mark A. Jamison, American Enterprise Insti-tute, Gainesville, Florida; and Christopher Wylie, London, United Kingdom. BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the nomination of Gina Haspel, of Kentucky, to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY8.REC D16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD532 May 16, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 24 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5833–5856; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 121; and H. Res. 897–899 were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H4137–38 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4139–40 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 900, providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–679). 
                                                                                            Page H4137 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Higgins (LA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H3981 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:59 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H3987 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Dr. Ted Kitchens, Christ Chapel Bible Church, Fort Worth, TX.
                        Page H3987 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H3987, H4058 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Banks (IN) wherein he resigned from the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
                                                                                            Page H3990 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Rutherford wherein he resigned from the Committee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs.
                                 Page H3990 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Wenstrup wherein he resigned from the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services.
                                           Pages H3990–91 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 897, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H3991 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, May 15th. Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Ex-pansion Act: S. 35, to transfer administrative juris-diction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 407 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 187. 
                                                                                            Page H4008 
Requesting the Senate to return to the House of Representatives the bill H.R. 4743: The House agreed to H. Res. 899, requesting the Senate to re-turn to the House of Representatives the bill H.R. 4743.
                                                                               Page H4008 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that the question of adopting the amendment to H.R. 5698 may be subject to post-ponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                            Page H4009 
Protect and Serve Act of 2018: The House passed H.R. 5698, to amend title 18, United States Code, to punish criminal offenses targeting law enforce-ment officers, by a yea-and-nay vote of 382 yeas to 35 nays, Roll No. 188.
                     Pages H4009–14, H4057 
Agreed to: Goodlatte amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–677) that adds clarifying language so only those who cause injury to a law enforcement of-ficer with intent, not by accident, can be charged under the statute; it also amends the definition of law enforcement officer to assure correctional officers are covered by the definition.
                              Page H4014 
H. Res. 891, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5698), (S. 2372), and (H.R. 2) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 186, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 230 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 185.
                                   Pages H3991–H4007 
A point of order was raised against the consider-ation of H. Res. 891 and it was agreed to proceed with consideration of the resolution by a yea-and-nay vote of 223 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 184. 
                                                                                    Pages H3991–94 
Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act: The House passed S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, by a recorded vote of 347 ayes to 70 noes, Roll No. 189. 
                                                                Pages H4014–46, H4057–58 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of H.R. 5674 as reported by the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, as modified by the amendment printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–677, shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                          Page H4014 
H. Res. 891, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5698), (S. 2372), and (H.R. 2) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 185 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY8.REC D16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D533 May 16, 2018 
noes, Roll No. 186, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 230 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 185.
                                   Pages H3991–H4007 
A point of order was raised against the consider-ation of H. Res. 891 and it was agreed to proceed with consideration of the resolution by a yea-and-nay vote of 223 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 184. 
                                                                                    Pages H3991–94 
Directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 2372: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 121, directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 2372.
                  Page H4058 
Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018: The House considered H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023. Consideration is expected to resume tomor-row, May 17th.
        Pages H4046–50, H4050–57, H4058–4129 
Pursuant to the Rule, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Agriculture now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                            Page H4058 
Agreed to: King (IA) amendment (No. 1 printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–677) that allows Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to go into con-tracts with drainage districts to provide irrigation or water efficiency;
                                                  Pages H4123–24 
Gibbs amendment (No. 2 printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–677) that expresses a sense of Congress encouraging partnerships at the watershed level be-tween nonpoint sources and regulated point sources to advance the goals of the Water Pollution Control Act;
                                                                                   Page H4124 
Rogers (AL) amendment (No. 4 printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–677) that amends the Nutrition title to allow SNAP users to purchase a multi-vitamin with their SNAP benefits;
          Pages H4124–25 
Bergman amendment (No. 5 printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–677) that directs GAO to study the agricultural credit needs of farms, ranches, and re-lated agricultural businesses that are owned or oper-ated by Indian tribes on tribal lands or enrolled members of Indian tribes on Indian allotments; if needs are not being met, report shall include legisla-tive and other recommendations that would result in a system under which the needs are met in an equi-table and effective manner;
                                   Page H4125 
Arrington amendment (No. 6 printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–677) that modifies the Community Facilities Direct Loan and Guarantee Loan Program and the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Pro-gram to permit rural hospitals to refinance existing debt;                                                                         Pages H4125–26 
Jones amendment (No. 7 printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–677) that removes the first 1,500 indi-viduals residing on military bases from calculation into population thresholds set for ‘rural areas’; 
                                                                                    Pages H4126–27 
Latta amendment (No. 8 printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–677) that requires the Federal Commu-nications Commission, in consultation with the United States Department of Agriculture, to estab-lish a task force for reviewing the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States; and
                                             Pages H4127–28 
Thompson (PA) amendment (No. 9 printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–677) that adds Chronic Wasting Disease to Sec. 7208, High-Priority Re-search and Extension Initiatives.
                Pages H4128–29 
H. Res. 891, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5698), (S. 2372), and (H.R. 2) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 186, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 230 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 185.
                                   Pages H3991–H4007 
A point of order was raised against the consider-ation of H. Res. 891 and it was agreed to proceed with consideration of the resolution by a yea-and-nay vote of 223 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 184. 
                                                                                    Pages H3991–94 
Recess: The House recessed at 8:31 p.m. and recon-vened at 9:40 p.m.
                                                   Page H4136 
Senate Referrals: S.J. Res. 52 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H4050. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3993–94, H4006–07, H4007, H4008, H4057, and H4057–58. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:41 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the FY 2019 Energy and Water Devel-opment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill; and the FY 2019 Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Bill; and the FY 2019 Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY8.REC D16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD534 May 16, 2018 
Related Agencies Appropriations Bill were ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a markup on the FY 2019 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill was forwarded to the full Committee, without amend-ment. ENHANCING RETIREMENT SECURITY: EXAMINING PROPOSALS TO SIMPLIFY AND MODERNIZE RETIREMENT PLAN ADMINISTRATION Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Enhancing Retirement Security: Examining Proposals to Simplify and Mod-ernize Retirement Plan Administration’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. TELECOMMUNICATIONS, GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS, AND NATIONAL SECURITY Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Telecommunications, Global Competitiveness, and National Security’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATION ADDRESSING NEW SOURCE REVIEW PERMITTING REFORM Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislation Addressing New Source Review Permitting Re-form’’. Testimony was heard from William Wehrum, Assistant Administrator, Office of Air and Radiation, Environmental Protection Agency; Sean Alteri, Di-rector, Division of Air Equality, Kentucky Depart-ment of Environmental Protection; Paul Baldauf, As-sistant Commissioner, Air Quality, Energy, and Sus-tainability, New Jersey Department of Environ-mental Protection; and public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE SEC’S DIVISION OF ENFORCEMENT Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets, Securities, and Investment held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Division of En-forcement’’. Testimony was heard from Stephanie Avakian, Co-Director, Division of Enforcement, Se-curities and Exchange Commission; and Steven Peikin, Co-Director, Division of Enforcement, Secu-rities and Exchange Commission. IMPLEMENTATION OF FINCEN’S CUSTOMER DUE DILIGENCE RULE Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism and Illicit Finance held a hearing entitled ‘‘Implementation of FinCEN’s Customer Due Dili-gence Rule’’. Testimony was heard from Kenneth A. Blanco, Director, Financial Crimes Enforcement Net-work. THE U.S. CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER—TEN YEARS OF SERVING CONGRESS AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Capitol Visitor Center—Ten Years of Serving Congress and the American People’’. Testimony was heard from Beth Plemmons, CEO for Visitor Services, U.S. Capitol Visitor Center. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 224, the ‘‘Polar Bear Conserva-tion and Fairness Act’’; H.R. 857, the ‘‘California Off-Road Recreation and Conservation Act’’; H.R. 3045, the ‘‘Eastern Legacy Extension Act’’; H.R. 3186, the ‘‘Every Kid Outdoors Act’’; H.R. 3916, the ‘‘FISH Act’’; and H.R. 4419, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation and Bureau of Indian Affairs Water Project Streamlining Act’’. H.R. 224 was ordered re-ported, without amendment. H.R. 857, H.R. 3045, H.R. 3186, H.R. 3916, and H.R. 4419 were or-dered reported, as amended. WORKFORCE FOR THE 21ST CENTURY: ANALYZING THE PRESIDENT’S MANAGEMENT AGENDA Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Workforce for the 21st Century: Analyzing the President’s Manage-ment Agenda’’. Testimony was heard from Margaret Weichert, Deputy Director for Management, Office of Management and Budget; Jeff Pon, Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management; and public witnesses. AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 2, the ‘‘Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’ [Amendment Consideration]. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a structured rule providing for further consideration of H.R. 2. The rule provides for no additional general debate. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY8.REC D16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D535 May 16, 2018 
amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Representatives Comer, Faso, Marino, Barr, Grothman, Estes of Kansas, Russell, Graves of Lou-isiana, and Blumenauer. USING TECHNOLOGY TO ADDRESS CLIMATE CHANGE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Using Technology to Address Climate Change’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 101: HOW SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS CAN UTILIZE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTIONS IN THEIR BUSINESSES Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Intellectual Property 101: How Small Business Owners Can Utilize Intellectual Property Protections in Their Businesses’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. MEMBER DAY: TESTIMONY AND PROPOSALS ON THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day: Testimony and Pro-posals on the Department of Veterans Affairs’’. Testi-mony was heard from Chairman Chabot, and Rep-resentatives Mast, Rouzer, Hill, Mullin, Suozzi, Walorski, Westerman, Plaskett, Carter of Georgia, DeFazio, Renacci, Murphy of Florida, Kildee, Stiv-ers, Ruiz, Heck of Washington, Schneider, Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Johnson of Lou-isiana, DeSantis, Hartzler, Titus, Biggs, Sablan, Kihuen, O’Halleran, Carbajal, Vargas, Flores, Carter of Texas, Rohrabacher, Welch, Moulton, Shea-Porter, Zeldin, Brat, Ted Lieu of California, Rosen, Gianforte, McMorris Rodgers, Richmond, Bishop of Georgia, Bordallo, Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Taylor, Napolitano, Lofgren, Crawford, Kennedy, Mimi Walters of California, Gabbard, Tonko, Smith of Washington, McKinley, and Hultgren. TAX REFORM: GROWING OUR ECONOMY AND CREATING JOBS Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Tax Reform: Growing Our Econ-omy and Creating Jobs’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5774, the ‘‘Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals Act’’; H.R. 5775, the ‘‘Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Edu-cational Resources Act’’; H.R. 5776, the ‘‘Medicare and Opioid Safe Treatment Act’’; H.R. 5773, the ‘‘Preventing Addiction for Susceptible Seniors Act’’; H.R. 5676, the ‘‘SENIOR Communities Protection Act’’; H.R. 5723, the ‘‘Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act’’; and H.R. 5788 to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic information on international mail ship-ments of mail, and for other purposes. H.R. 5774, H.R. 5775, H.R. 5776, H.R. 5773, H.R. 5676, H.R. 5723, and H.R. 5788 were ordered reported, without amendment. 
Joint Meetings 
BUSINESS MEETING Joint Committee on the Library: Committee concluded an organizational business meeting. BUSINESS MEETING Joint Committee on Printing: Committee concluded an organizational business meeting. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, MAY 17, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of the Air Force, 10 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the National Insti-tutes of Health, 10 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Trade Commission, 10 a.m., SD–138. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY8.REC D16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD536 May 16, 2018 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business meeting to consider S. 436, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to retire coal preference right lease applica-tions for which the Secretary has made an affirmative commercial quantities determination, to substitute certain land selections of the Navajo Nation, to designate certain wilderness areas, S. 440, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickin-son Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, S. 612, and H.R. 1547, bills to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by con-veyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City, S. 930, to require the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration to establish a pilot project to pro-vide increased transparency for customers, S. 966, to es-tablish a program to accurately document vehicles that were significant in the history of the United States, S. 1029, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to exempt certain small hydroelectric power projects that are applying for relicensing under the Fed-eral Power Act from the licensing requirements of that Act, S. 1030, to require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to submit to Congress a report on certain hydropower projects, S. 1142, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of certain hydroelectric projects, S. 1219, to provide for stability of title to cer-tain land in the State of Louisiana, S. 1403, to amend the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 to establish the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in national service positions to conserve, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, S. 1459, to establish Fort Sumter and Fort Moultrie Na-tional Park in the State of South Carolina, S. 1548, to designate certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wilderness and national recreation areas and to make additional wild and scenic river designations in the State of Oregon, S. 1573, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Discovery Trail’’, S. 1645, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland, S. 1646, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of President Station in Baltimore, Maryland, S. 2074, to establish a procedure for the con-veyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, S. 2102, and H.R. 4266, bills to clarify the boundary of Acadia Na-tional Park, S. 2218, and H.R. 4609, bills to provide for the conveyance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire station, S. 2238, to amend the Ohio & Erie Canal National Heritage Canalway Act of 1996 to repeal the funding limitation, H.R. 497, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain Fed-eral lands in San Bernardino County, California, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to accept in return certain non-Federal lands, H.R. 965, to redesignate the Saint-Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘Saint-Gaudens National Historical Park’’, H.R. 995, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture and the Sec-retary of the Interior to modernize terms in certain regu-lations, H.R. 1900, to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Vet-erans Memorial and Museum, H.R. 2582, to authorize the State of Utah to select certain lands that are available for disposal under the Pony Express Resource Manage-ment Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institutions, H.R. 2768, to designate certain mountain peaks in the State of Colorado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’, H.R. 2786, to amend the Federal Power Act with respect to the criteria and process to qualify as a qualifying conduit hydropower facility, H.R. 2897, to authorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into coop-erative management agreements for the operation, main-tenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, and an original bill to designate a National Nordic Museum in Washington State, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine S. 2800, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to au-thorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, 10:15 a.m., SD–406. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2645, to establish a demonstration program under which the Drug Enforcement Administration provides grants to certain States to enable those States to increase participation in drug take-back programs, S. 2535, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to strengthen Drug Enforcement Administration discretion in setting opioid quotas, S. 2789, to prevent substance abuse and reduce demand for illicit narcotics, S. 207, to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act relating to controlled substance analogues, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Using Data to Pre-vent Opioid Diversion Act of 2018’’, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Preventing Drug Diversion Act of 2018’’, and the nominations of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Mi-chael J. Truncale, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Erica H. MacDonald, to be United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on the FY 2019 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Privacy, Promoting Data Security: Exploring How Schools and States Keep Data Safe’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY8.REC D16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D537 May 16, 2018 Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3692, the ‘‘Addiction Treatment Access Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4684, the ‘‘Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5329, the ‘‘Poison Center Network Enhancement Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5580, the ‘‘STOP Fentanyl Deaths Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5587, the ‘‘Peer Support Communities of Recovery Act’’; H.R. 5795, the ‘‘Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act’’; H.R. 5807, the ‘‘Substance Use Disorder Co-ordination, Access, Recovery Enhancement Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5812, the ‘‘Creating Opportunities that Necessitate New and Enhanced Connections That Improve Opioid Navigation Strategies Act’’; H.R. 5590, the ‘‘Opioid Ad-diction Action Plan Act’’; H.R. 5603, the ‘‘Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder’’; H.R. 5605, the ‘‘Advancing High Quality Treatment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act’’; H.R. 5798, the ‘‘Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act’’; H.R. 5804, the ‘‘Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act’’; H.R. 5809, the ‘‘Post-operative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5715, the ‘‘Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act’’; H.R. 5716, the ‘‘Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Seniors Act’’; H.R. 5796, the ‘‘Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treatment Act of 2018’’; H.R. 1925, the ‘‘At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3192, the ‘‘CHIP Mental Health Parity Act’’; H.R. 4005, the ‘‘Medicaid Reentry Act’’; H.R. 4998, the ‘‘Health Insurance for Former Foster Youth Act’’; H.R. 5477, the ‘‘Rural Development of Opioid Ca-pacity Services Act’’; H.R. 5583, the ‘‘Requiring Med-icaid Programs to Report on All Core Behavioral Health Measures’’; H.R. 5789, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicaid coverage protections for pregnant and postpartum women while receiving in-patient treatment for a substance use disorder; H.R. 5797, the ‘‘IMD CARE Act’’; H.R. 5799, the ‘‘Medicaid DRUG Improvement Act’’; H.R. 5800, the ‘‘Medicaid IMD ADDITIONAL INFO Act’’; H.R. 5801, the ‘‘Med-icaid PARTNERSHIP Act’’; H.R. 5808, the ‘‘Medicaid Pharmaceutical Home Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5810, the ‘‘Medicaid Health HOME Act’’; H.R. 5228, the ‘‘Stop Counterfeit Drugs by Regulating and Enhancing Enforce-ment Now Act’’; H.R. 5752, the ‘‘Stop Illicit Drug Im-portation Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5806, the ‘‘21st Century Tools for Pain and Addiction Treatments’’; and H.R. 5811, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to postapproval study requirements for certain controlled substances, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Community Development Block Grant—Disaster Recovery Pro-gram—Stakeholder Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing enti-tled ‘‘An Overview of Homelessness in America’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5626, the ‘‘Intercountry Adoption Information Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5754, the ‘‘Cambodia Democracy Act’’; H.R. 5819, the ‘‘BURMA Act of 2018’’; H.R. 1911, the ‘‘Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti- Semitism Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2259, the ‘‘Sam Farr Peace Corps Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 4989, the ‘‘Protecting Diplomats from Surveillance Through Consumer Devices Act’’; and H.R. 3030, the ‘‘Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Global Health Supply Chain Management: Les-sons Learned and Ways Forward’’, 1 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Trans-portation and Protective Security, hearing entitled ‘‘As-sessing the TSA Checkpoint: The PreCheck Program and Airport Wait Times’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2561, the ‘‘POLICE Act of 2017’’, 11 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Impedi-ments to Commerce and Innovative Injurious Species Management’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 2365, the ‘‘Desert Community Lands Act’’; H.R. 3777, the ‘‘Juab County Conveyance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4824, the ‘‘Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5023, the ‘‘Civil War Defenses of Washington National Historical Park Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Sustainable Solution to the Evolving Opioid Crisis: Revitalizing the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy’’, 11 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Human Presence in Low-Earth Orbit’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Con-tracting and Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘Hotline Truths II: Audit Reveals Inconsistencies in Defense Subcon-tracting’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health; and Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘VA Research: Focusing on Funding, Findings, and Partnerships’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing enti-tled ‘‘A Review of VA’s Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Program’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Securing Americans’ Identities: The Future of the Social Security Number’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘China’s Worldwide Military Ex-pansion’’, 9 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine the promise of Opportunity Zones, 10 a.m., SH–216. Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: to hold hearings to examine the structure and fi-nancial outlook of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY8.REC D16MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD538 May 16, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, May 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senator Paul will be recognized to make a motion to proceed to consideration of S. Con. Res. 36, Budget Resolution, and after up to 90 minutes of debate, Senate will vote in relation to the motion. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, May 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Continue Consideration of H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bergman, Jack, Mich., E660, E663, E664 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E666 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E663 Carter, John R., Tex., E660, E661, E662, E663, E664, E665 Cole, Tom, Okla., E662 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E665 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E662 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E664 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E660 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E657 Granger, Kay, Tex., E659 Graves, Sam, Mo., E662, E665 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E659 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E660 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E661 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E663 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E659 Marino, Tom, Pa., E659 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E666 Moolenaar, John R., Mich., E664 Mullin, Markwayne, Okla., E660 Olson, Pete, Tex., E658 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E658 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E658, E659, E659, E660, E661, E661, E662, E663, E664, E665 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E657 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E662 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E658 Schneider, Bradley Scott, Ill., E657 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E662 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E666 Smucker, Lloyd, Pa., E666 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E659, E661 Thompson, Glenn, Pa., E660 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E657 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E665 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E659 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16MY8.REC D16MYPT1