Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3099 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 11, 2018 No. 58 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
ACON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 11, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ONBACON  to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
MY COMMITMENT TO DEFEND THE CONSTITUTION AND THE RULE OF LAW AS A CITIZEN OF THIS NATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, the President said to reporters at the White House on Monday: ‘‘And it’s a disgrace. It’s, frankly, a real disgrace. It’s an attack on our country, in a true sense. It’s an attack on what we all stand for.’’ While I agree that there has been a disgraceful attack on our country, I don’t think it is the investigation that is closing in on the President, but rath-er his disgraceful reaction to it. We now know, without any doubt, that the special counsel’s investigation is closing in on the President and those very, very close to him. I don’t think lawful warrants legally executed against the homes, office, and hotel rooms of the President’s chief fixer and fellow grifter are the problem. Rather, it is the constant threats to further obstruct justice by a sitting President, to thwart those lawful in-vestigations from reaching their log-ical conclusions. That is what I and a lot of patriotic Americans are worried about. What we find disgraceful is the Presi-dent’s attitude toward law enforcement and the circumstances that have led us to this moment, including the apparent dealings with the Kremlin, the cam-paign finance violations, the hush money payoffs to silence witnesses, and using one’s elected office to influence and even try to end an investigation in which you are the target. When he is the target, it is called dis-graceful. Before we left for the Easter break, Democrats on the Judiciary Committee made a commitment that we would be on the first plane back to Washington to initiate hearings if the President took action to further obstruct justice, including firing the Attorney General for recusing himself or the deputy at-torney general or the special counsel. The President reiterated his threats to subvert justice by firing key Justice officials this week. So I feel obligated to reiterate my commitment to defend the Constitution and the rule of law as a citizen of this Nation. Let’s be clear. Republicans have no intention of investigating, holding hearings, or taking seriously their con-stitutional mandate, no matter how far this President goes. When athletes kneel during the na-tional anthem or the former President wears a tan suit or salutes a marine while holding a cup of coffee, that is a constitutional crisis. But when the President threatens to fire the special counsel, well, you know. We cannot rely on Republicans to de-fend democracy and our system of gov-ernment as long as they find political and personal advantage in walking lockstep with the President, or they tremble in fear of what would be in a tweet if they stepped out of line. And we as Democrats, well, we are in the minority, so we are almost power-less unless some of our fellow col-leagues put country ahead of party. But human beings are very resource-ful and fight fiercely for their own free-dom. When we are united in great num-bers, we can accomplish any goal. In Selma and elsewhere, Dr. King and others showed us that beatings, lynchings, and State-sanctioned dis-crimination could not withstand the power of the people fighting for justice and equality. In turn, they inspired, in part, the re-sistance known as the Prague Spring in Central Europe, when people stood up to tanks and repression, and eventually the wall came down. In Africa, the Americas, Asia, and across the Arab world, people are still fighting to secure their freedom. And in China, the image of a lone man standing up to tanks to defend his country moved the world. One man standing up will not be enough, but many American women and men are already heeding the call. Young people from Parkland, Florida, called us to Washington by the mil-lions, despite viscous attacks. Women led the way by the millions in Washington and around the world. And when our Muslim brothers and sisters called us to the airports to op-pose Trump’s religious ban, we came in numbers. We have to be ready to come to Washington quickly, massively, ener-getically, in huge number when the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP7.000 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3100 April 11, 2018 
shoe drops. We have to answer the call to defend the country we all love, and we must be unified as Americans. My fellow Americans, we must be ready to stand up again and again and answer the call when our Nation is under attack and threatened by a ty-rant. Together, the American people can fight petty disregard for law and order, the data-driven divisiveness, and media manipulation to defend the country we love. To do so, we must be ready and we must be together. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE PATRIOTISM AND GENEROSITY OF AL KATZENBERGER, JR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) for 5 minutes. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the patriotism and gen-erosity of Al Katzenberger, Jr., a true friend to southern Illinois and its vet-erans. After Memorial Day last year, a thunderstorm blew through Mound City National Cemetery in Pulaski County. The 50 cotton flags that make up the Avenue of Flags of the cemetery were no match for the 70-mile-per-hour winds. Every flagpole was destroyed at this center of pride for our local com-munity. Upon hearing the news, Alfred, who served in the U.S. Navy for over 40 years, decided to take action. He do-nated 50 new flagpoles worth over $12,000. It is selfless acts like this that help make our community stronger. To Alfred, we say: Thank you for your decades of service to our Nation and your continued dedication to hon-oring our Nation’s veterans. 
f 
REJECT SNAP CUTS IN THE FARM BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the farm bill should be about helping our farmers and strengthening our food and nutrition programs. It shouldn’t be about beating up on poor people. As the House Agriculture Committee prepares to mark up the 2018 farm bill, I rise to express my deep concern and my outrage with reports that Repub-licans on the committee are consid-ering drastic cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program known as SNAP. Press reports indicate that the ma-jority intends to dismantle the core function of SNAP to pay for a huge, new, untested bureaucracy, while cut-ting and even eliminating benefits for millions of the most vulnerable Ameri-cans, including seniors, older workers, individuals with disabilities, working families with children, and other strug-gling adults. We are still awaiting the full details on the plan, which was crafted behind closed doors without any input from Democrats on the committee—I am not even sure any input from Republicans on the committee. But this is what we have learned: that the Republicans in-tend to focus their cuts in three areas. First, we are hearing Chairman CON-
AWAY ’s bill will eliminate broad-based categorical eligibility, an important State option that helps working fami-lies with kids and seniors qualify for benefits when times are tough. More than 40 States currently imple-ment this option, which allows them to raise income cutoffs and ease asset limits. Broad-based categorical eligibility also mitigates any cliff effect, albeit small, that exists in SNAP, and elimi-nating it would penalize families from accruing modest savings to help lift themselves out of poverty. Estimates suggest that at least 400,000 eligible households will lose their SNAP benefits if broad-based cat-egorical eligibility is eliminated, and 265,000 students will lose access to free lunches at school. I mean, really? Mr. Speaker, this is shameful. We are also reading that the Repub-licans are looking to cut benefits for households with out-of-pocket utility expenses by disconnecting the link be-tween SNAP and the Low Income Heat-ing Energy Assistance Program known as LIHEAP. Doing so will require those with utility expenses to produce the actual bills for each expense rather than receiving a standard allowance. It will force the elderly, it will force peo-ple who are disabled and working fami-lies to make another trip to the SNAP office and cut benefits for those who are unable to produce the receipts. Mr. Speaker, we expect that this pro-posal will cut benefits by at least $6.6 billion. Lastly, we have heard the Repub-licans intend to focus much of their damaging proposal on harsher work re-quirements that target vulnerable groups of adults who do not have chil-dren or other dependents, known as ABAWDs. We are reading that the Republican majority is proposing to develop a mas-sive new bureaucracy and subject 3 to 5 million vulnerable Americans to new mandatory work requirements. I want to remind my colleagues that the ABAWD population is diverse. Many have limited access to education, with more than 80 percent having no more than a high school education or a GED. Some have mental health issues, difficult histories of substance abuse, or are ex-offenders with nowhere else to turn. And as many as 60,000 of them are veterans who have served our coun-try. These childless adults on SNAP are often extremely poor and sometimes experience chronic homelessness. They turn to SNAP as a safety net when they lose their jobs, their hours at work are cut, or their wages are so low that they are unable to make ends meet. Under current law, ABAWDs are al-ready subjected to severe time limits on the program. They are only pro-vided access to benefits for 3 months out of a 3-year period and are com-pletely cut off from assistance after that time if they have not been able to find work. Mr. Speaker, this Congress should be committed to helping people who are living in poverty and working to help make their lives easier, not cutting them off from assistance when they most need it. Estimates suggest that as many as 1 million people will lose assistance if these incredibly damaging work pro-posals advance. The House Agriculture Committee held 23 hearings on SNAP over the past several years. I attended every single one. We heard testimony from dozens of witnesses, Republicans and Demo-crats alike; and not one witness, not one, Mr. Speaker, suggested that we make the drastic changes to the pro-gram that will cut off those most in need of assistance, let alone the ones whom the Republican majority are ad-vancing. Quite frankly, I don’t know where these ideas are coming from, maybe some rightwing think tank, but they are certainly not coming from the Ag-riculture Committee. Let’s be clear about what is hap-pening. Speaker R
YANmade clear a few weeks ago that he views the farm bill as a key piece of his misguided welfare reform agenda. And just yesterday, President Trump issued a new execu-tive order aimed at forcing SNAP re-cipients off of assistance. The Republican farm bill isn’t about trying to help people. It is about poli-tics and it is about appeasing the right-wing of the Republican party. It relies on negative stereotypes to advance the goal of undermining our safety net pro-grams and cutting people off of help who need it most. It is disgusting. Mr. Speaker, I plead with you, I plead with Chairman C
ONAWAY and Repub-licans in this Congress to stop this at-tack on those who are living in pov-erty. SNAP is an important program. It is about providing people food, and I urge my colleagues on both sides to re-ject any and all proposals that will un-dermine this important program. Mr. Speaker, the war against the poor must stop. 
f 
CELEBRATING NATIONAL LIBRARY WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.002 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3101 April 11, 2018 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of National Library Week, which began on Sunday and runs through Saturday, April 14. This year’s theme is Library’s Lead, and ballerina Misty Copeland is this year’s honorary chair. First sponsored in 1958, National Li-brary Week is an observance sponsored by the American Library Association and libraries across the country each April. It is time to celebrate the contribu-tions of our Nation’s libraries and li-brarians and to promote library use and support. All types of libraries— school, public, academic, and special— participate. Celebrations during National Library Week include: National Library Work-ers Day, celebrated yesterday, which is a day for library staff, users, adminis-trators, and friends groups to recognize the valuable contributions made by all library workers. National Bookmobile Day, which is celebrated today, recognizes contribu-tions of our Nation’s bookmobiles and the dedicated professionals who make quality bookmobile outreach possible in their communities. Tomorrow is Take Action for Librar-ies Day, which is a national library ad-vocacy effort. Mr. Speaker, this year marks the 60th anniversary of National Library Week. In the mid-1950s, research showed that Americans were spending less on books and more on radios and tele-vision and musical instruments. Con-cerned that Americans were reading less, the American Library Association and the American Book Publishers formed a nonprofit citizens organiza-tion called the National Book Com-mittee in 1954. b1015 The committee’s goals range from encouraging people to read in their in-creasing leisure time to improving in-come and health and developing a strong and happy family life. In 1957, the committee developed a plan for National Library Week based on the idea that, once people were mo-tivated to read, they would support and use libraries. With the cooperation of the American Library Association and with the help of the Advertising Coun-cil, the first National Library Week was observed in 1958 with a theme ‘‘Wake Up and Read.’’ National Library Week was observed again in 1959, and the American Li-brary Association Council voted to continue the annual celebration. When the National Book Committee dis-banded in 1974, the American Library Association assumed full sponsorship. Today, it is an annual celebration, marking six decades this year. The 2018 honorary chair, Misty Copeland, is not only a best-selling au-thor, but she is also the principal danc-er at the American Ballet Theatre, making her the first African-American woman to ever be promoted to that po-sition in the company’s 75-year his-tory. Misty’s passion is giving back, and she has worked with many charitable organizations and is dedicated to giv-ing of her time to work with and men-tor young boys and girls. It is clear that she is an excellent role model for our youth and a strong supporter of li-braries. Mr. Speaker, libraries have always been great equalizers in our society. Our libraries promote knowledge as a power and ensure that it is within reach of every American, regardless of their personal life circumstances. From the magnificent Library of Congress to small-town community li-braries, I wish everyone a happy Na-tional Library Week. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. WILLIE J. HAGAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) for 5 min-utes. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Dr. Willie J. Hagan, who is retiring after a storied career as an educator and, most re-cently, served as president of the Cali-fornia State University Dominguez Hills, which is in California’s 44th Con-gressional District. I am also proud that he is able to join us today in this Chamber. Dr. Hagan began his career at the University of Connecticut, where he earned a Ph.D. in psychology before moving to southern California to be-come the vice president of administra-tion at Cal State Fullerton. During his time there, he somehow found time to earn a master of fine arts in screenwriting from UCLA and also to write a screenplay. During his tenure at Cal State Dominguez Hills, Dr. Hagan worked tirelessly to advance the goals of the university by providing quality edu-cation, scholarship opportunities, and services that have been truly trans-formative. Under Dr. Hagan’s leadership, Cal State Dominguez Hills experienced continuous growth in graduation rates, enrollment, tenure-track faculty ap-pointments, and enhanced student services, while bringing distinction to the university. Dr. Hagan led an un-wavering commitment to students’ success, which promoted highly impactful student-focused initiatives. Dr. Hagan is a well-respected and ad-mired educator who has demonstrated his commitment to the advancement of higher education and community growth. Mr. Speaker, I wish Dr. Hagan the best of luck in his future endeavors, which I am sure will include spending time with his wife, Betty, who is also an educator. PATROL THE RIO GRANDE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, na-tional security is border security. Re-cently, I visited my friend Congress-man C
UELLAR ’s hometown of Laredo, Texas, on the Texas-Mexico border. Being from Texas, I have been to the border about 20 times since I have been elected to Congress. The border is actu-ally the middle of the Rio Grande River, not the shoreline. I toured the river with our Border Patrol, Texas State law enforcement officers, and the National Guard. It is a long border. From El Paso to Browns-ville, Texas, it is about 900 miles—a river border. Laredo is right in the southern border of Texas. Standing on the United States side of the border near Laredo, I looked across straight into Mexico. A seemingly in-nocent stark-white water plant peeked out over the thick brush. Looking clos-er, a figure appeared, having a radio and binoculars in his hand. Why? He was waiting for the Border Patrol to pass; ready to send a ‘‘go’’ signal to an-other group of illegals waiting to rush across the Rio Grande River. The drug cartels, Mr. Speaker, con-trol border crossings, whether they are smuggling drugs, people, or criminals. The cartels have an advanced system in place, a sophisticated criminal net-work. They have scouts on both sides of the border with cell phones and sur-veillance equipment. They have stash houses on both sides of the border where they hide drugs and people so they can move them closer inland to America. Everyone pays to cross. In the La-redo sector, the violent Los Zetas car-tel is in control. No one crosses into the United States without their per-mission. The cartels, the Zetas, for ex-ample, hide in the bushes, ready to stop anyone who tries to cross without their permission and without paying the money. How much it costs depends on where the person is from. But every-one pays, whether a person is from Central America, China, or Mexico. Make no mistake about it: the car-tels are the ones that make money off of illegals crossing into the United States. President Trump has authorized State Governors to use the National Guard to help secure and protect the borders. Our Border Patrol agents do the best they can to apprehend illegal crossers, but they are outmanned, outgunned, and outfinanced. Tech-nology helps, but there is far too little of it. The cameras operating in the Laredo sector are from the 1990s. A cell phone camera is better than the cameras that they have. We need to have high-tech cameras along the entire border. Cam-eras help spot illegals as they slip over the river and through the tangled brush on both sides of the river. The National Guard will take over monitoring these cameras, monitoring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.004 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3102 April 11, 2018 
sensor activations, conducting surveil-lance on skyboxes or other observation posts, and operating vehicles. This will free up law enforcement resources to patrol the border and make arrests. We must have a mix of both physical and virtual barriers on the Texas-Mex-ico border. For example, Laredo needs about 30 more camera towers to actu-ally secure the border. Border Patrol needs to see the illegals and adjust manpower needed for the threat. The United States needs to prevent people from crossing into the United States in the first place by having boats in the Rio Grande River. Remem-ber, the center of the river is the inter-national border, not the shoreline in the United States. Once a person crosses and they are on the shore, they are in the United States. They are not on the border. Boats from Customs and Border Patrol, the State of Texas, and the Coast Guard should patrol the bor-der. I have traveled the Rio Grande River with Texas law enforcement, and where there is a boat present, illegals do not cross. Our longtime policy was to let people cross into the United States, then apprehend as many as we could and send a few back to their native country. That philosophy needs to change by keeping illegals, drugs, and gangs from crossing in the first place. Patrol the river. Also, we must use more aerostats. Those are small blimps that have cam-eras that look 20 miles in each direc-tion. We must further use the new high-tech fiberoptic lines that run under the shoreline that detect any movement crossing that line, whether it is human, whether it is an animal, whether it is an airplane, whether it is a tunnel beneath or even a bullet. Our Border Patrol agents are on the front lines and the number of agents is dwindling. There are more officers in the city of New York than there are in the entire Border Patrol. There is no doubt the National Guard deployment will be a welcome relief for our Border Patrol agents. The greatest country on Earth, Mr. Speaker, must have the moral will to stop illegal entry into the United States. We must address America’s bor-der security because it is a national se-curity issue. Secure America first. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
QUESTIONS OF WAR SHOULD BE BROUGHT BEFORE CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, once again, I rise because I love my country. I love what it stands for. I love the concept of government of the people, by the people, for the people. And, Mr. Speaker, because I believe in this and because I believe in the Constitution of the United States of America, I rise to announce that I do not approve of nor do I support of the notion that we should have war by Twitter, that we should announce that we are going to war with a tweet. I dis-approve. I do not support it. Questions of war should be brought before the Congress of the United States of America for our input, our debate, and our vote. It is easy to say what you would do when you don’t have to vote to do it. I believe Congress has a responsibility, a duty, and an ob-ligation to stand up in times like these and make our positions known on ques-tions of war and peace. This is the Congress of the United States of America. This is our responsi-bility, and, Mr. Speaker, I am having my staff, as I speak now, tweet out my opposition to that tweet. I want to make sure the people that read Twitter are aware of my position. I don’t know what others will do, but I know this: I am making my demand that Congress have this opportunity to have input. And, Mr. Speaker, because I love my country, because I love the Constitu-tion, I believe that, if this President should fire Mr. Mueller, Mr. Speaker, he should be impeached. Whether he will be or not is a question to be de-cided in the House of Representatives, but I can guarantee you this: there will be articles of impeachment if he fires Mr. Mueller. Whether someone else will bring them or not, I do not know. But if no one else does, there will be arti-cles of impeachment because I will bring them. I love my country. I am not going to watch this President decimate the Con-stitution. I love my country. We didn’t act when he fired Comey. We should act if he fires Mueller, and I plan to take that action. I say this in closing: We have seen, under this President, a deterioration of respect for the rule of law. This coun-try is great because no one is above the law. Are we now going to allow the President to be beyond justice? This is a moment in time, a crucial, critical moment in time for every per-son to determine whether they are going to be the true patriots that we claim to be. This is our moment. Let us stand up for the Constitution and the American people. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
HONORING THE SESQUICENTEN-NIAL OF THE ESTABLISHMENT OF CONNECTICUT’S NAVY IN-STALLATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today, April 11, 2018, is a special day in south-eastern Connecticut. It marks the 150th anniversary of when the State of Connecticut and the city of New Lon-don conveyed a deed of gift to the U.S. Navy that today still stands as the Naval Submarine Base New London, which has had a glorious, distinguished career in terms of our national defense. Again, on that date in 1867, when the deed was signed and given to Gideon Welles, who was the Secretary of the Navy at the time, himself a native of the State of Connecticut, Glastonbury, Connecticut, it was the result, again, of an effort by one of my predecessors, Congressman Augustus Brandegee, who got an authorization and an appropria-tion through the Naval Appropriations bill in 1867 that set up this conveyance. Congressman Brandegee was a distin-guished Member of this body. He was a strong supporter of abolition. He voted in favor of the 13th Amendment, and he was somebody who was a frequent friend of President Lincoln at the time. They rode horseback together in the morning, and he was a very strong ally of the President. After that deed of gift was signed, the Navy base was a coaling station that provided a way station for Navy ships in New England waters to again get refueled. It also was a place that Civil War Navy ships were stored in the wake of that conflict. Again, fast-forward to 1915. That is when the Navy actually designated that base as a submarine base. It was a timely event because, very shortly thereafter, with the U.S. involvement in World War I where U-boat activity, obviously, was the driving force for why the U.S. got into that conflict, the submarine base in New London became a critical part of our effort in terms of that conflict. Moving forward, even from 1915 when the first G-boat subs arrived at the Navy base in World War II, as Admiral Nimitz, who headed up our efforts par-ticularly in the South Pacific, stated frequently in the wake of Pearl Harbor: It was, in fact, the submarine force that really held the line against the Japanese onslaught that took place in that area. The Groton base was a site where a lot of the submarines that were part of that conflict actually took on that struggle; again, tragic and catastrophic losses. Nonetheless, I think most histo-rians, particularly in the Pacific re-gion, will affirm it was, in fact, the submarine force that was critical in terms of holding the line, particularly in 1942 and early 1943. After World War II, the Groton base played another huge role in our na-tional defense with the development of the nuclear Navy. Admiral Hyman Rickover developed the USS Nautilus, which was launched in the 1950s. That all took place in Groton and New Lon-don, Connecticut. Electric Boat was the shipyard where the Nautilus was built. Today, our submarine force is com-pletely nuclear powered. We have 15 at-tack submarines at the Groton-New London base which are doing impor-tant work both in the European the-ater, in terms of Putin’s much more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.008 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3103 April 11, 2018 
aggressive naval resurgent activities, as well as other combatant commands around the world. So the wisdom of my predecessor, and certainly the State of Connecticut, to site a Navy base—a submarine base—now, today, in a place that is very strategic in terms of critical re-gions of the world is still paying impor-tant dividends for our national defense. As I am standing here today, there is a ceremony that is taking place to commemorate Congressman Brandegee’s vision, Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles’ participation, and all the great service that has taken place in the wake of that historic mo-ment. So to all of you up in the State and to all of the 10,000 sailors that serve at the Groton Navy Base today, I thank you for keeping this incredible legacy and important future mission alive be-cause our national defense depends on it. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 31 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Chaplain Scott Foust, U.S. Air Force, Arlington Cemetery, Arlington, Vir-ginia, offered the following prayer: Gracious Lord, when King David of old faced a seemingly insurmountable mountain of problems to solve, ques-tions to answer, and obstacles to over-come, he uttered a brief yet powerful prayer: ‘‘Hear my cry for help, my King and my God, for to You I pray.’’ Similarly, after our very first Presi-dent and Commander in Chief took his very first oath of office, he must have felt the weight of the daunting task be-fore him, so he went off script and ut-tered a brief yet powerful prayer: ‘‘So help me God.’’ I can only begin to imagine the weight of care and the gravity of con-cern that this body carries, day after day, publicly and privately. With that in mind, before this session begins, we pause to acknowledge our utter de-pendence upon You, O God, and we humbly echo that powerful sentiment with this brief prayer: Help us, Lord. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. H
IGGINS ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. HIGGINS of New York led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING CHAPLAIN SCOTT FOUST The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Chaplain Scott Foust for his opening prayer and message this morning. Scott resides in Virginia’s First Dis-trict and serves as an Air Force chap-lain at Arlington National Cemetery. He has answered the call to serve by helping Air Force families lay loved ones to rest at Arlington National Cemetery, both through coordinating funeral arrangements and providing grief counseling. He served as a pastor for 12 years before receiving a direct commission in 2007. God calls on us to serve Him in many ways, and I commend Chaplain Foust on his service to our Nation, our air-men, and their families. I pray for Christ’s guidance as the House con-venes and we try to do His will in serv-ing the American people. May God always bless Chaplain Foust and his family as they continue to spread Christ’s Word and remain a light within the community. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. THANKING GEORGE ELLIS FOR DEDICATED SERVICE TO PENN-SYLVANIA (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Mr. George Ellis for his dedicated service to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. At the end of March, George retired as the executive director of the Appa-lachian Region Independent Power Pro-ducers Association. He served in the role since 2015. The organization has accomplished much during that time, and a lot of credit goes to George for his dedicated efforts and service. George started his career in 1974 as a staff member, and shortly thereafter, became executive director of the House of Representatives’ Mines and Energy Management Committee. In 1982, George accepted the position of executive vice president of govern-ment affairs with the Keystone Bitu-minous Coal Association, which in 1988 became the PA Coal Mining Associa-tion. In 1996, George was appointed presi-dent of the Pennsylvania Coal Associa-tion before joining ARIPPA in 2015. Mr. Speaker, George Ellis has been a highly respected resource in the Penn-sylvania coal industry, and his knowl-edge and dedication are unparalleled. He has had a long and outstanding ca-reer, and I wish him the best in his well-deserved retirement. f 
STUDENTS ARE UNITED IN THEIR FIGHT TO GET WEAPONS OF WAR OFF OUR STREETS (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, 8 weeks ago, a lone gunman entered the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, and in just 6 minutes, killed 17 students and staff and injured 17 others: 1 shoot-er, 6 minutes, 17 dead, and 17 injured. In the weeks since, I have stood alongside students at the March for Our Lives in Buffalo, New York, sat down and listened to students from schools across western New York, and participated in a town hall panel dis-cussion by Students for Action. These students are respectful of the Second Amendment and of those good, law-abiding citizens of gun ownership. Congress can learn from the thought-ful, reasoned, respectful, and pas-sionate approach demonstrated by each of the students I have encountered. They have come from diverse cultural and socioeconomic backgrounds and different communities, rural, suburban and urban, but they are unified in their fight to get weapons of war off our streets and to end mass school shoot-ings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.007 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3104 April 11, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, we can come together to save lives. 
f 
COMMENDING SERGEANTS CHARLES JEFFERS AND GERALD ‘‘JAKE’’ STOFKO (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the careers of Sergeants Charles Jeffers and Gerald ‘‘Jake’’ Stofko of the Johnstown Police De-partment. Sergeant Jeffers valiantly served the Johnstown community for 48 years, forging a legacy of bravery in public service. Sergeant Stofko’s 25-year-long career with the Johnstown Police Department is one marked by excellence and dedi-cation. Spending the majority of his career working the midnight shift, the Johnstown residents could sleep sound-ly knowing that Sergeant Stofko was on watch. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank and congratulate these brave officers for their combined 73 years of service and commitment to protecting the people of Johnstown. I wish them both the best as they move forward into the next chapter of their lives. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX GIVEAWAY INCREASES DEBT BY $2.1 TRILLION (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the Congressional Budget Of-fice revealed that the Republican tax giveaway to corporations and the wealthiest Americans will increase our debt by $2.1 trillion. Over the next 10 years, our debt will equal 105 percent of our gross domestic product, according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. And the Republicans’ idea to close this gigantic increase in the deficit is to make massive cuts to Medicare, So-cial Security, and Medicaid. They want seniors to sacrifice their retirement se-curity and their dignity in order to pay for a Republican tax giveaway. President Trump’s budget for fiscal year 2019 cuts $500 billion from Medi-care, $1.4 trillion from Medicaid, and $72 billion from Social Security dis-ability insurance, and that still isn’t enough to balance the budget. So they will, of course, continue to propose cuts to education, veterans, working people, and other critical resources for families across America. This is shameless. The American peo-ple are going to see right through this. A gigantic tax cut for the richest peo-ple in this country, the most powerful corporations, and now the Republicans are trying to make seniors pay for it by cuts to Medicare, Social Security, and Medicaid. Shame on them. MONTANA IS BENEFITING FROM THE TAX CUTS (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to let colleagues know that the tax cuts are working in Montana. For the last 2 weeks, I met with hard-working Montanans who are benefiting from tax cuts. Owners of the Billings Flying Service are investing in new equipment, as well as more research and development. Workers at the UPS facility in Mis-soula are receiving expanded benefits and more money in their paychecks. The owner of KFC restaurants throughout Montana gave employees a raise, boosted starting wages, and plans renovations for many of its fa-cilities. Owners at Loenbro in Great Falls are increasing benefits and investing in new equipment. A farmer near Bozeman plans to dou-ble his food processing staff from 6 to 12. Mr. Speaker, the tax cuts are work-ing in Montana and throughout the country. They are leading to job cre-ation, bigger paychecks, greater in-vestment, higher wages, and economic growth. We must remain focused on policies to encourage growth, opti-mism, and the American Dream. f 
THE FARM BILL MUST PROTECT NUTRITION PROGRAMS (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, every day, over 162,000 people in my county of Mecklenburg are considered food inse-cure. Worse, 47,000 of those are children who risk going to bed hungry every night. No one should have to wonder where their next meal will come from. In 2015, I founded the Adams Hunger Initiative to bring together a coalition of advocates in Mecklenburg to end hunger in our community. For over 3 years, we fought to protect important anti-hunger programs like SNAP, expand public-private partner-ships, and find creative ways to the systemic issues that leave families hungry. The coalition will visit Capitol Hill to continue advocating for our prior-ities. During National Nutrition Month, we sent a letter to the chairman and rank-ing member of the House Agriculture Committee urging protection for SNAP benefits in the upcoming farm bill. Thirty-five thousand households in Mecklenburg and 20.3 million nation-wide rely on SNAP to put food on their family’s table. As Congress considers the next farm bill, we must protect nutrition pro-grams for those who need them most and ensure that no one in Mecklenburg or in America goes hungry. f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR EQUAL PAY DAY (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in strong support of Equal Pay Day. The Equal Pay Act became law more than 50 years ago, and today women comprise almost half of the American workforce. They serve in our hospitals, schools, and our factories. They are ex-ecutives at major corporations. They are doctors, they are lawyers, and they serve in countless other occupations that make our economy one of the greatest in the world. Yet, women are still disadvantaged by the gender wage gap. They are com-pensated at only 80 cents for every dol-lar earned by a man. This must not continue. It is unjust, it prevents a fair and productive econ-omy, and is something that we need to close, this gap. Closing the wage gap is an economic imperative. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 11, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 11, 2018, at 10:56 a.m.: That the Senate agreed to S. Res. 455. Relative to the death of the Honorable Daniel K. Akaka, former United States Sen-ator for the State of Hawaii. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
b1215 ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CER-TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 814 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be, and is hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committee of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY : Mr. Rothfus. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.010 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3105 April 11, 2018 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4790, VOLCKER RULE REGULATORY HARMONIZATION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 811 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 811 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 4790) to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System sole rule-making authority, to exclude community banks from the requirements of the Volcker rule, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services now print-ed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-67 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Finan-cial Services; and (2) one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. (a) It shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of April 12, 2018, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules, as though under clause 1 of rule XV, relating to the joint res-olution (H.J. Res. 2) proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States. Debate on such a motion shall be extended to four hours. (b) The Chair may postpone further consideration of a mo-tion considered pursuant to subsection (a) to such time as may be designated by the Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Colorado is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and the under-lying legislation. The rule makes in order one bill re-ported favorably by the Committee on Financial Services. The committee held several hearings on the topics within this bill in the spring of 2017. Additionally, it was marked up in committee, and a Democrat amend-ment in the nature of a substitute was adopted by voice. The bill was reported by a strong, bipartisan vote of 50–10. The rule makes in order no amend-ments to the bill. Why? Because there were none offered. Additionally, the rule provides the opportunity for this House to consider a balanced budget amendment and more than quadruples the time for de-bate on the floor than it would other-wise be provided. Mr. Speaker, once again, I have the opportunity to come down to the floor and manage debate for a Financial Services bill. Thinking of the process that I just referenced a moment ago, one thing routinely strikes me: so many of these Financial Services bills are overwhelmingly bipartisan within the Committee on Financial Services. There always seems to be a common theme and political rhetoric that Re-publicans are shills for the banking in-dustry. Setting a rebuttal to that aside for now, the underlying bill before us contains a wholly bipartisan piece of legislation. That a committee run by Repub-licans would have a process whereby we bring to the floor a major piece of re-form legislation offered by both a Re-publican and a Democrat is a real tes-tament to the fact that this House can work. I commend Chairman HEN-
SARLING for running the committee in such a way. Mr. Speaker, our small town and community banks are a much bigger part of our lives than many may real-ize. Often here in Washington, we get caught up in big players in industry. We talk about Wall Street and Silicon Valley. We speak of countries and international relations. However, all across this great land, Americans in small, medium, and large communities go about their business and conduct their day-to-day affairs without any of the issues that consume Washington touching their lives. Most Americans just simply want Washington to leave them in peace, to allow them to live their lives without politics and government intruding at every step. This Financial Services bill before us speaks to those concerns. This is legislation for Main Streets all across this Nation. Mr. Speaker, there are nearly 6,000 community banks across this country with 52,000 locations. These banks are the backbone of our communities’ fi-nances. Collectively, they hold more than $3.2 trillion in loans to con-sumers. They provide nearly 50 percent of all small business loans and nearly 80 percent of all agriculture loans. How is it that they claim such a huge portion of loans within our commu-nities? It is simple. They are also part of the community that they serve, and they extend credit based on personal knowledge of their neighbors and their local economy. But they are more than just organi-zations that lend and offer banking services. They are small businesses that employ more than 750,000 Ameri-cans. Clearly, community banks are key partners in our communities. They are particularly important lenders in rural towns and counties, such as the ones I represent in eastern Colorado. Former Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen summed it best when she said: ‘‘We know that community banks serve many customers that large banks do not and provide services that are not offered by large banks in many com-munities. This circumstance is espe-cially true in rural areas and other small communities, where community banks are sometimes the only retail fi-nancial institutions.’’ However, even with their importance to Americans, they have borne the brunt of regulation under Dodd-Frank. Each new regulation drives up costs and forces personnel resources to be di-verted to compliance efforts. Even if a particular institution is not ultimately subject to a rule, it must spend re-sources on each new regulation re-leased to verify whether any part of its operations are impacted or not. These costs place a drain on oper-ations which consumes resources that otherwise would be used for growth. The Federal Reserve Board recently released data that showed that small bank lending in rural areas had de-clined by 46 percent since 2005. Accord-ing to the Independent Community Bankers of America, a 2014 survey of community banks revealed that 78 per-cent of banks reported adding per-sonnel just to deal with increased regu-lation. By consuming resources that could otherwise be placed into serving cus-tomers and increasing lending, commu-nity banks are many times forced to consolidate just to remain alive. Today, there are 1,700 fewer commu-nity banks than there were in 2010. As of May 2017, only three new banks were formed since the financial crisis. It is clear that our community banks are suffering under an unbearable regu-latory burden. And when our commu-nity banks suffer, our small towns and rural communities suffer also. The underlying bill before us today exempts community banks from yet another regulation that lumps small institutions with big banks. The Volcker rule was implemented by Dodd-Frank. It was intended to keep banks from engaging in a practice known as proprietary trading. Propri-etary trading is a practice where a fi-nancial institution such as a bank uses its own finances to buy and sell stocks and other investments so as to make a profit for itself. Because of their importance to each individual American, but also to our broader economy, we should consider carefully how we allow financial insti-tutions to operate. However, the real 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.014 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3106 April 11, 2018 
impact of the Volcker rule on commu-nity banks has served to undermine in-vestment options in our smaller com-munities. All across this country, particularly in rural communities, entrepreneurs, farmers, and others sell their equity or bonds in order to raise capital to grow and expand. However, if community banks were prohibited from buying these financial instruments, then the sellers would have to find buyers on their own. That is a highly impractical situation. Under the Volcker rule, an entre-preneur cannot approach their commu-nity bank and offer to sell a portion of their equity to the bank. Why? Because Dodd-Frank prohibits the banks from making its own investments. What sense does this make? Where is the en-trepreneur supposed to go to find a buyer for their equity? Are they sup-posed to go door-to-door looking for someone who might want to invest? That is nonsense. Community banks play a vital role in purchasing these financial instruments and holding them until the bank is ap-proached by a willing buyer. Or maybe the bank holds them for a brief period as they know they have a customer who is searching for this type of invest-ment. Either way, this is not an evil prac-tice that we should prohibit. The com-munity bank’s actions are making a marketplace for these investment transactions, and this should be en-couraged. It increases access to capital for small businesses and farms in our communities. But it is not just on the selling side of the equation that this practice bene-fits. It also benefits the buying side of the equation. Many Americans have in-vested a portion of their retirement savings in pension funds, mutual funds, or similar types of investments. These funds need for their investments to be liquid so as to meet demands for cash from the people who have chosen to save their money in the funds. These funds often place these cash in-vestments into smaller financial insti-tutions through purchasing the stocks or bonds that these banks own. The banks allow these larger funds to pur-chase the bank’s assets and also to sell back to the bank the same assets when the funds need cash. This isn’t a shady practice. This is an extraordinarily important practice and benefits every single American who has saved or is saving money in a pension or other retirement account. The Volcker rule prohibits this activ-ity. Washington, in its typically arro-gant way, decided that it knew better than Americans and banned this under Dodd-Frank. On December 10, 2013, the five—I re-peat, the five—separate agencies tasked with writing and enforcing this regulation released a final regulation that is 932 pages long and contains nearly 300,000 words. That is astounding. What small town community bank can, on top of all of the other regulations heaped upon them, carve out the necessary re-sources to comply with such a burden? When we had this bill at Rules Com-mittee yesterday, one of my colleagues on the committee related a story of visiting one of his community banks. He indicated that it was a fairly small bank. The owner of the bank walked him into the back operations office and pointed to 14 staff members working. All of them were working exclusively on complying with regulations. That is 14 people not serving customers, or seeking new depositors, or helping the community grow. What a sad state to which we have arrived. Washington heaps, and heaps, and heaps burdens on the backs of Ameri-cans day in and day out. Technocrats make it harder and harder to achieve success in this land. We are still a land of opportunity, but that gift is threatened daily by our bureaucracy. Endless regulation of every meaningful detail of our lives is antithetical to the American way. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1230 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to this closed rule and to the un-derlying legislation. Quite frankly, I had hoped that, when we returned from our Easter break, we would be debating and voting on legislation that would help people. I had hoped that maybe we would be able to finally help the hun-dreds of thousands of Dreamers whose lives are now in limbo because of Presi-dent Trump’s decision to end DACA and that we would be able to pass a bill called the Dream Act to actually pro-vide them some peace of mind. But, no, we don’t see that on the schedule. I had also hoped that maybe we would do something to address the epi-demic of gun violence in this country. Millions of young people all across the country have been protesting in front of congressional offices and have been holding rallies demanding that Con-gress debate the issue of gun violence and do something. No, we are not doing that. Instead, what we are doing is another bill to help the financial services in-dustries, and in that effort, we are doing something that I think is going to make consumer protections less rel-evant. This week, again, the Repub-lican leadership of this House is ignor-ing the most pressing issues facing our country and our constituents in favor of more legislation to roll back finan-cial protections put into place to pre-vent another financial crisis. Need I remind my friends on the other side of the aisle how damaging the 2008 financial crash was? Millions upon millions of Americans—our con-stituents, Mr. Speaker—lost their homes, and they lost their jobs and their life savings. Many of these fami-lies have still not fully recovered from these terrible financial blows. In response, Democrats in Congress came together to pass the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Pro-tection Act, landmark legislation to address risk in our financial system and ensure our constituents are pro-tected from another damaging finan-cial crisis. Dodd-Frank isn’t perfect. Nobody in this Congress says it is. But I strongly object to the calculated campaign by Republicans in this House to continue to chip away at the law, making our fi-nancial markets more vulnerable just to benefit their billionaire donors. One of the key provisions of Dodd- Frank is the Volcker rule. It prohibits banks from engaging in risky trading activities that contributed to the 2008 financial crisis. Simply put, it prevents banks from acting like casinos and gambling with our money. The rule we are considering today provides for consideration of H.R. 4790, legislation to undermine the Volcker rule by exempting certain banks from the requirements. The bill also puts rulemaking authority solely in the hands of the Federal Reserve, making it easier for the Trump administration to further weaken or eventually repeal this vital consumer protection. Now, that is, of course, the goal of my Republican colleagues in the first place. They have continually advanced legislation to roll back and weaken the rules put into place to prevent another financial crisis. It is deeply frustrating, and more importantly, it is very dan-gerous to the financial security of the American economy and American fam-ilies. Now, Mr. Speaker, this rule also pro-vides for additional debate time on the Republican majority’s misguided bal-anced budget amendment, H.J. Res. 2. Normally, when legislation of this magnitude is debated, the leadership of this House brings it through the Rules Committee to set the terms of debate and to allow for alternative proposals to be offered and debated. This will be the seventh time a balanced budget amendment has been voted on in the House. In the past, it has generally been considered under a structured rule granting many hours of general debate, making in order substitute amend-ments, and providing the minority with a motion to recommit. But as they did in 2011, Republicans will once again bring this legislation to the floor under suspension of the rules, pro-viding no opportunity—none—for Mem-bers of the majority or the minority to offer any substitute amendments. Now, why does this matter, Mr. Speaker? It matters because this legis-lation, the so-called balanced budget amendment, could do irreparable harm 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.016 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3107 April 11, 2018 
to our economy. It would hinder Con-gress’ ability to respond appropriately to an economic crisis and could poten-tially even create one. It could even re-quire Congress to cut funding for safe-ty net programs that millions of our constituents rely on, programs like So-cial Security, Medicare, Medicaid, SNAP—which is the Supplemental Nu-trition Assistance Program—Supple-mental Security Income, and veterans’ pensions. We owe it to our constituents to have a full and open debate on this legisla-tion, to hear from experts and to thoughtfully consider alternatives. But this Republican majority didn’t even take the time to hold a hearing or a markup on H.J. Res. 2. They are rush-ing it to the floor under suspension of the rules with no opportunity for us to consider any alternative proposals whatsoever. We are talking about amending the Constitution of the United States. Why in the world would we want to use such a flawed process on such an important issue? Mr. Speaker, because maybe this isn’t a serious effort in the first place. My Republican friends know this awful legislation will never become law. So why are we wasting the House’s time on this effort? I have a simple an-swer: to appease the far-right wing of the Republican Party in an election year and to give the impression that these guys, these Republicans, are somehow fiscally responsible. You don’t have to take my word for it. Republican Representative C
HARLIE  D
ENTof Pennsylvania confirmed in the press this week that this is merely a messaging vote. If you think this is cynical, consider for a moment the im-petus of bringing this legislation to the floor. Press reports indicate that Speaker R
YANagreed to a vote on the balanced budget amendment in exchange for votes to advance the Republican tax scam. Can you believe that? Speaker R
YAN, the leader of this House, is ad-vancing legislation that could do irrep-arable harm to our economy and our safety net just so he could jam through his precious tax giveaway to corpora-tions and wealthy donors last Decem-ber. Let me remind everyone just how terrible the tax scam Republicans rammed through Congress really is: It raises taxes on 68 million middle class families to give 83 percent of the tax cuts included in the bill to the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans. It gives a $1.3 trillion tax rate break to the largest corporations in this country and rewards these same cor-porations for shipping jobs overseas. Here is the other part: it explodes the deficit by $2 trillion, jeopardizing the future of Medicare and Medicaid. But this balanced budget amendment is supposed to trick people into believ-ing Republicans still care about fiscal responsibility. It really is disheart-ening. There is a pattern here, Mr. Speaker. At every turn, House Republicans favor the well-off and well-connected while ignoring the needs of those in the mid-dle class and working class and cer-tainly turning their backs on those struggling in poverty. I meet with constituents in my dis-trict every day. Quite frankly, they don’t ask what we are doing to repeal Dodd-Frank. They certainly don’t ask us to ransack Social Security and cut Medicare to give tax breaks to big cor-porations. They want better jobs and they want better wages. They want us to fix our crumbling infrastructure in their com-munities and to invest in education. They want us to protect our water and air from pollution. They made it clear to us last month, when over 1 million young people took to the streets across this country, that they want action on legislation to protect our communities from the plague of gun violence. But the Republican leadership is ig-noring this call, and it is ignoring any call for progress in favor of legislation to help the wealthy and well-connected donor class. I get it. They need all this money for reelection. But the price is being paid by the American people. They are get-ting legislation that is not in their best interest but is in the best interest of a few wealthy donors. It is reckless and it is wrong. Over 56 percent of the legislation that we have considered in the Rules Committee this year—that is over half—has been bills to roll back regulations on Wall Street and the financial industry. I don’t see millions of people protesting in the street to give Wall Street a bigger break. I don’t hear the voices being raised all across this country to say: ‘‘Let’s make the rich even richer. Let’s do more to give corporations tax breaks.’’ I don’t hear that, and yet that is what the focus of this Congress has been about. By the way, the vast majority of these bills to help the well-connected and the well-off haven’t even gone through regular order. This whole proc-ess has been a joke. The legislation we are set to consider later this week is no exception. I urge my colleagues to oppose this restrictive rule, to oppose efforts to weaken the Volcker rule, and to oppose the balanced budget amendment when it is considered later this week. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I have no speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the hypocrisy of the Re-publican majority is on full display today. After passing a $1.5 trillion tax scam bill that showers all the benefits on the wealthy and very rich corpora-tions, we are now going to consider an amendment to the Constitution to bal-ance the Federal budget on the backs of hardworking Americans by evis-cerating social safety net programs. According to the AARP, this bal-anced budget amendment could subject Social Security and Medicare to deep cuts without regard to the impact on the health and financial security of our most vulnerable citizens. Mr. Speaker, a balanced budget amendment would put the pillars of our social safety net at risk. If you don’t believe me, again, maybe you will listen to our friends at the AARP. They said, this week, in a letter: ‘‘A balanced budget amendment would likely harm Social Security and Medi-care, subjecting both programs to po-tentially deep cuts without regard to the impact on the health and financial security of individuals.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the AARP’s letter. 
AARP, April 9, 2018. D
EARMEMBER : AARP is writing to express our opposition to a balanced budget amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States. AARP is the nation’s largest non-profit, nonpartisan organization dedicated to empowering Americans 50 and older to choose how they live as they age. With near-ly 38 million members and offices in every state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, AARP works to strengthen communities and advocate for what matters most to families with a focus on health security, financial stability and personal fulfillment. A balanced budget amendment would like-ly harm Social Security and Medicare, sub-jecting both programs to potentially deep cuts without regard to the impact on the health and financial security of individuals. It would also likely diminish the resources available for programs assisting Americans who are least able to provide for them-selves—services such as meals or heating for those who are too poor or physically unable to take care of their basic needs without some support. A balanced budget amendment would pro-hibit outlays for a fiscal year from exceeding total receipts for that fiscal year. It would impose a constitutional cap on all spending that is equivalent to the revenues raised in any given year. Because revenues fluctuate based on many factors, spending would, out of necessity fluctuate as well under a bal-anced budget amendment. Consequently, So-cial Security and Medicare benefits would also fluctuate, potentially subjecting each to sudden or deep cuts. Social Security and Medicare would therefore cease to provide a predictable source of financial and health se-curity in retirement under a balanced budget amendment. The lack of a dependable Social Security and Medicare benefit would be devastating for millions of Americans. Social Security is currently the principal source of income for half of older American households receiving benefits, and roughly one in five households depend on Social Security benefits for nearly all (90 percent or more) of their income. Over 50 million Americans depend on Medicare, half of whom have incomes of less than $24,150. Even small fluctuations in premiums and cost sharing would have a significant impact on the personal finances of older and disabled Americans. Individuals who have contributed their en-tire working lives to earn a predictable ben-efit during their retirement would find that their retirement income and health care out of pocket costs would vary significantly year-to-year, making planning difficult and peace of mind impossible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.017 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3108 April 11, 2018 
It is particularly inappropriate to subject Social Security to a balanced budget amend-ment given that Social Security is an off- budget program that is separately funded through its own revenue stream, including significant trust fund reserves to finance benefits. Imposing a cap on Social Security outlays is unjustifiable, especially when the Social Security trust funds ran a surplus for decades—reducing the past need for addi-tional government borrowing from the pub-lic—and resulted in a public debt that is less today than what it otherwise would have been. Older Americans truly understand that budgets matter and that we all need to live within our means. However, they also under-stand that budgets affect real people; and they certainly understand the difference be-tween programs to which they have contrib-uted and earned over the course of a lifetime of work, and those they have not. AARP op-poses the adoption of a balanced budget amendment that puts Social Security and Medicare at risk. If you have any questions, please have your staff contact Joyce A. Rog-ers, SVP, Government Affairs office. Sincerely, N
ANCY LEAMOND, Executive Vice President and Chief Advocacy and Engagement Officer. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, this uncertainty could devastate the nearly half of older American households whose principal incomes come from So-cial Security or the over 50 million Americans who depend on Medicare. Even small cuts to Social Security checks or increases to Medicare pre-miums could impact the finances of older Americans and disabled Ameri-cans. Now, the same week that the Con-gressional Budget Office predicts this Republican majority and their tax scam bill will lead to the return of tril-lion-dollar deficits, we will consider a balanced budget amendment that has been subject to no hearings and no markups. Even for this record-breaking closed Republican Congress, to attempt to amend our Constitution for only the 28th time in our Nation’s history in this manner, quite frankly, is stun-ning. Mr. Speaker, I am going to ask that my colleagues vote ‘‘no’’ on the pre-vious question. If we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule which would amend the bill to exempt Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, vital pillars of our social safety net. I would just say to my Republican friends on the other side of the aisle who go home to their constituents and regularly talk about how great Social Security is, how great Medicare is, and how important Medicaid is, if you real-ly believe it, you are going to vote to defeat the previous question so we can offer this amendment. I ask unanimous consent, Mr. Speak-er, to insert the text of my amendment in the R
ECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Massachu-setts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today we are seeing that the GOP tax scam is one long con. Last year, they gave away trillions of dollars to the very wealthiest Ameri-cans and the largest corporations while bragging about letting an extra $1.50 trickle down to hardworking public school employees. It is clear what they really intended. It was a setup. Who is going to take the fall? Sen-iors, the disabled, children, and those who are sick. The GOP tax scam exploded the def-icit by nearly $2 trillion, and now this balanced budget constitutional amend-ment is laying the groundwork for an attack on Medicare, on Medicaid, and on Social Security. Now we are considering a constitu-tional amendment, a change to our Na-tion’s founding document. For all of the pocket Constitution wagging from the GOP, in light of their recent ac-tion, this amendment amounts to little more than a political farce. If the GOP wanted a balanced budget, they should propose one. Instead, President Trump’s budgets have threatened the poorest Americans with the biggest cuts—slashing $500 bil-lion from Medicare, $1.4 trillion from Medicaid, and $72 billion from Social Security disability—and it still doesn’t balance. This week, the Congressional Budget Office released the devastating impact of the GOP tax scam. Fiscal year 2018 deficits will increase by $139 billion to a total of $804 billion. Republicans have put our national debt on track to eclipse the size of our economy by 2028. Let me say that again. Our national debt, because of these reckless policies, will put our debt on track to eclipse the size of our economy. b1245 The idea that the GOP tax scam would pay for itself has been exposed as a lie. Now we know what is at risk to help pay for these handouts to billion-aires and large corporations: our sen-iors, disabled Americans, children, and those who are sick. Over 55 million Americans rely on Medicare. More than 67 million Ameri-cans depend on Social Security. These programs represent the bedrock of the secure retirement that is too often challenged by high prices at the doctor and pharmacy. Social Security is al-ready off budget. It never has added a penny to the deficit. Mr. Speaker, this balanced budget amendment would threaten the 120,000 retirees, over 13,000 disabled workers, and more than 5,000 kids in my home district who are depending upon this Congress to keep their promise to not cut their hard-earned benefits. Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid are more than just the most successful and popular government programs to ever exist; they are solemn promises that we make to one another as Americans. This constitutional amendment would break those promises, and it would put the hard-earned Social Security and Medicare benefits of tens of millions of Americans at risk. I urge my colleagues to vote no on the previous question so that we can protect the promise that we made to vulnerable Americans by exempting Social Security, Medicare, and Med-icaid from the balanced budget amend-ment. Our constituents deserve noth-ing less than our standing up for them, for the promise that we have made to them, and for those who depend upon these vital programs. The way we can do that is to vote no on the previous question and pass legislation that will enable us to do exactly that. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the Republican major-ity is attempting to amend the United States Constitution with a bill that has had no hearing, no markup, and will be considered without any oppor-tunity to offer amendments or even a motion to recommit. We have only amended the Constitu-tion 27 times in our Nation’s history. Why isn’t the Republican leadership treating this with the seriousness that it deserves? Maybe because even con-servative members of their own party know that this vote is a charade. In a Politico article titled ‘‘Conserv-atives irate over GOP spending hypoc-risy,’’ Freedom Caucus Chairman M
ARK M
EADOWS said: ‘‘There is no one on Capitol Hill, and certainly no one on Main Street, that will take this vote seriously.’’ I couldn’t agree more. Republicans just added almost $2 trillion to the def-icit with their tax cut for billionaires. As the president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget said in the same article: ‘‘This reads as, ‘Give us something to hide behind,’ rather than a serious process proposal.’’ But we are here because Republican leadership is trying to check a box, as the Club for Growth put it, in hopes that people will forget their tax scam giveaway. And no wonder why Con-gress’ approval rating is at just 15 per-cent. This is a dangerous gimmick that my Republican colleagues are pushing. If this is successful, it will lead to major cuts to Social Security, to Medi-care, and to Medicaid. We need to take that seriously, and we need to stop it. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  this Politico article titled ‘‘Conserv-atives irate over GOP’s spending hy-pocrisy.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP7.005 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3109 April 11, 2018 
[From POLITICO, Apr. 10, 2018] C
ONSERVATIVES IRATE OVERGOP’ SSPENDING  H
YPOCRISY  (By Rachael Bade and Sarah Ferris) House Republican leaders, stung by Presi-dent Donald Trump’s rebuke of Congress’ re-cent trillion-dollar spending spree, are mov-ing to give their rank and file cover by pass-ing a balanced budget amendment this week. But many conservatives, including a good number of House Republicans, say the vote is insincere at best—and blatantly hypocritical at worst. ‘‘There is no one on Capitol Hill, and cer-tainly no one on Main Street, that will take this vote seriously,’’ said Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R–N.C.), on the heels of a $1.3 trillion spending package that Republicans approved just last month. ‘‘Leadership is just trying to check a box here,’’ added Andrew Roth, vice president for government affairs at the Club for Growth. ‘‘I don’t see how voters can distinguish be-tween Republicans and Democrats when it comes to spending.’’ One conservative commentator, Barbara Boland, equated the upcoming exercise to ‘‘gorging on a sumptuous feast while insist-ing that you want a svelte physique.’’ And other members of the House Freedom Cau-cus, all of whom voted against a $1.3 trillion spending package in late March, are calling it little more than a charade. ‘‘The time to get spending under control was four weeks ago,’’ said Rep. Jim Jordan (R–Ohio), again referring to the late-March spending vote. ‘‘Coming back four weeks later and saying, ‘Oh, now we’re going to pound our chest like Tarzan and say we’re for a balanced budget amendment,’ it’s not going to fool anybody.’’ Jordan and Meadows support the balanced budget amendment as a marker for fiscal austerity—it’s the timing of the vote, on the heels of the spending bonanza, that rankles them and other conservatives. The proposal requires supermajorities in both chambers to pass, as well as ratification by three-quarters of the states, an impos-sible hurdle. But with Republicans swim-ming in red ink—the nonpartisan Congres-sional Budget Office projected regular tril-lion-dollar annual deficits starting in 2020, despite a growing economy—the party feels pressure to do something. The CBO’s deficit forecast hasn’t been that bleak since the Great Recession. And this time, Republicans can’t blame Barack Obama and the Democrats. Rather, it’s a result of a combination of GOP-approved bills: tax cuts that CBO now expects to add $1.9 trillion to the deficit over 10 years; a newly passed bipartisan deal to raise strict spending caps by $320 billion for two years; and a recent $100 billion infusion of cash into emergency disaster coffers—al-most entirely unpaid for. The balanced budget amendment has been a staple of the GOP playbook going back at least to Newt Gingrich’s 1994 Contract with America. It often resurfaces after major spending battles that leave conservatives feeling jilted. The last vote, for instance, fol-lowed the 2011 debt ceiling crisis, when Re-publicans were anxious about the national debt, which now tops $20 trillion. Republicans are returning to it two weeks after Trump chided Congress for wasting money in the omnibus spending deal—a scolding that came as the president backed away from a threatened veto and signed it. ‘‘I will never sign another bill like this again,’’ Trump vowed, adding that ‘‘there are a lot of things I’m unhappy about’’ with it. His remarks, GOP lawmakers and aides say, effectively threw every Republican who backed the bipartisan deal under the bus at a time when the party already faces an up-hill battle retaining its majority this fall. Hill Republicans were shocked because White House staff members were in the room negotiating the budget deal with the top four leaders in both chambers. They had reas-sured some skittish Republicans that it was OK to take the vote because Trump would have their backs. When they returned home afterward for the spring recess, some Republicans caught flak from constituents, which in turn sent GOP leaders into damage-control mode. ‘‘This reads as, ‘Give us something to hide behind,’ rather than a serious process pro-posal,’’ said Maya MacGuineas, president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, who said she’d believe the sincerity of the effort when Republicans propose a budget with actual spending cuts. Not all fiscal hawks are scorning the ef-fort. Republican Study Committee Chairman Mark Walker (R–N.C.), who asked for a vote on a balanced budget amendment in October, applauded the looming vote—even as he ac-knowledged the uncomfortable timing for the GOP. Walker argued that it’s consistent for Republicans to back the amendment after voting for the omnibus, because of the need to fund the military. Walker added, though, that most members pushing hard for deficit-reduction votes right now personally opposed the spending bill, as he did. ‘‘We don’t see this as a show vote. We need this. It’s something that we’ve been talking about for years,’’ Walker said Tuesday. The balanced budget amendment is one of several measures GOP leaders might bring to the floor in the coming weeks to signal their commitment to lower spending. The effort is being led by House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R–Calif.), who is working with the White House to try to force a vote on a ‘‘rescissions’’ package that would cut bil-lions of dollars from the just-approved omni-bus legislation. It’s still unclear whether the House will take up the measure, which GOP aides say could cut as much as $20 billion. House ap-propriators hate the idea, and some more pragmatic-minded Republicans argue it would cripple bipartisan spending negotia-tions in the future. Republicans clinched the amount they got for defense only because they gave Demo-crats some money for their own pet projects. A move to recoup money retroactively would infuriate Democrats—even though GOP lead-ers fully expect it would fail in the Senate. GOP leaders similarly expect the balanced budget amendment to fail this week in the House. It requires 290 votes for passage; the last time lawmakers voted on one, in 2011, it failed 261–165, with 25 Democrats backing the bill. Speaker Paul Ryan was one of only four Republicans to oppose the measure at the time. It is unclear whether he will do so again this year. He said the proposal before the House then could have led to higher taxes to pay for more spending. A balanced budget amendment would tightly restrict federal spending and require two-thirds of lawmakers to approve any tax changes. Critics argue it would trigger hun-dreds of billions of dollars in across-the- board cuts. Ironically, a balanced budget amendment would have potentially prevented the GOP Congress’ biggest legislative achievement this year: tax reform. With the amendment, Republicans could not have enacted tax cuts that weren’t paid for; these ones were not. The GOP also probably couldn’t have gotten the huge budget increase for the Pentagon that was included in the omnibus. In the Senate, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R–Ky.) suggested Tuesday that he might follow suit on a balanced budget amendment vote. He said a vote is ‘‘likely . . . at some point.’’ Democrats are blasting Republicans for what House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer called a ‘‘political stunt.’’ The Maryland Democrat on Tuesday said Republicans are ‘‘worried’’ about the midterm elections and ‘‘they’re flailing about.’’ ‘‘It sounds to me very much,’’ he said, ‘‘like they’re . . . saying one thing and doing another, speaking out of both sides of their mouth.’’ 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Congressman J IM J
ORDAN of Ohio, again another Free-dom Caucus member, said on the bal-anced budget amendment: ‘‘The time to get spending under control was 4 weeks ago. Coming back 4 weeks later and saying, ‘Oh, now we’re going to pound our chest like Tarzan and say we’re for a balanced budget amend-ment,’ it’s not going to fool anybody.’’ I would argue that the time to get spending under control was when Re-publicans exploded the deficit with their tax cut for billionaires. I agree with Mr. J
ORDAN on this: A sham vote like that isn’t going to fool anybody. Mr. Speaker, while I think everybody knows that what is going to happen on this balanced budget amendment is really show business, I think it is im-portant to stress that it really under-lines the values of my friends on the Republican side and what they think is important and what they believe is im-portant to protect. As I said, if this or anything like what they are proposing ever became the law of the land, pro-grams like Social Security, like Medi-care, and like Medicaid would be at risk. There are no provisions in their draft to protect these programs that so many millions of Americans rely on. And again, this is not surprising be-cause we have seen over the years their attempts to privatize Social Security, their attempts to privatize Medicare, their attempts to undermine Medicaid, their constant attacks on programs like SNAP. This is nothing new. Mr. Speaker, I just want to close by saying to my Republican friends that there are some things worth defending, and programs like Social Security and programs like Medicare are worth de-fending. They are worth fighting for. And I want to make it clear that, on the Democratic side, any Republican attempts to undermine, to weaken, to undercut Social Security or Medicare, we will fight you. We will fight you with every ounce of energy and strength that we have because these programs are important. They are im-portant to our values, but more impor-tantly, they are important to our con-stituents. With that, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question and ‘‘no’’ on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Before us we have a rule that makes in order an important change to the banking laws. We have seen what hap-pens when arduous regulations are re-moved from the backs of Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP7.006 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3110 April 11, 2018 
Our economy is booming, growth is strong, even stronger than many ex-pected it would be at this point. The Volcker rule, passed under Dodd- Frank, is a solution in search of a prob-lem. Our community banks should not have to bear the weight of this over-arching regulation. Our small town and rural lenders are active members of our communities. They participate in im-proving our lives in many ways, even beyond lending. They sponsor little league teams. They are boosters for the local high school. They counsel small businessmen and women. They con-tribute to our churches and charitable organizations. They offer help to needy neighbors. We should actively seek policies that free them to do their jobs. That is what the underlying bill does. It exempts them from a regulation that has frozen in place their ability to invest in local startups and farming operations. We should exempt them from this burden-some regulation. I hope this House will follow in the steps of the Financial Services Com-mittee and approve this bill in an over-whelming bipartisan fashion. I urge support of the rule and the underlying legislation. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 811 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  In section 2(a), insert ‘‘as amended by the amendment specified in section 3 of this res-olution’’ after ‘‘United States’’. At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘Sec. 3. The amendment referred to in sec-tion 2(a) of this resolution is as follows: ‘After section 7, insert the following sec-tion (and redesignate the subsequent section accordingly): 
SECTION 8. EXEMPTION OF SOCIAL SECURITY, MEDICARE, AND MEDICAID FROM FEDERAL BALANCED BUDGET RE-QUIREMENT 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the following programs and any outlays resulting therefrom shall be exempt from any Federal balanced budget requirement: (1) All Social Security benefits payable under title II of the Social Security Act. (2) Payments under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. (3) Payments to States under the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act.’’’. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 53 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1340 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. LAMBORN ) at 1 o’clock and 40 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 811; Adoption of House Resolution 811, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4790, VOLCKER RULE REGU-LATORY HARMONIZATION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 811) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4790) to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System sole rulemaking author-ity, to exclude community banks from the requirements of the Volcker rule, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 231, nays 186, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 133] YEAS—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.021 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3111 April 11, 2018 
Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—11 
Bishop (GA) Black Ca´rdenas Castor (FL) Frankel (FL) Gosar Issa Moore Shea-Porter Simpson Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1405 Mr. LIPINSKI changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 133. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 230, noes 184, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 134] AYES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP7.007 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3112 April 11, 2018 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bishop (GA) Brady (TX) Castor (FL) Frankel (FL) Gosar Hudson Issa Moore Peters Rohrabacher Shea-Porter Simpson Walden Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1415 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CER-TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 816 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be and is hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Rep-resentatives: (1) C
OMMITTEE ON RULES .—Mrs. Torres. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STRESS TEST IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 780, I call up the bill (H.R. 4293) to reform the Com-prehensive Capital Analysis and Re-view process, the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test process, and for other pur-poses, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
ATKO ). Pursuant to House Resolution 780, in lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115– 63, modified by the amendment printed in part B of House Report 115–600, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 4293 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stress Test Im-provement Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. CCAR AND DFAST REFORMS. 
Section 165(i) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5365(i)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B)(i)— (i) by striking ‘‘3 different’’ and inserting ‘‘2 different’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, adverse,’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) CCAR 
REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) L
IMITATION ON QUALITATIVE CAPITAL  
PLANNING OBJECTIONS .—In carrying out CCAR, the Board of Governors may not object to a com-pany’s capital plan on the basis of qualitative deficiencies in the company’s capital planning process. ‘‘(ii) CCAR 
DEFINED .—For purposes of this subparagraph and subparagraph (E), the term ‘CCAR’ means the Comprehensive Capital Anal-ysis and Review established by the Board of Governors.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘semi-annual’’ and inserting ‘‘annual’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘3 dif-ferent sets of conditions, including baseline, ad-verse,’’ and inserting ‘‘2 different sets of condi-tions, including baseline’’. 
SEC. 3. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
The amendments made by this Act may not be construed to prohibit an appropriate Federal banking agency (as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813)) from— (1) ensuring the safety and soundness of an entity regulated by such an appropriate Federal banking agency; and (2) ensuring compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and supervisory policies, and the following of appropriate guidance, by an entity regulated by such an appropriate Federal bank-ing agency. 
SEC. 4. REDUCTION OF SURPLUS FUNDS OF FED-ERAL RESERVE BANKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(a)(3)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 289(a)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$7,500,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$7,480,000,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (a) shall take effect on June 1, 2018. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ), and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in very strong support of H.R. 4293, the Stress Test Improvement Act of 2017. I want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), who is a real work-horse on the Financial Services Com-mittee and a real leader in trying to ensure that we have affordable credit for our constituents so that they can achieve the American Dream. In his legislation, he will bring clarity and reasonableness to the stress test re-gime. Currently, as we know, banks face two separate, legally mandated stress tests: the CCAR and the DFAST. To-gether, these two programs constitute one of the greatest expansions of the Federal Reserve’s supervisory powers in recent history. But what is impor-tant to note, Mr. Speaker, is that, in addition to these mandated stress tests, banks conduct stress tests every single week on one asset class or an-other. It is important to know how banks can withstand tough, stormy financial weather, but this was taking place even prior to either DFAST or CCAR. What has happened now, Mr. Speaker, is these particular tests are incredibly onerous to the point where the reports are not just measured in pages, they are measured in pounds, and it is doubtful that anyone actually reads them. Then, to compound the challenge, Mr. Speaker, the Federal Reserve’s stress tests have become kind of a cat- and-mouse exercise in which the Fed staff and compliance officers attempt to outwit each other in a game that has no rules and no transparency. In other words, it is a secret test. Nobody really knows what is on it. It is dif-ficult for Congress, it is difficult for our markets, and it is difficult for the public to even assess whether or not these tests are effective. Mr. Speaker, it is very important to note, if you don’t know what is on the test, how can you adhere to the rule of law if you don’t know what the law is? And so something really needs to change here. Now, it is fortunate that yesterday the Federal Reserve finally took action to begin to simplify and refine the CCAR stress testing regime. Recog-nizing the opacity of the stress test re-gime, Federal Reserve Vice Chairman for Supervision Randy Quarles said in a statement: ‘‘Our regulatory measures are most effective when they are as simple and transparent as possible.’’ I couldn’t agree more, as does the gen-tleman from New York as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP7.008 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3113 April 11, 2018 
Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, this par-ticular proposal is somewhat modest in its attempt to simplify the process. It does follow the results of a review un-dertaken by former Fed Chair Yellen, which found a need to reduce the bur-den resulting from stress testing re-quirements. Almost everybody agrees with that, especially on our smaller fi-nancial institutions. So that is one more reason why this is needed. I am glad the Federal Reserve recog-nizes the need to reform the stress test regime because, again, it contributes to a climate of legal and regulatory un-certainty when the rule of law is so critical to the foundation of our soci-ety and it is so critical to economic growth. But in light of the Fed’s announce-ment yesterday, it is also important to point out what the Fed did can easily be undone next week, next month, or next year. That is why it is critical that Congress has to make improve-ments in the stress testing regime per-manent, especially for the CCAR proc-ess, which is not—I repeat, not—a cre-ation of statute. The gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) has come up again with just the right bill, H.R. 4293, and it will help provide a commonsense, and, oh, by the way, bipartisan reform that will inject badly needed accountability, trans-parency, and targeted relief to reduce legal and regulatory uncertainty for fi-nancial institutions. Why is this important, Mr. Speaker? At the end of the day, it is not really the banks that are the subject of these regulations. At the end of the day, it is their customers. And what this com-mittee and what this House has to do is ensure that there is affordable and available credit to help fund people’s American Dreams. I heard from a gentleman by the name of John in my district from Mes-quite, Texas. He said: 
Credit helped me obtain my first home, and 13 years later, I am still in it. It has helped us grow from one child, when we moved in, to four. We ran into some bad times, but I was able to withstand it all with the help of the available credit lines that I had at the time. Without the credit, it would have been nearly impossible to still be where me and my family are today. 
That is why it is so important, Mr. Speaker. People need credit to pay their bills, to buy their homes, to pay for their car repairs; and all of these regulations, the regulatory onslaught that has been taking place for almost a decade, makes that credit less avail-able and more expensive. It shrinks the American Dream, and we can’t allow that to happen on our watch, Mr. Speaker. That is why it is so important that we bring some rationality to the stress test so that, hopefully, people like John in Mesquite can continue to get that line of credit. Mr. Speaker, that is why it is so important that we all vote for H.R. 4293 today. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose H.R. 4293, the Stress Test Improvement Act, which is designed to line Wall Street’s pockets by weakening a critical tool to prevent a future financial crisis. Bank stress tests are a forward-look-ing tool where a hypothetical scenario or two are tested, such as, how would a megabank fare if a major recession oc-curred next year with unemployment and foreclosures going way up? These tests, incredibly, are very helpful to see if banks might need to maintain more capital to help buffer against such a scenario. b1430 These are similar to crash tests for cars where a manufacturer runs their cars through crash test simulations to see if passengers will remain safe in various kinds of crashes. Such testing provides valuable insights regarding what design adjustments might be needed to ensure the car is as safe as possible. So let us take a look at how this safeguard developed. When President Obama took office, his administration inherited an economy in free fall with about 800,000 jobs lost that very month. Many wondered how many more finan-cial firms might fail. So Treasury Sec-retary Geithner worked with the Fed-eral Reserve, and together they de-signed the Supervisory Capital Assess-ment Program. These stress tests checked how resil-ient the largest banks were if, in fact, the economy continued to deteriorate. Results were published, and we learned that 10 of the 19 participating firms were collectively about $75 billion short of the required capital ratios. These tests provided criminal trans-parency to the market, thereby ena-bling the banks to begin recapitalizing themselves with new funds from inves-tors who themselves had renewed con-fidence in the banking industry. Following this success, Congress de-cided to mandate these stress tests to be regularly required of the Nation’s largest banks in Dodd-Frank. This would ensure banks and their regu-lators remained vigilant, especially when times were good, so that they could spot problems much earlier and take corrective action. The Federal Reserve implemented these Dodd-Frank stress tests along-side their Comprehensive Capital Anal-ysis and Review, known as CCAR, which added a capital planning compo-nent to the tests. According to credit rating agencies and financial analysts, these stress tests, along with Dodd-Frank’s other enhanced prudential requirements of the largest banks, have made our fi-nancial system much safer. Now, let me give you some numbers. Since 2009, the 34 largest banks have increased their capital by $750 billion, bringing the industry’s total capital buffer to nearly $2 trillion today. That is $750 billion in more high-quality funding that banks can safely lend and invest, which helps explain why busi-ness lending has also increased almost 80 percent the last 8 years. But H.R. 4293, this bill, would under-mine all of that and proposes three changes that megabanks like Wells Fargo would love to see. First, the bill would eliminate the adverse scenario from Fed-run stress tests. But like in car crash tests today, multiple sce-narios can help ensure an institution can survive a wider range of unforeseen events. Second, the bill would bar the Fed from making qualitative objections to a bank’s capital plan. Even the Federal Reserve led by President Trump’s ap-pointees issued a lengthy proposal yes-terday altering some of the stress test-ing rules, and their proposal maintains their ability to make qualitative objec-tions. So there is no basis for Congress to unilaterally make it harder for regu-lators to ensure megabanks are well run and capitalized. Third, the bill would allow Wall Street megabanks to conduct fewer company-run stress tests—annually in-stead of semiannually. But given how quickly tides can shift, routine, semi-annual testing can better identify problems before they grow into larger problems. As a former Federal Reserve official wrote last year: ‘‘Had stress tests as conducted now been in place before the crisis, they could have made firms more resilient to unexpected losses, and at a minimum could have given su-pervisors the ability to question banks’ continued dividend and share buybacks in the quarters leading to the height of the crisis.’’ Accordingly, I strongly urge Mem-bers to reject this rollback for Wall Street megabanks. Let me just add by saying: Why would we do this? Why would we, knowing what we went through in 2008 where we had this subprime meltdown, we went into a re-cession—almost a depression—and we discovered that the banks were under-capitalized and they could not deal with this kind of change in the econ-omy, they could not deal with the fact that something had gone wrong and be prepared to deal with it rather than us having to bail them out in the way that we did? I don’t know why we would do this now. So I would simply ask Members to ask the question: Why is it we would take away something that would make the banks safer, that would make them more stable, and that would make them able to be able to sustain despite the fact there was a crisis developing in the economy? Why would we want to take away this safety that we have built with stress testing? So, with that, Mr. Speaker, I would ask the Members to reject this roll-back for Wall Street megabanks, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.031 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3114 April 11, 2018 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), who is a hard-working member of the House Finan-cial Services Committee and the bill’s sponsor. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for all of his great leader-ship and mentorship throughout this process to get this bill to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4293, the Stress Test Improve-ment Act. It is critical bipartisan legis-lation that injects transparency, con-sistency, and fairness into the stress testing process. I especially want to thank my bipar-tisan supporter and partner on this im-portant bill, Congressman D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. Stress tests are one of the aspects of current law that are contributing to the climate of legal and regulatory un-certainty because the Federal Reserve has failed to provide the necessary transparency around this process. A stress test is a financial analysis performed internally by a financial in-stitution or done externally by a regu-lator to assess if a bank can withstand stressful economic conditions. Stress tests, when done correctly, are an im-portant way for banks and regulators to understand the ability of financial institutions to survive a contracting economy or weather a major economic storm like a recession. Ensuring that these tests are done right, with fairness and objectivity, is essential for protecting depositors and the overall financial system. That is why passing the reforms in this bill should be a priority on both sides of the aisle. Working together on a bipartisan basis, Mr. S
COTT offered an amendment to this bill that was accepted unani-mously by the members of the Finan-cial Services Committee, including the ranking member, and this bill cleared a committee markup with a bipartisan vote of 38–21. By focusing the bill on three core re-forms, we are improving this important process to protect soundness in the banking system, while also reforming the negative unintended consequences and damaging overreach of Dodd- Frank. By striking the adverse scenario re-quirement from stress testing, these important tests can actually focus on real-world conditions to protect finan-cial institutions and the customers they serve from threats to the stability of the financial system. By repealing the ability of the Fed-eral Reserve to reject a company’s cap-ital plan based solely on a qualitative stress test, we are making the process more transparent and fair. This legislation ends the ability of regulators to arbitrarily reject a finan-cial institution’s capital plan without feedback or constructive criticism. These secretive rejections by regu-lators have done little to protect con-sumers and inserted more, not less, un-certainty into the financial system. By eliminating the midcycle review and shifting from biannual to annual stress testing requirements, we are lessening the compliance tax that has raised the cost of lending and hurt con-sumers who have lost access to the small business loans or mortgages that help finance their American Dream. Without needed reform, rather than ensuring financial stability, the Fed-eral Reserve’s stress tests are likely missing real risks while constraining the competitive flow of financial serv-ices that is critical to increasing eco-nomic opportunity. While a valuable resource, stress test results may be creating a false sense of security, while at the same time sow-ing the seeds of financial instability. In order to succeed, a stress test must build from an accurate forecast of the next macroeconomic storm, and even the best forecasts tend to be wrong. The Stress Test Improvement Act will make stress testing more effective by making the rules more transparent and fair. We are not gutting standards but making them work for the real world. This bill is a bipartisan team ef-fort to accomplish these goals. Without transparency about what the stress testing rules are, there is no way to ensure the government plays by the rules. By subjecting financial institu-tions to a questionable regime that lacks accountability and transparency, regulators are failing to achieve the important goals that they are tasked with: ensuring safety and soundness. With the critical reforms in this leg-islation, we are upholding sensible standards for financial institutions, while clarifying the requirements for and the frequency of stress tests. To the hardworking men and women in my district and nationwide, it is common sense that banks ought to know the standards and tests their reg-ulators are subjecting them to. By in-jecting some transparency and consist-ency into the stress testing regime, we are taking needed capital off the side-lines so it can be invested in the pri-vate economy to create jobs and wealth. I want to thank Chairmen H
EN-
SARLING and L UETKEMEYER for their leadership on this important issue. I also want to thank my Democratic partner on this important bill, D
AVID S
COTT. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, when it comes to bank regulation, the job of the regulator is to balance the need for economic growth with the safety and soundness of the financial system. With fresh memories of the most re-cent financial crisis, it is natural for regulators to err on the side of being overly cautious so they aren’t blamed when something goes wrong. Unfortunately, this has led to a situ-ation in which regulators are evalu-ating stress tests based on subjective and unclear standards. The stress tests are opaque; it is like asking banks to kick a field goal when they don’t even know where the goal posts are. What is more, the regulators keep ratcheting up the standards. For the stress tests to achieve their goal, however—the goal of keeping the financial system safe and sound—they need to be transparent and they need to be fair. H.R. 4293, a bill with bipartisan sup-port, would approve the stress testing process for bank holding companies by repealing the ability of regulators to reject a financial institution’s stress test based on subjective and opaque standards. Another important improvement to the process would be the elimination of the overly burdensome midcycle review by shifting from biannual to annual stress testing requirements. These reforms would make it easier for Congress, the markets, and the pub-lic to assess both the integrity of the findings of the stress tests and the ef-fectiveness of the Fed’s regulatory oversight. Some critics, nonetheless, have claimed that this bill would weaken Dodd-Frank. On the contrary, H.R. 4293 would improve the flawed standards of Dodd-Frank and strengthen the stress testing process to ensure that it pro-duces the results we seek: a safer and more stable financial system. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from New York, LEEZELDIN , and Con-gressman D
AVID SCOTT for supporting this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, I raise the ques-tion of why are we considering a bill that would reduce the amount of scru-tiny that we have with this stress test-ing from the biggest banks in America, when, in fact, we know that this stress testing was created because of the problems that we were faced with in 2008? We learned an awful lot about what we should not do and what we should change in order never to be in the posi-tion again where we have to bail out all of these big banks. b1445 We are simply saying: Banks, you have to be tested. You have to have a stress test to see if you can withstand the difficulty that will be presented if, in fact, the economy gets in trouble. It is as simple as that. Do you have enough capital? Are you organized in such a way that you won’t go under, that you won’t create a prob-lem in our economy because of the size of your bank if you get in trouble? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.033 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3115 April 11, 2018 
So I would simply ask our Members to reject this bill because this bill is not needed. It is simply a way by which to comply with the megabanks’ request to not have to do the work that is nec-essary to prove that they are safe. And I don’t know why we would do that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ), another hardworking member of the House Fi-nancial Services Committee. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4293, the Stress Test Improvement Act, bipartisan legisla-tion by my great colleague, the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). We keep hearing about megabanks, but all banks affect industries, small businesses, and large businesses. So every time we adjust the marketplace and we make more regulations, you also impact small businesses as well, and our ability to survive. As the owner of a small business, this affects me as well. But stress testing is an important tool that can encourage the safety and soundness of an individual depository institution and the overall health of the banking system, including all banks, across all sizes and sectors. However, the Federal Reserve has im-plemented its stress testing in a man-ner that imposes unnecessary burdens without providing proportionate bene-fits. This is especially true for smaller institutions for which the cost of this exercise is disproportionately burden-some. It can also affect larger banks. H.R. 4293 would fix the tests so they can properly show smarter ways to strengthen a financial institution’s planning. This legislation improves the Federal Reserve’s stress testing proc-esses mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act by requiring a select group of banks, or bank holding companies, to conduct in-ternal, company-run stress tests once a year rather than semiannually. I want to thank Mr. Z
ELDIN again for sponsoring this, as always, a bipartisan piece of legislation. And it is impor-tant to note that, if we are going to re-duce regulations and burdensome fees and procedures on companies, it has to be across all sectors, not just one. And I think this legislation shows that and shows the sponsor’s willingness to do that. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legis-lation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share with Members a Communications Workers of America letter to us on H.R. 4293. And they state: H.R. 4293 would un-dermine the effectiveness of the Fed-eral Reserve’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review—that is, CCAR— stress test. Specifically, the bill would prohibit the Federal Reserve from ob-jecting to a capital plan on the basis of qualitative reasons; such as, the rea-sonableness of the assumptions and analysis underlying the plan. The bill would also cut the frequency of CCAR tests in half, taking away tools and re-ducing the amount of information available to the Federal Reserve about bank health and is a fundamentally bad idea. Really, it is basically what we have been saying. We have been saying that this would reduce the stress tests from semiannually to an annual test. Why would you want to have less scrutiny of these banks? Why would you want to reduce the amount of time that they would have relative to being able to prove that they are safe? Also, I think it is very important what is being said here about the Fed and the Fed’s ability to basically re-view, on the basis of qualitative rea-sons, such as reasonableness and of as-sumptions and analyses underlying the plan. So they are looking to see if these banks are well capitalized, if these banks can withstand, again, problems in our economy that would arise that could create unemployment and all kinds of other adverse conditions. So I would ask the Members to op-pose this bill. This is just another de-regulation bill for the biggest banks in America. We should not be doing that because these are the banks that, if they are undercapitalized, if they don’t have what is needed to withstand prob-lems in our society that could arise in the economy, it could cause us to go into another recession, even a depres-sion perhaps. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), the chairman of our Financial Services Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the recognition and the author of this legislation, Mr. Z
ELDIN , for his leadership on the Stress Test Improvement Act, which I strongly support. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Reserve ad-ministers two stress tests that they be-lieve analyze the ability of U.S. firms to weather various forms of economic turbulence. While the Fed failed to sound the alarm prior to the last finan-cial crisis, the thought is that, with these tests, one of which was instituted by the Dodd-Frank financial control law in the aftermath of the financial crisis, the Fed can prevent or at least mitigate the severity of the next crisis. I believe that stress tests can be very productive and useful, but there is such a thing as overkill. When a relatively healthy patient goes to the doctor, the doctor typically doesn’t say: And you need to go to another doctor, and you need to come see me again every month. That is really not required. It adds costs, it is redundant, it is dupli-cative, and it doesn’t materially ben-efit the patient in terms of better health outcomes. The analogy applies to banks. Stress testing is good, but overkill is costly, and it costs the financial system and doesn’t materially add to financial sta-bility. Certainly there is merit to stress testing, but there is no doubt that the cloud of secrecy surrounding these tests confounds the ability of fi-nancial firms to correctly identify sys-temic risks, to take corrective action, to chart a more sustainable or profit-able path for the future. As a result, fi-nancial firms, many of them banks, are left trying to anticipate these Fed models, wasting valuable time and re-sources that could be used to actually address risks that threaten our econ-omy. So this environment of regulatory uncertainty actually, I would argue, undermines financial stability because it distracts from the mission of the in-stitution, and it certainly is costly in terms of driving up costs and taking away access to capital for productive activities that actually strengthen the economy. For these reasons, I am a proud supporter of this bill, which is a great first step to clean up some of the regulatory uncertainties surrounding these tests. The bill does a few things. First, it reduces the frequency of the required company-run stress tests to once per year. One is enough to identify risks, instead of two. Second, it eliminates one of the supervisory scenarios that must be run, leaving just two, again eliminating redundancy and super-fluous, costly activities. Finally, it prohibits the Federal Reserve from ob-jecting to a bank holding company’s capital plan based on unknown quali-tative reasons. These institutions need to know what the Fed is looking for in order to satisfy the stress testing that is ap-plied to them. Again, I applaud Con-gressman ZELDIN and Chairman H EN-
SARLING for their hard work on this commonsense regulatory improvement bill. It is not deregulation. It is better regulation. It is more effective regula-tion to not only unleash greater cap-ital under the economy but actually enhance financial stability. For those reasons, Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the American economy and for financial stability, I urge my col-leagues to vote for the Stress Test Im-provement Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know what this overkill argument is all about. This is about deregulation. The banks, these megabanks, don’t need any more de-regulation or help from Congress. In 2016, the industry made record-break-ing profits, more than $170 billion in profits. The Republicans gave the eight largest Wall Street banks a $15 billion windfall from their tax scam bill. And CEOs are making more money on Wall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.036 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3116 April 11, 2018 
Street, as much as they made in 2006, before they drove our economy into a massive ditch. Megabanks need reasonable but strong stress tests to keep our econ-omy safe. And I want to tell you, after Dodd-Frank reforms were put in place—and the stress test was one of the things that had to be done—the banks resisted it, but finally they came into compliance. And it took them sev-eral years, and then they did it the way that Dodd-Frank would have them do it. So there are no problems. These stress tests now are stress tests that reveal exactly what is going on in the bank. And so why are we try-ing to undo this? Why do you want to see them once a year instead of twice a year? Twice a year has proven that we can keep them straight, that we can make sure that they are well capital-ized, that we can make sure they have a good financial plan. So I would simply say, let’s not get involved in more deregulation and take us back to where we were when we got in trouble in 2008. I would ask the Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
ALAZZO ). The gentleman from Texas has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I listened very carefully to the distinguished ranking member, who observed that our banks have more capital today. And this is a good thing. To the extent that Dodd-Frank had anything to do with it, I would say congratulations to the Dodd-Frank Act. But I also noticed that, for many of us, many of our banks are still undercapitalized. And the ranking member had every opportunity to vote for the Financial CHOICE Act that would require 10 per-cent, far more capital than these banks that she is concerned about failing have today, but she rejected that. She often uses the phrase ‘‘Wall Street megabanks,’’ but it is her side of the aisle that supports a taxpayer bail-out fund for what she calls the Wall Street megabanks. That comes from our friends on that side of the aisle, Mr. Speaker; not on this side. She says we have to bail out these banks. No, we don’t have to. We don’t have to. We should support bankruptcy over bailout. And we should support high levels of capital over incredibly intru-sive Federal control, Federal control that ultimately gets resolved into less credit and more expensive credit for many of our constituents. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would add, banks have stress-tested themselves long before the appearance of Dodd- Frank. Long before the appearance of Dodd-Frank. In fact, stress tests are taking place on some group of assets at every bank in America every day. Many, many banks, particularly the larger banks, may do up to 200 stress tests a week. What the gentleman from New York is trying to do is add some level of clar-ity, sanity, and reasonableness to the federally instituted CCAR process, something that can take literally 40,000 pages—40,000 pages—can take tens of millions, if not over $100 million, to produce that could have been used to loan to our constituents to buy their home, to repair their car, to put gro-ceries on the table, to pay for their healthcare premiums. b1500 And some say, well, these tests have to be conducted semiannually. Why semiannually? What is wrong with an-nually? What is sacrosanct about semi-annually? And, oh, by the way, why are we testing for both worst-case scenario and some mid- scenario? Okay. Either you are going to sur-vive the 100-year flood or you are not. If you can survive the 100-year flood, surely you can survive the 50-year flood. So why do we need that other test? I mean, what we hear from our friends on the other side of aisle: Oh, my God, we can’t question the Federal regulators. I mean, they come from Mount Olympus. They have this great wisdom that we can never challenge them. Well, the truth is we are Article I of the Constitution, and we are the ones who make the law, and that is why we have hearings, and we listen very close-ly. We listen closely to our regulators; we listen closely to our constituents; we listen closely to market partici-pants; and then we make judgments. We make judgments. So, yes, there is a balance. There is a balance between economic opportunity and financial stability. We want there to be strong financial stability, but we also want there to be strong, strong economic opportunity for all of our constituents. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share with Members the opinions of former Chair Janet Yellen, who has stated that stress testing improves public un-derstanding of risk at large banking firms, provides a forward-looking ex-amination of firms’ potential losses, and has contributed to significant im-provement in risk management. Former Chair Ben Bernanke has praised stress testing for playing a cru-cial role in the recovery of the econ-omy and creating a more resilient postcrisis U.S. banking system. The deceptively named Stress Test Improvement Act—that is, this bill— severely weakens this key element of bank oversight and must be rejected. We cannot ignore the analyses that are being given by these former Fed Chairs. I mean, they are saying do not be tricked, do not be fooled, that this is a deceptive bill, and that stress testing must continue in order to ensure the stability of our banks in the event the economy goes awry. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT), the Demo-cratic cosponsor of this legislation and a proud member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and my distinguished ranking member, who has some very serious concerns. I want to take a moment to explain that the bill is basically my bipartisan amendment that Mr. Z
ELDIN and I worked on that passed in committee, and I think it is very important for me to work through this to explain how it will not affect as my ranking member has stated. However, I want to make sure that people know we have got things in here to address. It keeps intact the essence of what we were trying to accomplish with stress tests in Dodd-Frank. Now, my amendment essentially rewrote this bill, as I said, so that we are left with just three simple things, tweaks that we are making. The first one is, in today’s CCAR test, banks are now required to run stress tests that have, one, a baseline, adverse, and severely adverse scenario. My amendment simply removes the ad-verse requirement. And why is that? Because, in talking about how we can stimulate more growth for our banks while at the same time maintaining the proper stress test, we heard that the adverse sce-nario rarely proved or shed any light on the health of the bank that isn’t al-ready shown when testing a bank for a severely adverse scenario. So we didn’t need the other one if one is doing it, and so we eliminated that. Secondly, my amendment eliminated the Fed’s ability to reject a capital plan solely on what we refer to as the qualitative portion of the test. Now, Mr. Speaker, we did this because stress tests are tests of both the bank’s books, which is the quantitative side, and a test of the bank’s internal con-trols, which is the qualitative side. So rejecting a capital plan solely on the qualitative portion of the test gen-erates a lot of uncertainty within our banking system for banks, and it is something that the Federal regulators already, earlier last year, stopped re-quiring the banks under $250 million from having to do. So we simply re-moved that. And then, lastly, my amendment eliminated the midyear tests that banks are required to do internally. Why did we do that? Because right now, if you are a bank above a certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.037 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3117 April 11, 2018 
asset size, you are required to do inter-nal tests. My amendment just changes this so that the tests are done. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to urge my colleagues who are looking at this that I very carefully listened to my ranking mem-ber, and I have made sure, when we worked it in the process, that we ad-hered to that. No phase of this stress test is eliminated. And the thing I want to add, over in the Senate, in the reg bill, S. 2155, two of the three parts of this bill and my amendment are already captured in S. 2155, which received 67 bipartisan votes. So it is with gracious affection to my ranking member, because oftentimes we have to work together, and respect to my chairman that I urge all our Members, both Democrats and Repub-licans, to support this very important and worthwhile legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), who served as our vice chairman of the Fi-nancial Services Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. I rise to express my support for H.R. 4293, the Stress Test Improvement Act. I also want to commend my colleague Representative Z
ELDIN for his work on this important issue. Those of us who travel our districts to speak with the men and women who work at financial institutions are well aware of the high costs and lack of clarity in the stress test process. Com-panies are being forced to dedicate sub-stantial resources and immense amounts of time to go through the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review, or CCAR, and the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Tests, DFAST. I have spoken to compliance staff who reported submissions in the tens of thousands of pages. For each dollar or staffer put towards CCAR or DFAST, there are fewer resources being dedi-cated to innovation or helping cus-tomers. Of course, we all believe that stress tests can and should be useful experi-ences. Some of the information turned up in stress tests could be helpful, but we are desperately in need to enact meaningful reform to provide better transparency, clarity, and reduce undue burden. Columbia University Professor Charles Calomiris described the process as one in which ‘‘regulators punish banks for failing to meet standards that are never stated.’’ Let me repeat that: ‘‘. . . failing to meet standards that are never stated.’’ It is sort of a Kafkaesque creature of our bureauc-racy. Zeldin’s bill improves the stress test-ing process by requiring the Federal Reserve to follow regular notice-and- comment practices and issue clear reg-ulations on economic conditions and methodologies and to assess the effec-tiveness of the Fed’s models. It also al-leviates the compliance burden on firms by spacing out CCARs and DFASTs. These are targeted, reason-able reforms that can greatly improve the process. This will enhance, not hurt, financial stability and leave us with a healthier more vibrant econ-omy. Again, I urge my colleagues to sup-port the Stress Test Improvement Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman has 151⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle continue to focus on pushing through giveaways to Wall Street and megabanks like Wells Fargo that could be harmful to consumers, investors, and our Nation’s economy. Week after week, Republicans advance legislation that is basically reckless and misguided. H.R. 4293 is yet another bad bill from the Republicans that weakens critical protections put in place by Democrats to prevent another financial crisis. As we have discussed, the bill under-mines the stress test framework for our Nation’s largest banks. Stress tests are an important regulatory tool that have much improved the safety of our financial system. Mr. Speaker, when we crafted Dodd- Frank, we mandated these stress tests and put in place other enhanced pru-dential guardrails for large banks to not only prevent damage to our econ-omy, but also help grow our economy, and they are working. H.R. 4293 weak-ens the rigor and frequency of these stress tests, a move that simply makes no sense. Rather than harmful measures such as this one, Congress should be work-ing to strengthen consumer protec-tions, reform our broken system of credit reporting, provide tailored, re-sponsible relief for community banks, and ensure that recidivist megabanks are held accountable for breaking the law. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill, and I urge Members again to simply ask the question: Why, at this point in time, would we want to basically reduce the ability for us to know exactly what is going on in those banks, whether or not they are fully capitalized, whether or not they could withstand a serious problem in our economy? I don’t think that the opposite side of the aisle, my friends, could really an-swer that question because this is sim-ply a deregulatory bill for the biggest banks in America, for the megabanks, not needed, and certainly we need the information. We never want to go through a period of time like we did in 2008 where we discovered that our banks were not well capitalized and could not withstand the problems that we encountered. I simply ask all Members to oppose this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 2 minutes re-maining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Well, the ranking member poses the question, ‘‘Why?’’ I can tell you why, Mr. Speaker. It is because Therese from Waco has written: I would like to express my disappointment at being rejected for a home loan, which would cost less than the house I presently have been renting for 5 years. As a small- business owner, I run my design studio out of my home office and take every tax break that is legal to offset the taxes payable if I didn’t. 
We do it for Sherry from Eustace, who writes: 
After a divorce 4 years ago, I needed to buy a car because my car was over 10 years old. I have a checking account in my name, I have a savings account, but they did not loan me money. 
There is an onslaught of financial regulations that is costly, intrusive, burdensome, and is causing credit to be less available—less available—to the people who need it. That is why we do this, Mr. Speaker, week after week after week. We do it to make sure that our constituents can buy homes, that they can have cars. If they have tough times, if they lose a job, if they go through a painful divorce, that is why we do it, Mr. Speaker. b1515 Again, stress-tests are important. That is why banks do it themselves every single week. But the question is: How do we cali-brate this? We have used the ranking member’s prescription, and that of my friends on the other side of the aisle, and it brought us 1.6 percent economic growth. Thankfully, today, with a new Congress and with a new President, we have 3 percent economic growth, and all types of opportunities are coming. We should not listen and go back to those days. It is time to go forward to a better America with greater oppor-tunity for all Americans. That means we have to reform the stress test to en-sure that not only do we have financial stability, but we have financial oppor-tunity as well. That is the work of the gentleman from New York. Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to sup-port H.R. 4293, the Stress Test Improve-ment Act of 2017, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.038 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3118 April 11, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 780, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recom-mit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. In its current form, I am. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Maxine Waters of California moves to recommit the bill H.R. 4293 to the Com-mittee on Financial Services with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Page 2, line 7, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 2, line 14, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 2, after line 14, insert the following: (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN GSIB BAD AC -
TORS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The following shall apply to any global systemically important bank holding company and any subsidiary thereof, if such global systemically impor-tant bank holding company or any sub-sidiary thereof has engaged in a pattern or practice of unsafe or unsound banking prac-tices and other violations related to con-sumer harm: ‘‘(i) The Board of Governors shall provide for an additional adverse set of condition under paragraph (1)(B)(i) for the evaluation required by paragraph (1). ‘‘(ii) Subparagraph (C) of paragraph (1) shall not apply. ‘‘(iii) The stress tests required by para-graph (2)(A) shall be required semiannually. ‘‘(iv) In issuing regulations under para-graph (2)(C), each Federal primary financial regulatory agency shall establish methodolo-gies for the conduct of stress tests required by paragraph (2) that shall provide for an ad-ditional adverse set of condition. ‘‘(B) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this paragraph: ‘‘(i) F
EDERAL CONSUMER FINANCIAL LAW .— The term ‘Federal consumer financial law’ has the meaning given that term under sec-tion 1002 of the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481). ‘‘(ii) G
LOBAL SYSTEMICALLY IMPORTANT  
BANK HOLDING COMPANY .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘global system-ically important bank holding company’ means— ‘‘(aa) a bank holding company that has been identified by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as a global sys-temically important bank holding company pursuant to section 217.402 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations; and ‘‘(bb) a global systemically important for-eign banking organization, as defined under section 252.2 of title 12, Code of Federal Reg-ulations. ‘‘(II) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING GSIBS .—A company or organization described under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) on the date of the enactment of this Act shall be deemed a global systemically important bank holding company for purposes of this Act. ‘‘(iii) PATTERN OR PRACTICE OF UNSAFE OR  
UNSOUND BANKING PRACTICES AND OTHER VIO -
LATIONS RELATED TO CONSUMER HARM .—The term ‘pattern or practice of unsafe or un-sound banking practices and other violations related to consumer harm’ means engaging in all of the following activities, to the ex-tent each activity was discovered or oc-curred at least once in the 10 years preceding the date of the enactment of this Act: ‘‘(I) Having unsafe or unsound practices in the institution’s risk management and over-sight of the institution’s sales practices, as evidenced by— ‘‘(aa) an institution lacking an enterprise- wide sales practices oversight program that enables the institution to adequately mon-itor sales practices to prevent and detect un-safe or unsound sales practices and mitigate risks that may result from such unsafe and unsound sales practices; and ‘‘(bb) an institution lacking a comprehen-sive customer complaint monitoring process that— ‘‘(AA) enables the institution to assess cus-tomer complaint activity across the institu-tion; ‘‘(BB) adequately monitors, manages, and reports on customer complaints; and ‘‘(CC) analyzes and understands the poten-tial risks posed by the institution’s sales practices. ‘‘(II) Engaging in unsafe and unsound sales practices, as evidenced by the institution— ‘‘(aa) opening more than one million unau-thorized deposit, credit card, or other ac-counts; ‘‘(bb) performing unauthorized transfers of customer funds; and ‘‘(cc) performing unauthorized credit in-quiries for purposes of the conduct described in clause (i) or (ii). ‘‘(III) Lacking adequate oversight of third- party vendors for purposes of risk-mitiga-tion, to prevent abusive and deceptive prac-tices in the vendor’s provision of consumer products or services. ‘‘(IV) Having deficient policies and proce-dures for sharing customers’ personal identi-fiable information with third-party vendors for litigation purposes that led to inad-vertent disclosure of such information to un-intended parties. ‘‘(V) Violating Federal consumer financial laws with respect to mortgage loans, includ-ing charges of hidden fees and unauthorized or improper disclosures tied to home mort-gage loan modifications. ‘‘(VI) Engaging in unsafe or unsound bank-ing practices related to residential mortgage loan servicing and foreclosure processing. ‘‘(VII) Violating the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act.’’. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing be waived. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amend-ment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately pro-ceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, we have talked at length about how H.R. 4293 is a bill for Wall Street megabanks to line their pockets while reducing safeguards that better protect the Main Street econ-omy from another financial crisis. While I deeply disagree with the bill’s approach, I offer this motion to recom-mit, not in a manner that sends the bill to the committee and kills the bill, but rather to attempt to improve the bill before the House votes on final pas-sage of the measure. We all know megabanks have been given a free ride in Washington for far too long when it comes to repeated, egregious offenses. They just get a fine—the equivalent of a slap on the wrist—for harming consumers. Since 2010, megabanks have racked up over $160 billion worth of fines, yet they keep breaking the law. We have talked about Wells Fargo’s growing list of illegal actions that have harmed millions of consumers. Sure they have been fined, but these fines, even $1 billion in fines, are just the cost of doing business for a company that made over $22 billion in profit in 2017. This soft enforcement approach is just increasing their operational risk and losses, which, at the end of the day, will impact not only all of their consumers, but the broader economy as well. I hope Republicans and Democrats can all agree that any megabank that engages in a pattern or practice of un-safe or unsound banking practices and other egregious violations that has re-sulted in profound consumer harm in the last 10 years is not entitled to any benefit of regulatory relief provided under this bill, especially regulatory relief that would eliminate the type of oversight that makes sure our econ-omy stays safe. So my amendment would exclude a megabank like Wells Fargo that has fraudulently opened millions of accounts without their cus-tomers’ consent, enrolled consumers in life insurance policies without their consent, and forced nearly 1 million Americans to purchase auto insurance they didn’t need. Since 2016, I have been calling for Wells Fargo to face real penalties. I in-troduced H.R. 3937, the Megabank Ac-countability and Consequences Act, to compel the Federal bank regulators to fully utilize existing authorities to stop megabanks from repeatedly flout-ing the law and harming millions of consumers. So I was glad to see Janet Yellen, on her last day at the Fed, take bold action to cap the bank’s size until it cleans up its act. We must do more to send a strong message to all megabanks that there will be real consequences for their bad actions that mislead, abuse, or deceive its customers. H.R. 4293, in its current form, would send the opposite message to recidivist megabanks and undermine the hard work we have done since the 2007–2009 financial crisis. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt this motion to recommit so that we do not reward a recidivist megabank like Wells Fargo for re-peated operational failures that ripped 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.041 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3119 April 11, 2018 
off millions of consumers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, as the ranking member talks about the hundreds of millions of dollars of fines that these banks have paid, who have violated provisions of civil law, maybe that means the system is working. That is what ought to happen to wrongdoers. There ought to be fines. No one can defend what happened at Wells Fargo. I hope that the current management team is cleaning up what has been a mess and what has harmed consumers for many, many years under the previous team. But I do know this: that Wells Fargo has been fined almost a half a billion dollars already. Their former CEO had $75 million clawed back in compensa-tion. They lost $29 billion of market value—their investors—and investiga-tions are ongoing, as it well should be. But I would point out that our pru-dential regulators continue to have full authority to enforce all of our con-sumer protection laws: the Alternative Mortgage Transaction Parity Act, the Consumer Leasing Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and the Fair Credit Billing Act. When they find violations, people are fined, as they well should be. But what we are talking about, once again, is trying to create economic op-portunity for all those who need it, to make credit more available and less ex-pensive for people who are trying to buy a home, repair a car, and put gro-ceries on the table. What the gentleman from New York is saying, again, when it comes to a federally imposed stress test, after hours and hours of testimony, we be-lieve that maybe that test ought to be administered annually, instead of semiannually. That would be a better balance. That is what is happening from the gentleman from New York. What the ranking member’s motion to recommit would do is simply water that down when all of our consumer protection laws remain fully in effect. They are working. Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of the motion to recommit, I urge adoption of H.R. 4293, the Stress Test Improvement Act, from Mr. Z
ELDIN from New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. f 
FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 780, I call up the bill (H.R. 4061) to amend the Finan-cial Stability Act of 2010 to improve the transparency of the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council, to improve the SIFI designation process, and for other purposes, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 780, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–64, modified by the amend-ment printed in part A of House Report 115–600, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 4061 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. SIFI DESIGNATION PROCESS. 
Section 113 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5323) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (K) as sub-paragraph (L); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (J) the following: ‘‘(K) the appropriateness of the imposition of prudential standards as opposed to other forms of regulation to mitigate the identified risks; and’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (K) as sub-paragraph (L); (C) by inserting after subparagraph (J) the following: ‘‘(K) the appropriateness of the imposition of prudential standards as opposed to other forms of regulation to mitigate the identified risks; and’’; and (3) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) R
EEVALUATION AND RESCISSION .— ‘‘(1) A
NNUAL REEVALUATION .—Not less fre-quently than annually, the Council shall re-evaluate each determination made under sub-sections (a) and (b) with respect to a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors and shall— ‘‘(A) provide written notice to the nonbank fi-nancial company being reevaluated and afford such company an opportunity to submit written materials, within such time as the Council deter-mines to be appropriate (but which shall be not less than 30 days after the date of receipt by the company of such notice), to contest the deter-mination, including materials concerning whether, in the company’s view, material finan-cial distress at the company, or the nature, scope, size, scale, concentration, interconnected-ness, or mix of the activities of the company could pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States; ‘‘(B) provide an opportunity for the nonbank financial company to meet with the Council to present the information described in subpara-graph (A); and ‘‘(C) if the Council does not rescind the deter-mination, provide notice to the nonbank finan-cial company, its primary financial regulatory agency and the primary financial regulatory agency of any of the company’s significant sub-sidiaries of the reasons for the Council’s deci-sion, which notice shall address with specificity how the Council assessed the material factors presented by the company under subparagraphs (A) and (B). ‘‘(2) PERIODIC REEVALUATION .— ‘‘(A) R
EVIEW .—Every 5 years after the date of a final determination with respect to a nonbank financial company under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, the nonbank financial company may submit a written request to the Council for a reevaluation of such determination. Upon re-ceipt of such a request, the Council shall con-duct a reevaluation of such determination and hold a vote on whether to rescind such deter-mination. ‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURES .—Upon receipt of a written request under paragraph (A), the Council shall fix a time (not earlier than 30 days after the date of receipt of the request) and place at which such company may appear, personally or through counsel, to— ‘‘(i) submit written materials (which may in-clude a plan to modify the company’s business, structure, or operations, which shall specify the length of the implementation period); and ‘‘(ii) provide oral testimony and oral argument before the members of the Council. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF PLAN .—If the company submits a plan in accordance with subpara-graph (B)(i), the Council shall consider whether the plan, if implemented, would cause the com-pany to no longer meet the standards for a final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as ap-plicable. The Council shall provide the nonbank financial company an opportunity to revise the plan after consultation with the Council. ‘‘(D) E
XPLANATION FOR CERTAIN COMPANIES .— With respect to a reevaluation under this para-graph where the determination being reevalu-ated was made before the date of enactment of this paragraph, the nonbank financial company may require the Council, as part of such re-evaluation, to explain with specificity the basis for such determination. ‘‘(3) R
ESCISSION OF DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Council, by a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, determines under this subsection that a nonbank financial company no longer meets the standards for a final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, the Council shall rescind such determination. ‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL OF COMPANY PLAN .—Approval by the Council of a plan submitted or revised in accordance with paragraph (2) shall require a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson. If such plan is approved by the Council, the company shall implement the plan during the period identified in the plan, except that the Council, in its sole discretion and upon request from the company, may grant one or more extensions of the implementation period. After the end of the implementation period, in-cluding any extensions granted by the Council, the Council shall proceed to a vote as described under subparagraph (A).’’; (4) by amending subsection (e) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(e) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROPOSED DETER-
MINATION , NOTICE AND OPPORTUNITY FOR HEAR-
ING, ANDFINAL DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) N
OTICE OF IDENTIFICATION FOR INITIAL  
EVALUATION AND OPPORTUNITY FOR VOLUNTARY  
SUBMISSION .—Upon identifying a nonbank fi-nancial company for comprehensive analysis of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.042 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3120 April 11, 2018 
the potential for the nonbank company to pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States, the Council shall provide the nonbank financial company with— ‘‘(A) written notice that explains with speci-ficity the basis for so identifying the company, a copy of which shall be provided to the com-pany’s primary financial regulatory agency; ‘‘(B) an opportunity to submit written mate-rials for consideration by the Council as part of the Council’s initial evaluation of the risk pro-file and characteristics of the company; ‘‘(C) an opportunity to meet with the Council to discuss the Council’s analysis; and ‘‘(D) a list of the public sources of information being considered by the Council as part of such analysis. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS BEFORE MAKING A PRO -
POSED DETERMINATION .—Before making a pro-posed determination with respect to a nonbank financial company under paragraph (3), the Council shall— ‘‘(A) by a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the vot- ing members then serving, including an affirma-tive vote by the Chairperson, approve a resolu-tion that identifies with specificity any risks to the financial stability of the United States the Council has identified relating to the nonbank financial company; ‘‘(B) with respect to nonbank financial com-pany with a primary financial regulatory agen-cy, provide a copy of the resolution described under subparagraph (A) to the primary finan-cial regulatory agency and provide such agency with at least 180 days from the receipt of the resolution to— ‘‘(i) consider the risks identified in the resolu-tion; and ‘‘(ii) provide a written response to the Council that includes its assessment of the risks identi-fied and the degree to which they are or could be addressed by existing regulation and, as ap-propriate, issue proposed regulations or under-take other regulatory action to mitigate the identified risks; ‘‘(C) provide the nonbank financial company with written notice that the Council— ‘‘(i) is considering whether to make a pro-posed determination with respect to the nonbank financial company under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, which notice explains with specificity the basis for the Council’s con-sideration, including any aspects of the com-pany’s operations or activities that are a pri-mary focus for the Council; or ‘‘(ii) has determined not to subject the com-pany to further review, which action shall not preclude the Council from issuing a notice to the company under subparagraph (1)(A) at a future time; and ‘‘(D) in the case of a notice to the nonbank fi-nancial company under subparagraph (C)(i), provide the company with— ‘‘(i) an opportunity to meet with the Council to discuss the Council’s analysis; ‘‘(ii) an opportunity to submit written mate-rials, within such time as the Council deems ap-propriate (but not less than 30 days after the date of receipt by the company of the notice de-scribed under clause (i)), to the Council to in-form the Council’s consideration of the nonbank financial company for a proposed determina-tion, including materials concerning the com-pany’s views as to whether it satisfies the stand-ard for determination set forth in subsection (a) or (b), as applicable; ‘‘(iii) an explanation of how any request by the Council for information from the nonbank financial company relates to potential risks to the financial stability of the United States and the Council’s analysis of the company; ‘‘(iv) written notice when the Council deems its evidentiary record regarding such nonbank financial company to be complete; and ‘‘(v) an opportunity to meet with the members of the Council. ‘‘(3) P
ROPOSED DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) V
OTING .—The Council may, by a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, propose to make a determination in accordance with the provisions of subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, with respect to a nonbank financial company. ‘‘(B) DEADLINE FOR MAKING A PROPOSED DE -
TERMINATION .—With respect to a nonbank fi-nancial company provided with a written notice under paragraph (2)(C)(i), if the Council does not provide the company with the written notice of a proposed determination described under paragraph (4) within the 180-day period fol-lowing the date on which the Council notifies the company under paragraph (2)(C) that the evidentiary record is complete, the Council may not make such a proposed determination with respect to such company unless the Council re-peats the procedures described under paragraph (2). ‘‘(C) R
EVIEW OF ACTIONS OF PRIMARY FINAN -
CIAL REGULATORY AGENCY .—With respect to a nonbank financial company with a primary fi-nancial regulatory agency, the Council may not vote under subparagraph (A) to make a pro-posed determination unless— ‘‘(i) the Council first determines that any pro-posed regulations or other regulatory actions taken by the primary financial regulatory agen-cy after receipt of the resolution described under paragraph (2)(A) are insufficient to mitigate the risks identified in the resolution; ‘‘(ii) the primary financial regulatory agency has notified the Council that the agency has no proposed regulations or other regulatory actions to mitigate the risks identified in the resolution; or ‘‘(iii) the period allowed by the Council under paragraph (2)(B) has elapsed and the primary financial regulatory agency has taken no action in response to the resolution. ‘‘(4) N
OTICE OF PROPOSED DETERMINATION .— The Council shall— ‘‘(A) provide to a nonbank financial company written notice of a proposed determination of the Council, including an explanation of the basis of the proposed determination of the Coun-cil, that a nonbank financial company shall be supervised by the Board of Governors and shall be subject to prudential standards in accordance with this title, an explanation of the specific risks to the financial stability of the United States presented by the nonbank financial com-pany, and a detailed explanation of why exist-ing regulations or other regulatory action by the company’s primary financial regulatory agency, if any, is insufficient to mitigate such risk; and ‘‘(B) provide the primary financial regulatory agency of the nonbank financial company a copy of the nonpublic written explanation of the Council’s proposed determination. ‘‘(5) H
EARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of any notice of a pro-posed determination under paragraph (4), the nonbank financial company may request, in writing, an opportunity for a written or oral hearing before the Council to contest the pro-posed determination, including the opportunity to present a plan to modify the company’s busi-ness, structure, or operations in order to miti-gate the risks identified in the notice, and which plan shall also include any steps the company expects to take during the implementation pe-riod to mitigate such risks. ‘‘(B) G
RANT OF HEARING .—Upon receipt of a timely request, the Council shall fix a time (not earlier than 30 days after the date of receipt of the request) and place at which such company may appear, personally or through counsel, to— ‘‘(i) submit written materials (which may in-clude a plan to modify the company’s business, structure, or operations); or ‘‘(ii) provide oral testimony and oral argument to the members of the Council. ‘‘(6) C
OUNCIL CONSIDERATION OF COMPANY  
PLAN.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a nonbank financial company submits a plan in accordance with paragraph (5), the Council shall, prior to mak-ing a final determination— ‘‘(i) consider whether the plan, if imple-mented, would mitigate the risks identified in the notice under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(ii) provide the nonbank financial company an opportunity to revise the plan after consulta-tion with the Council. ‘‘(B) VOTING .—Approval by the Council of a plan submitted under paragraph (5) or revised under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall require a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson. ‘‘(C) I
MPLEMENTATION OF APPROVED PLAN .— With respect to a nonbank financial company’s plan approved by the Council under subpara-graph (B), the company shall have one year to implement the plan, except that the Council, in its sole discretion and upon request from the nonbank financial company, may grant one or more extensions of the implementation period. ‘‘(D) O
VERSIGHT OF IMPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(i) P
ERIODIC REPORTS .—The Council, acting through the Office of Financial Research, may require the submission of periodic reports from a nonbank financial company for the purpose of evaluating the company’s progress in imple-menting a plan approved by the Council under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) I
NSPECTIONS .—The Council may direct the primary financial regulatory agency of a nonbank financial company or its subsidiaries (or, if none, the Board of Governors) to inspect the company or its subsidiaries for the purpose of evaluating the implementation of the com-pany’s plan. ‘‘(E) A
UTHORITY TO RESCIND APPROVAL .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—During the implementation period described under subparagraph (C), in-cluding any extensions granted by the Council, the Council shall retain the authority to rescind its approval of the plan if the Council finds, by a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting mem-bers then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, that the company’s imple-mentation of the plan is no longer sufficient to mitigate or prevent the risks identified in the resolution described under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(ii) F
INAL DETERMINATION VOTE .—The Coun-cil may proceed to a vote on final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, not earlier than 10 days after providing the nonbank financial company with written notice that the Council has rescinded the approval of the company’s plan pursuant to clause (i). ‘‘(F) A
CTIONS AFTER IMPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(i) E
VALUATION OF IMPLEMENTATION .—After the end of the implementation period described under subparagraph (C), including any exten-sions granted by the Council, the Council shall consider whether the plan, as implemented by the nonbank financial company, adequately mitigates or prevents the risks identified in the resolution described under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(ii) V
OTING .—If, after performing an evalua-tion under clause (i), not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members of the Council then serving, in-cluding an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, determine that the plan, as implemented, ade-quately mitigates or prevents the identified risks, the Council shall not make a final deter-mination under subsection (a) or (b), as applica-ble, with respect to the nonbank financial com-pany and shall notify the company of the Coun-cil’s decision to take no further action. ‘‘(7) F
INAL COUNCIL DECISIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of a hearing under paragraph (5), the Council shall notify the nonbank financial company of— ‘‘(i) a final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable; ‘‘(ii) the Council’s approval of a plan sub-mitted by the nonbank financial company under paragraph (5) or revised under paragraph (6); or ‘‘(iii) the Council’s decision to take no further action with respect to the nonbank financial company. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11AP7.014 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3121 April 11, 2018 
‘‘(B) E XPLANATORY STATEMENT .—A final de-termination of the Council, under subsection (a) or (b), shall contain a statement of the basis for the decision of the Council, including the rea-sons why the Council rejected any plan by the nonbank financial company submitted under paragraph (5) or revised under paragraph (6). ‘‘(C) N
OTICE TO PRIMARY FINANCIAL REGU -
LATORY AGENCY .—In the case of a final deter-mination under subsection (a) or (b), the Coun-cil shall provide the primary financial regu-latory agency of the nonbank financial com-pany a copy of the nonpublic written expla-nation of the Council’s final determination.’’; (5) in subsection (g), strike ‘‘before the Coun-cil makes any final determination’’ and insert ‘‘from the outset of the Council’s consideration of the company, including before the Council makes any proposed or final determination’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT .—The Council shall— ‘‘(1) in each case where a nonbank financial company has been notified that it is subject to the Council’s review and the company has pub-licly disclosed such fact, confirm that the nonbank financial company is subject to the Council’s review, in response to a request from a third party; ‘‘(2) upon making a final determination, pub-licly provide a written explanation of the basis for its decision with sufficient detail to provide the public with an understanding of the specific bases of the Council’s determination, including any assumptions related thereof, subject to the requirements of section 112(d)(5); ‘‘(3) include, in the annual report required by section 112, the number of nonbank financial companies from the previous year subject to pre-liminary analysis, further review, and subject to a proposed or final determination; and ‘‘(4) within 90 days after the enactment of this subsection, publish information regarding its methodology for calculating any quantitative thresholds or other metrics used to identify nonbank financial companies for analysis by the Council. ‘‘(k) P
ERIODIC ASSESSMENT OF THE IMPACT OF  D
ESIGNATIONS .— ‘‘(1) A
SSESSMENT .—Every five years after the date of enactment of this section, the Council shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a study of the Council’s deter-minations that nonbank financial companies shall be supervised by the Board of Governors and shall be subject to prudential standards; and ‘‘(B) comprehensively assess the impact of such determinations on the companies for which such determinations were made and the wider economy, including whether such determina-tions are having the intended result of improv-ing the financial stability of the United States. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after completing a study required under paragraph (1), the Council shall issue a report to the Con-gress that— ‘‘(A) describes all findings and conclusions made by the Council in carrying out such study; and ‘‘(B) identifies whether any of the Council’s determinations should be rescinded or whether related regulations or regulatory guidance should be modified, streamlined, expanded, or repealed.’’. 
SEC. 3. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
None of the amendments made by this Act may be construed as limiting the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council’s emergency powers under section 113(f) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5323(f)). 
SEC 4. REDUCTION OF SURPLUS FUNDS OF FED-ERAL RESERVE BANKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(a)(3)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 289(a)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$7,500,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$7,451,428,571’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (a) shall take effect on June 1, 2018. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4061, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017. I want to commend two friends, Mr. R
OSSfrom Florida on the Republican side of the aisle and Mr. D
ELANEY on the Democrat side of the aisle, for their collective leadership on bringing forth this truly bipartisan bill, a strong, bi-partisan bill, which has 58 different co-sponsors, half from each side of the aisle. Before talking a bit about the bill, there has been a lot of news today, Mr. Speaker. Part of the news, that I just could not overlook, is the fact that my dear friend and colleague from Florida announced that he would be retiring at the end of this Congress. I do want to say what a pleasure and honor it has been to work with the gentleman from Florida. I have appreciated his leader-ship, I have appreciated his knowledge, and I have appreciated his calm de-meanor and his ability to further strong, bipartisan measures that will help create greater credit opportunities for hardworking Americans. I would say I will miss him, but I will be gone as well. Maybe he will invite me down to the Florida coast for some deep sea fishing. I look forward to receiving that invitation at the appropriate time. Now back to business, Mr. Speaker. The Financial Stability Oversight Council is charged with identifying emerging threats to our financial sta-bility. However, during the previous administration, the FSOC, as it is called, went far beyond identifying this risk and, instead, just concocted in-credibly irrational speculative sce-narios about sectors of the financial markets that had nothing to do with the financial crisis. In turn, they have caused more harm to the financial sys-tem than added stability. It bears highlighting at the outset that this bill does not strip the FSOC of its ability to designate a nonbank fi-nancial company as a SIFI, or system-atically important financial institu-tion. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, it would be a better bill if it did. It also wouldn’t be a bipartisan bill. That is not what this bill is trying to do. Rather, this bill simply brings needed transparency and accountability to the designation process. Mr. ROSSand Mr. D ELANEY , in H.R. 4061, do this by reversing the presump-tion that government bureaucrats should dictate the business models and operational objectives of private busi-nesses in requiring the FSOC to ap-proach the potential designation of a nonbank by encouraging companies to address the risk prior to designating them as SIFIs in order to actually re-duce systemic risk. Let me sum it up, Mr. Speaker. All this is saying is that a nonbank finan-cial institution that the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council feels may be creating undue risk in the system, give them an opportunity to remedy that before you designate them as a too-big- to-fail institution backed up with a taxpayer bailout fund. At least give them an opportunity to remedy the risk that you are concerned about. What could be more common sense? What could be more reasonable? That is why it is such a strong, bipartisan bill coming out of the House Financial Services Committee. b1530 Specifically, Mr. Speaker, applying bank-like regulation to nonbanks, such as asset managers, broker-dealers, in-surance companies, and private invest-ment funds just doesn’t make sense. Nonbanks do not have access to the de-posit insurance fund, they don’t have access to the Federal Reserve’s dis-count window or lending facilities. Nonbanks take far larger capital hair-cuts on the assets they hold. Nonbanks, when they fail, fail very differently from banks. If an individual mutual fund were to fail, the shareholders of that fund would bear the losses, not the tax-payer. There is no reason to apply the same system to them. So the bill would bring, again, clarity and accountability to the FSOC des-ignation process. That should be self- evident. To date, the FSOC has designated four nonbank financial companies as systemically important financial insti-tutions. Today, only one remains des-ignated and it is unclear for exactly how long. The de-designation of these compa-nies seems to point to a recognition that these companies do not present a potential risk that FSOC first claimed that they did. MetLife, one of them, ac-tually challenged FSOC’s SIFI deter-mination in court, and FSOC’s designa-tion was found by an Article III judge to be fatally flawed, arbitrary and ca-pricious, and a critical departure from FSOC’s own standards. Based on that case alone, it certainly seems appropriate for Congress to en-sure there are proper guardrails put in place in this designation, because at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP7.014 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3122 April 11, 2018 
the end of the day, the designation doesn’t just affect, again, Wall Street, it is felt directly by Main Street house-holds who are trying to save for col-lege, save for retirement. They would see their costs rise and their invest-ment returns fall on a mutual fund if it was designated, simply because inves-tors would be required to bail out other too-big-to-fail firms. So this is a common sense piece of legislation, it is strongly bipartisan, and I urge all Members to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4061, the so-called Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council Improvement Act. The bill would recklessly complicate the process used by the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council, also referred to as FSOC, to designate nonbank firms for heightened oversight and pro-tect the economy. The bill would also give companies more avenues to delay by at least 4 years or block these designations even when the designations are warranted. According to former Treasury Sec-retary Lew, who previously chaired FSOC and strongly opposed this bill last Congress: ‘‘An extensively long 4- year process to designate large, com-plex firms that pose significant risk to the financial system is not an improve-ment; instead, it would effectively render meaningless one of the most im-portant tools we in future councils should have to address threats to fi-nancial stability.’’ The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-et Office confirmed this view, finding that H.R. 4061 would increase the risk that undesignated systemic nonbank firms will fail. Let me be very clear: This bill is a thinly veiled attempt to hinder and needlessly delay FSOC’s existing abil-ity to designate firms for heightened oversight. Americans for Financial Reform has also underscored that this bill would: ‘‘Provide giant, global financial firms numerous opportunities to use insider lobbying and the courts to delay or prevent actions that banking regu-lators are attempting to take to safe-guard economic stability.’’ One of the reasons Congress created FSOC was to make sure that large, interconnected firms like Bear Stearns, AIG, or Lehman Brothers would never again devastate the sta-bility of our financial system and jeop-ardize our country’s strong economy with their risky practices and relent-less demand for profits over safe and sound operations. So I simply cannot support this bill, which would add hurdles to prevent FSOC from fulfilling its vital role of identifying interconnected, huge com-panies that warrant enhanced safe-guards. I also reject the myths Republicans continue to spread about the Dodd- Frank Act in their effort to roll back so many of its critical reforms. The majority has claimed that Dodd-Frank has caused tremendous burden on the financial industry and resulted in lend-ers denying affordable access to credit to consumers and families, but the numbers tell the real story of the suc-cess of Dodd-Frank and the need to maintain its regulatory regime, includ-ing the FSOC. Why? Because bank prof-its and share prices have skyrocketed and are now far above pre-recession heights. In addition, business lending has in-creased 80 percent and community banks are doing well. What is more, pay for bank execu-tives is through the roof. CEO pay on Wall Street is back up to levels we last saw in 2006. Even Wells Fargo’s CEO, yes, the recidivist megabank that has violated numerous laws and harmed millions of consumers, was paid $17.5 million last year. In fact, the CEO was paid 291 times the median salary for Wells Fargo employees. While Wall Street has fully recov-ered, Main Street has not. As Neel Kashkari, a Republican former Treas-ury official who now serves as the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis argued in a Washington Post op-ed on March 8, 2018: ‘‘The Great Recession pushed millions of Ameri-cans out of the labor force, some of whom still haven’t returned. Although the headline unemployment rate has fallen from a peak of 10 percent during the recession to 4.1 percent this past January, that statistic ignores people who have given up looking for work. A different measure of people in their prime working years suggests that more than 1 million Americans are still on the sidelines.’’ Keep in mind, these are warnings from a Republican official. In fact, he goes on to say: ‘‘Big banks still threat-en our economy.’’ So I will continue to oppose measures like H.R. 4061 that would return our regulatory regime back to a system that encouraged interconnected, huge firms to grow at all costs and that cheered as these firms devised new and so-called innovative products, many of which are only innovative in terms of how risky and unsound they were. As so many have noted, if we under-mine the ability of FSOC to stand guard, as this bill would do, then we risk opening the door once again to the wolves of Wall Street to wreak havoc with our economy again. This bill, in effect, recreates the moral hazard in Wall Street’s cor-porate culture that promotes profits before consumers. This bill would put the interests of corporate America be-fore protections of consumers, the in-terests of the public, and the stability of the U.S. economy. So, we must all remain vigilant against bills like this or we risk an-other financial crisis. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to learn from the mis-takes of the past and oppose H.R. 4061. Mr. Speaker, I am absolutely weary of coming to this floor with bills that deregulate megabanks. I am absolutely tired of coming to this floor having to remind my colleagues over and over again about the crisis that we had to be presented with and had to work through in 2008. I don’t know why it is our Members find so much time to protect the big-gest banks in America, the richest banks in America, the CEOs who are making millions of dollars, while, in fact, the consumers come second or third in the work that they are doing. This is simply about deregulation. This is about giving the banks more power. This is about disregarding the fact that we have had to fine them over and over again and they still find ways to defraud and to cheat the consumers of America. As the chairman just mentioned about the fines of Wells Fargo, well, they are up for another fine of about a billion dollars because they cheated their clients, they cheated their cus-tomers, they created accounts in their names that they didn’t know anything about, they forced insurance on them that they didn’t need, many of them al-ready had insurance, and it goes on and on and on. I hope that we could convince our Members that we need to spend more time on some of the issues that are really confronting America. I am on this committee as the rank-ing member. We don’t have any bills or any sessions about homelessness. We are not talking about the people who are on the street all over America. We are not talking about the housing cri-sis where the average family even that is employed working every day can’t afford to buy a home, now can’t even afford to lease a place to live. It is off the scale. I could go on and recount all of the things we should be addressing just in our committee, not to talk about the other things and issues in this Con-gress of the United States that we should be looking at, we should be pay-ing attention to. We have had all of the gun issues, we have all the issues that are going on now about Syria, and on and on and on, and yet we find the time to come to this floor day in and day out, time and time again, to talk about how we can make the biggest banks in America richer and more profitable. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds just to say as the jihad against banks continues, if you read the bill, it doesn’t have to do with banks, it has to do with nonbanks. And the apocalyptic vision that is de-scribed by the ranking member is sup-ported by a majority of Democrats on the committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.045 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3123 April 11, 2018 
who serves as the vice chairman of our Subcommittee on Housing and Insur-ance and is the Republican sponsor of this piece of legislation. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding, for his kind words, for his leadership, and more im-portantly, for his friendship. Mr. Speaker, I wish to also thank the staff of the Financial Services Com-mittee in the work they have taken on behalf of the people of this country. Mr. Speaker, as some of you may know, the Financial Services Com-mittee has been operating at a break-neck speed in the 115th Congress. In fact, we have had Financial Services bills on the floor 17 of the last 18 weeks that the House has been in session. I am proud to highlight that the ma-jority of these bills have been passed out of this Chamber by strong bipar-tisan majorities. Throughout this process, we have demonstrated that the House can find bipartisan agreement on commonsense measures that will benefit our con-stituents. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a bill that continues this streak of bipartisanship in the service of Ameri-cans back home, H.R. 4061, the Finan-cial Stability Oversight Council Im-provement Act. My good friend from Maryland, Con-gressman J
OHN DELANEY , and I have been working this bill for nearly 5 years, with the shared goal of improv-ing resiliency of our financial system, while protecting Americans from cost-ly and unnecessary regulations that create barriers to achieving their fi-nancial goals. By codifying procedures to increase the transparency of the nonbank sys-temically important financial institu-tions, or SIFIs, designation process, and providing a chance for nonbank firms to work with their primary regu-lators to reduce risks prior to designa-tion, our legislation achieves this goal. Mr. Speaker, we must be clear that simply designating more companies as systemically important financial insti-tutions does not make our system safer. That is especially true for nonbank firms, like asset managers and insurers, that don’t fit well into the bank-centered regulatory regime for SIFIs. Handing down a SIFI designation to a nonbank financial firm is like using a sledgehammer to catch a butterfly. Not only are you unlikely to succeed, but you are also likely to destroy the very thing you set out to protect. After all, it is the family saving for the downpayment on a home or retire-ment or the children’s education that suffer when FSOC uses a heavy-handed regulation of last resort as the primary line of defense against threats to our economy. The American Action Forum has found that additional capital require-ments resulting from a SIFI designa-tion of asset management firms could cost American retirees at least $100,000 in potential savings over the lifetime of their investment. That is signifi-cant. That is why these reforms included in H.R. 4061 are critical to the more than 90 million investors who rely on the services of asset managers to achieve their most important financial goals. b1545 To be sure, FSOC has begun to recog-nize the benefits of providing increased transparency and, in 2015, FSOC made welcome reforms to improve the nonbank SIFI designation process. Many of these are codified in this bill. Importantly, our legislation will also give FSOC the authority it needs to work with primary regulators who have institutional knowledge, skill, and experience overseeing nonbank firms to address threats to our econ-omy without jeopardizing our constitu-ents’ financial opportunities. After 8 years, if we don’t take steps to address the obvious shortcomings of FSOC, like the nonbank designation process, the regulator intended to pro-tect the financial stability could very well become the liability. Again, I am proud to have worked with my colleague and friend, JOHN D
ELANEY , on this great bill, and I ap-preciate the support of Chairman H
EN-
SARLING in moving it through com-mittee and now onto the House floor. This bill does have 58 original co-sponsors—29 Democrats, 29 Repub-licans. It passed out of the Financial Services Committee 45–10. Our legisla-tion demonstrates that there can be broad bipartisan support for increased transparency of the FSOC SIFI des-ignation. I believe we can do even more, and I welcome the opportunity to work with my colleagues on additional bipartisan reforms beyond those we are consid-ering today to better address systemic risk by firming up the cooperative re-lationship between FSOC and the pri-mary regulator to ensure substantive engagement that can result in swift resolution of FSOC’s concerns prior to all SIFI designations. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to just walk through some of what happens with FSOC with these nonbank designations and the process, because I have always wanted to be sure that the process would give these nonbanks an opportunity to basi-cally convince FSOC that they were safe and they were sound and they didn’t present any risk, and all of that. Of course, a lot of this was triggered by AIG. If you remember AIG and what happened with this nonbank who was involved in credit default swaps with-out the collateral to back them up, this certainly was informative, and it helped to develop this process. Stage 1, the metrics: minimum quan-titative metrics for a nonbank finan-cial company to be eligible for designa-tion. Stage 2, preliminary review, 6 months: staff analyzes preliminary data and meets with the company, consults with existing regulators. Stage 3, in-depth review, 14 months: staff analyzes extensive data, meets with company, consults with existing regulators, FSOC deputies meet with company. Proposed designation and hearing on the final designation, 4 months. FSOC provides written basis of proposed des-ignation, oral hearings, provides lengthy written basis of final designa-tion. Total time from outset of analysis to final designation, 2 years. Judicial and annual reviews: any des-ignated company may challenge FSOC’s determination in court; every designated company is re-reviewed by FSOC every year to consider de-des-ignation. I want you to know what is being proposed in this bill is quite different and, instead of the 2 years that I have just walked through, it would take ap-proximately 4.3 years. At such time, you could have one of these nonbanks in trouble, presenting great risk, and you would not be able to do very much about it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), who serves as the chairman of our Capital Mar-kets, Securities, and Investments Sub-committee. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I want to say I am going to miss both the chairman and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS) after they leave this term. I am going to try to address the ranking member’s timing issue, but the fact is that much of this bill simply codifies what FSOC’s current process is and, thus, is not changing that timing. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4061, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017, which would enhance trans-parency and procedural fairness for the nonbank systemically important finan-cial institutions designation process. Dodd-Frank created FSOC and charged it with identifying risks to the financial stability of financial compa-nies that would pose a threat to our overall financial stability. The problem with this is that FSOC has the author-ity to designate a nonbank financial institution, such as an asset manager or an insurance company, and subject the institution to heightened pruden-tial supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve. All you hear from the other side is that this is about megabanks. It is the exact opposite. It is about these insur-ance companies and these asset man-agers and broker dealers. In 2014, FSOC designated MetLife, a life insurance company, for ‘‘height-ened prudential supervision’’ by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.046 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3124 April 11, 2018 
Federal Reserve. However, in 2016, a Federal district court rescinded FSOC’s SIFI designation of MetLife, finding that it was ‘‘arbitrary and capricious’’ and that the FSOC had ‘‘made critical departures’’ from its own standards from making designation determina-tions. Now, I wasn’t there when Dodd- Frank was created, but I have been dealing with the echo effect of it for the last 7 years, and I don’t believe this is what Congress intended. I don’t be-lieve that the architects—in fact, I can’t believe that the architects—of Dodd-Frank intended for bank regu-lators to rewrite the rules of insurance companies. As The Wall Street Journal wrote: ‘‘It’s as if a committee of baseball um-pires rewrote the rules of football de-spite protests from the NFL players, owners, and referees.’’ Let me give a personal example. My political science degree should then qualify me to be a chemical lab sci-entist. Hey, they both have science in the title. It doesn’t make sense. In fact, even Barney Frank, the law’s namesake, told Congress that, in gen-eral, he did not believe that companies ‘‘that just sell insurance’’ should be designated as systemic. Well, today we have the ability to right the ship. By passing this impor-tant bill, Congress has the opportunity to bring about commonsense, bipar-tisan reforms to this designation proc-ess. And this is what American, hard-working taxpayers expect out of us: an ability to find a solution. Specifically, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017 would amend the Dodd-Frank Act to require FSOC to determine whether to subject a U.S. or a foreign nonbank financial company to supervision by the Federal Reserve, must consider the appropriateness of imposing height-ened prudential standards as opposed to other forms of regulation to miti-gate identified risks to the financial stability. In other words, as my friend from Florida said, don’t go butterfly hunting with a sledgehammer. H.R. 4061 directs FSOC to reevaluate, both annually and periodically, final determinations of systemic risk re-garding a nonbank financial company under supervision. Finally, the bill directs the FSOC to study the impacts of its determina-tions to nonbank financial companies to Fed supervision and prudential standards and whether such determina-tions have the intended result of im-proving domestic financial stability every 5 years. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gen-tleman from Michigan an additional 30 seconds. Mr. HUIZENGA. I would like to com-mend the bipartisan work of my col-leagues and friends, Representative R
OSS and Representative D ELANEY . They have done a great job on this. Their bipartisan approach enhances the ability of FSOC to mitigate risk, a very important element, but it also en-sures that affected nonbank—again, nonbank—financial institutions are af-forded the opportunity and the ability to question and engage—not veto, but to question and engage—the FSOC prior to a final SIFI designation being made. This is good work that gives hard-working taxpayers a solution, and this is what they expect: commonsense, bi-partisan solutions. I encourage all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share with Members a statement from the former Secretary of the Treasury who had the responsibility to head FSOC, and that is Jacob J. Lew. He said, and I will read from his communication to us: Unfortunately, none of the legislation the committee plans to consider this week—re-ferring to this bill—would strengthen the Council’s ability to address the very real risk the largest and most complex financial firms could pose. Instead, these proposals would be a big step backwards for regulatory tools to pre-vent the same kinds of threats. These bills would severely undermine and impair the Council. One of the proposals would require the Council to spend 4 years analyzing a firm before taking action to address any risk the firms may propose, doubling the time period for designation review. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2-1/2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ), the lead Democratic cosponsor of the legisla-tion and a hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for giving me an oppor-tunity to rise in support of H.R. 4061, a bipartisan bill that I worked very closely on with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS), and I thank him for giving me the opportunity to partner with him on this bill. This is a bill, as has already been stated, that came out of the Financial Services Committee with the support of the majority of the Democrats. Mr. Speaker, about 10 years ago, we had a financial crisis; and during that financial crisis, 19 of the 20 largest fi-nancial institutions in this country failed or needed support from the Fed-eral Government. More importantly, tens of millions of Americans lost their jobs, lost their homes, lost their retire-ment savings. In the wake of that crisis, it was very appropriate for Congress to do some-thing, and we did, with Dodd-Frank legislation, which is legislation that I strongly support. As part of the Dodd- Frank legislation, FSOC was estab-lished, the Financial Stability Over-sight Council; and the job of FSOC was to reduce systemic risk in the financial services sector, which is a mission that I also support. But they were given very limited tools to fulfill that mission. Effec-tively, their one tool was to designate companies as systemically risky to the system. So they had the power to des-ignate; they didn’t really have the power to de-risk the system, which should be their job. What this piece of legislation—again, this piece of strongly bipartisan legis-lation—does is effectively empower FSOC with the ability to reduce risk in the financial services system by work-ing in a collaborative manner with companies that it is considering des-ignated and the primary regulators of those companies to develop plans to de- risk those companies. Mr. Speaker, wouldn’t we be better off with a financial services system that has less risk in it, fewer compa-nies that are considered systemically risky in substance, as opposed to hav-ing a system that is inherently more risky or has greater risk and has more companies designated? In other words, designation doesn’t, in and of itself, reduce risk. What re-duces risk is primary regulators work-ing with FSOC and companies that it deems potentially worthy of designa-tion to develop strategies and plans to de-risk those companies. That is pre-cisely what this legislation does. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gen-tleman from Maryland an additional 30 seconds. Mr. DELANEY. That is precisely what this designation does, which is why so many Democrats supported this bill, because we believe, as do many of my Republican colleagues, that the mission of FSOC is worthy and that we should be empowering FSOC to do its job and de-risk the financial industry of the United States of America. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I do think that it is im-portant that we share as much infor-mation as we can about FSOC because not a lot is known by the average per-son about FSOC, and when we talk about it, we oftentimes fail to talk about who makes up FSOC. We are talking about 10 voting mem-bers, headed by Treasury, the Treasury Secretary. You have on FSOC all of the experts. You have the Federal Reserve. You have the FDIC. You have the OCC. You have the NCUA. You have the CFPB, the FHFA, the SEC, the CFTC, and an independent insurance expert. So here you have convened on the FSOC all of these experts, and they are looking at nonbanks that could present great risk to our economy, like AIG. I have to keep reminding people about AIG because AIG was this nonbank that we bailed out to the tune of about $182 billion, $183 billion. b1600 Don’t forget, they were involved with credit default swaps that were not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.048 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3125 April 11, 2018 
collateralized. They were basically put-ting insurance out there that, when the time came due for them to have to pay off, they couldn’t because they didn’t have the collateral to do that. So with these experts, with the expe-riences that we have gone through, FSOC makes a lot of sense. And when it is said that all they can do is des-ignate, that is extremely important be-cause that gives the companies an op-portunity to go back and take a look at themselves and see what they can do to reduce this risk to become more sta-ble, and this has happened already. As a matter of fact, I think to des-ignate a nonbank, FSOC must have a vote of two-thirds of its members, in-cluding the Treasury Secretary. So this is not easily done. Again, designation gives the compa-nies an opportunity to go back and take a look. At least one of them has decided to downsize. Let me just share this with you. First, FSOC is certainly not running a Hotel California. A designated firm like GE Capital was able to make the kind of risk-reducing structural re-forms that led to their de-designation under the annual review process re-quired by Dodd-Frank. So, no, des-ignated firms are not stuck with their designation forever. Don’t forget, they get reviewed every year. Don’t forget, they can make changes. Don’t forget, they can take the advice. They can come in and they can continue to work on putting them-selves in order so that they can get de- designated. And I think that is ex-tremely important and that should not get lost. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), who serves as the vice chairman of our Capital Mar-kets, Securities, and Investment Sub-committee. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for his work on this and some of the other things. When you look at the number of bipartisan bills that have passed out of the Financial Services Committee this session, it is really impressive, and I am grateful for his work. I also want to thank D
ENNIS ROSS and J
OHN DELANEY and all my col-leagues who have worked so diligently on H.R. 4061, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017, which I strongly support. I think it is fair to say that a Finan-cial Stability Oversight Council chaired by Secretary Mnuchin is not extremely likely to subject nonbanks to enhanced prudential supervision. In fact, I understand they are consid-ering removing some designations. However, Congress still should take the appropriate steps to make the law that provides this authority to the Treasury much more practical. Furthermore, I would like to point out that although I was happy to see many great provisions of the regu-latory relief package put together by Chairman CRAPO over in the Senate, in-cluding a number of bills I have offered with my colleagues in the House, I was extremely disappointed with the fact that the legislation didn’t include this legislation or something similar to it. I don’t understand how Congress can justify a regulatory reform package that does so little to ease Dodd-Frank’s cost on investors, especially when the Financial Services Committee in the House has taken demonstrated steps, a strong record of bipartisan success, in making reforms to FSOC’s nonbank SIFI designation authority. The Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act amends the Dodd-Frank Act to require the FSOC, when determining whether to subject a U.S. or foreign nonbank financial com-pany to supervision by the Fed, to con-sider the appropriateness of imposing heightened prudential standards. In other words, it provides these nonbanks the opportunities to adjust their business models before being sub-jected to supervision by the Federal Reserve, thereby acknowledging that these companies might wish to change their business model after such a des-ignation in order to be free of these substantial regulatory costs. It is important that we have well-de-fined processes in place so these nonbanks understand the rules of the road. The government provides these companies some reasonable due process when proposing to dramatically inter-rupt their business with a slew of new regulatory requirements. Finally, let’s remember that inves-tors bear the costs of inappropriate regulation being applied to nonbanks, like mutual funds. The asset management industry is modeled in a fundamentally different way, and our regulatory system should reflect that. Investors take on the risk and manage those risks in order to re-ceive returns to pay for things like re-tirement or education for their chil-dren. Safety and soundness regulation, as the Fed applies it to the banks, is completely inappropriate. At a minimum, we should be pro-viding nonbanks like mutual funds a chance to work with the FSOC to ad-dress their concerns before slapping in-vestors with new regulatory costs. Finally, we should never forget, again, that this was a strong bipartisan bill that received 45 votes in com-mittee, and we ought to all consider supporting it here on the floor. I am going to, and I encourage my col-leagues to support it as well. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ), who serves as the vice chairman of our Sub-committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Florida (Mr. ROSS) for intro-ducing this important measure being considered today. Mr. Speaker, the Dodd-Frank Act in-troduced into our Nation’s capital a new culture of regulatory burden where a select few Washington bureaucrats dictate how our Nation’s financial in-stitutions should run themselves. While I support the necessary regula-tions from our Nation’s fiduciary rule makers that upholds the goals of safe-ty, soundness, and fair play, far too often our regulators have overstepped their boundaries and entered into dan-gerous territory of overregulation. Section 113 of the Dodd-Frank Act gave the Financial Stability Oversight Council immense deliberate power to declare nonbank financial companies as systemically important to the finan-cial stability of the United States. Once that determination is made, these nonbank financial institutions become subject to extraordinarily stringent prudential supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve. This is a power that should not be taken lightly. FSOC’s systemically important des-ignation carries with it a significant regulatory burden, a new public percep-tion, and a new regulator. Mr. R
OSS’ legislation would require the FSOC, when deliberating on wheth-er or not to designate a nonbank as systemically important, to consider the appropriateness of imposing new burdens on the institution, as opposed to pursuing other forms of regulation to mitigate identified risk to the finan-cial stability of the United States. Mr. Speaker, Mr. R
OSS’ legislation would help end the culture of overregu-lation in Washington and alleviate the intense burden that has been imposed on many institutions that have unspar-ingly received this designation. This is not to say that FSOC’s power to designate institutions as system-ically important should not be used, but rather that FSOC should exercise its authority judiciously and in its in-tended manner. Mr. R
OSS’ bill ensures that the FSOC’s designations going forward will be prudent, shrewd, and most impor-tant, necessary. The good news out of Washington is that the culture of overregulation is changing. A new era has been ushered in that thinks twice before regulating, thoughtfully revisits the necessity and effectiveness in past regulations, and considers the burden of future regula-tions. Much of this has to do with the changes in leadership at the regulatory agencies and the good work being pur-sued there. But changes in who creates and enforces the regulations aren’t enough. In order for our small towns to be able to prosper, our small businesses to grow, and our families to succeed, we must continue to pursue legislative changes to regulations that sustain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.051 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3126 April 11, 2018 
this new era of regulatory cautiousness and predictability. By pursuing legislative fixes to regu-latory problems, we can provide the certainty required by our financial sec-tor, both big and small, to once again provide a bright future for the Amer-ican economy and for American fami-lies. Mr. Speaker, Mr. R
OSS’ legislation being considered on the floor helps to cement that certainty, and I encourage my colleagues to support the measure here today. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, a moment ago, I identi-fied the 10 voting members that serve on FSOC. I did not add to that the non-voting members. To show you the ex-pertise that is involved with FSOC, they also have these nonvoting mem-bers: Estate Insurance Regulator, Es-tate Bank Regulator, State Securities Regulator, and the Federal Insurance Office. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ), one of the Democrat cosponsors of the legisla-tion. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I sup-port the committee system. The Demo-cratic Caucus has put roughly 25 of its members on the Financial Services Committee. We are the members of the Democratic Caucus assigned to study and debate legislation on Financial Services issues. We did just that. And 60 percent of the Democrats assigned to the Finan-cial Services Committee, 15 Democrats, voted in favor of this bill, while 10 op-posed it. So if members of our caucus wonder what would our caucus position be if all the members of our caucus had a chance to really analyze bills in this particular technical area, one would expect that 60 percent of our caucus would support this legislation. The reason for that is that the pur-pose of regulation is to reduce risk rather than having risk be the reason to have regulation. This bill focuses on getting compa-nies to reduce their risk. There are those that say if we just designate more companies as SIFIs, we will get more regulation. No, you won’t. What you get is more companies des-ignated, but then you get pressure to have less regulation on all the des-ignated companies. What we need is to reserve the SIFI designation for those who are clearly exposing our economy to the risk of another meltdown, and we need to en-courage companies to be less of a risk to our economy. The ranking member, who is bearing a substantial oratorical challenge, being, I think, the only speaker oppos-ing the bill, correctly points out that AIG was a risk to our economy. That is right. This bill would have put it to AIG that you are going to get designated and regulated if you don’t get out of the credit default business. Had they done that, the meltdown in 2008 would have been much less signifi-cant. So let us encourage these companies to de-risk, and let us have heightened regulation on those who refuse to do so or who by their very size pose a risk to our entire economy. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the Democratic Caucus to have some faith in the 60 percent majority who have been assigned to the Financial Services Committee and voted in favor of this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. One of the wonderful things about working and living in a democracy is that people have an opportunity to have opinions and to voice them and to act out on them. And certainly we don’t always agree on everything. The Republicans don’t always agree in their caucuses. Sometimes they walk lock-step for all kinds of reasons, but they do disagree sometimes when they feel it is safe to do so. But Democrats do not always agree, and we disagree perhaps more in our caucus than Republicans do, and we feel free to do that because we under-stand the importance of the democracy and what it permits and allows you to do. So in saying that, we take every ef-fort in my committee to make sure that all of our members have the infor-mation that they need. My staff is available to provide any assistance that we can provide. So we are very pleased and proud that I, as the rank-ing member, operate the committee in a way that respects all of its members. And even those members who come to the floor who are opposed, perhaps, to a bill or are supporting a bill that I and others may oppose, I respect that. That is how democracy works. So today, we do have Democratic members who are supporting this bill. For whatever reasons, they believe that FSOC perhaps is too tough on some of the companies, that somehow they really don’t achieve their mission of reducing risk. Whatever it is they believe, they certainly have a right to do that. And I respect that. b1615 Having said that, I believe that the lesson that we learn, as a result of 2008 and the recession that we went through, and AIG, the nonbank, in par-ticular, that we bailed out when we saw the weakness of AIG, and the fact that they had basically dealt with these credit default swaps, and that it had created such a problem in our economy, I am so pleased that we had the foresight and the wisdom to come up with a way by which to identify this risk of the nonbanks so that they do not create the kind of turbulence and problems that we had in 2008. Having said that, I am very pleased about the wide breadth of expertise that is on the FSOC. And I certainly believe that having gone through the steps that they take, that those steps will allow everyone to understand and see how fair they are, what kind of time it takes; and it gives every oppor-tunity to be de-designated from being identified as a SIFI. So I am very pleased and proud that I am able to say to my colleagues—no matter how they vote—that I believe that the FSOC is an important reform in the Dodd-Frank reforms. I would ask them to oppose this bill, but if they do not support it, I respect that. I think we should all remember that each and every one of us—elected by the people who send us here—have a voice and we have a right to represent our constitu-ents in the best way that we see pos-sible. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 seconds just to say I take note that the ranking member re-spects her Democrat Members who dis-agree with her, but, apparently, not enough to yield them any of her time. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD), yet another hard-working member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Florida (Mr. R
OSS) for leading the fight on this issue, and also for the support across the aisle on this issue. Mr. R
OSS’ bill corrects another over-sight of the Dodd-Frank Act by reform-ing the nonbank SIFI designation proc-ess. Mr. Speaker, this bill does not take away FSOC’s ability to designate nonbank financial institutions with the SIFI tag. It simply gives these in-stitutions a greater opportunity to be heard before their final designation from FSOC. FSOC should not be able to simply dish out this designation to these insti-tutions, subjecting them to Federal Re-serve requirements, without explaining their reasoning. Unfortunately, we have seen FSOC do this in the past. This is especially important since nonbank financial institutions are clearly different entities than banks are. Capital requirements, for example, might not be suitable to address the risk profile of nonbank financial insti-tutions, so why even subject them to these requirements. This is not a smart regulation, Mr. Speaker. Simply put, the nonbank SIFI designation process is not fair in its current form. Again, this bill is a smart, targeted step that I am con-fident will benefit investors and benefit our economy. Transparency and fair-ness should be welcome and not re-jected. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.052 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3127 April 11, 2018 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In these debates, oftentimes we find ourselves explaining to people how our committees work, and that is very good that we take the opportunity to do that because I think that, in this complicated system that we work in, people need to understand what we do and how we do it. I am very appreciative to the chair-man for recognizing and giving time to some of our Members today, and I think he will remember that I have done that for him also. I can recall on flood insurance, the National Flood In-surance bill, I was very gracious and I gave Members on the Republican side of the aisle an opportunity to have a say. And not only that, Ex-Im Bank was another instance where I gave time to the Members from the opposite side of the aisle, so I would not like people who are listening to think that some-how this is unusual. We do use the influence and power of our positions to determine when that makes good sense for us, and I would like to say to the chairman of our com-mittee: There will be other times when I will afford Republicans an oppor-tunity to speak and have their say when you don’t feel that that is the proper thing for you to do at that time. So let us all remember how this system works. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I believe I have the right to close. I have no further speakers, so I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, week after week, the majority is continuing to push through bills to roll back critical reforms that Democrats put in place to protect con-sumers, investors, and our economy. Let’s recount some of the bills that the majority has recently pushed through the House: In recent months, they have passed legislation to allow payday lenders to evade State interest rate caps, decrease operational risk capital requirements, and roll back enhanced prudential standards for the Nation’s largest banks; weaken customer protections for mortgages; undermine efforts to combat discriminatory and predatory lending; reduce consumer privacy pro-tections; weaken rules that the finan-cial services industry finds inconven-ient; undermine protections for mom- and-pop investors; and allow financial institutions to challenge rules, finan-cial regulations, in court, if they be-lieve them not to be uniquely tailored to their business needs. Every week, the list of harmful legis-lation put forth by the majority for House passage grows. H.R. 4061, the so- called Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act is the latest example of the majority’s misguided and reckless agenda. H.R. 4061 helps financial institutions to delay or block heightened oversight and weakens FSOC’s ability to protect our economy. Mr. Speaker, this bill ig-nores the lessons of the past and in-vites the return to the risky financial system that led to the financial crisis. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Members to oppose the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 3
1⁄4minutes re-maining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, why is this important, and what does this bill do? Let me try to make it very succinct. Dodd-Frank gave the Federal Government the power to designate firms to be too big to fail and backed them up with a tax-payer fund, a bailout fund. We think that is wrong. But that is not what this bill does. The bill doesn’t repeal the bailout fund. It simply says to nonbanks—not banks, nonbanks—mutual funds, insur-ance companies: You know what? Be-fore we knock you upside the head with a sledgehammer, we are going to give you a chance to get your act together. That is essentially what this bill does. And why is that important? It is important because we have people who are trying to capitalize small busi-nesses. It is important because we have people who are trying to save for their retirement. Enhanced prudential standards, which is the legal term of art for coming down with a ton of bricks onto a company, that can cost people. In fact, it has been estimated that these enhanced prudential capital re-quirements imposed with a SIFI des-ignation, a too-big-to-fail designation on a mutual fund, could trim as much as 25 percent or $108,000 for a mutual fund investor’s returns over a lifetime of investing. That comes out of the pockets of our seniors. That is why this is so important. Contrary to what you hear on the other side of the aisle, the FSOC, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, will still have full ability to designate an institution as too big to fail. But it says: You know what? Before you do that, consider some other methods: consider seniors, consider small busi-nesses, and consider the impact of what you are going to do. Look at what happened to GE Cap-ital. This was one of the great financ-ing companies in America, and they were basically a coyote in a trap that had to chew its leg off. There is hardly anything left of them. They used to fund furniture retailers, bread bak-eries, Jack in the Box franchises. They provided credit to startups all over America, $31 billion in 2010 to 1.2 mil-lion small and midsized businesses, and now, next to nothing. Next to nothing, because they were designated as a nonbank SIFI. The ranking member brings up AIG, but guess what? AIG was regulated by a Federal regulator who had full abil-ity to stop anything they were doing for safety and soundness. And guess what? The regulator, in which many on the other side of the aisle put total faith into, they missed it. They screwed up. They said under oath in our committee: Yeah, we had full au-thority to stop it, and we just missed it. We just missed it. So it is time, Mr. Speaker, that we improve this Financial Stability Over-sight Council. I urge all Members to support H.R. 4061. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4061. Among other im-portant provisions, a key component of this bill is the creation of a new subsection K within Sec. 113 of the Dodd Frank Act. This section calls on FSOC to consider ‘‘the imposition of prudential standards as opposed to other forms of regulation to mitigate the identified risks.’’ I am confident that members of both parties in the House and the Senate share the common goal of avoiding future financial cri-ses—our debates since the enactment of Dodd Frank have been around how best to achieve this overarching goal. That’s why I be-lieve that if we were considering language today calling on all financial regulators, both state and Federal, to meet on an ongoing basis, to compare notes and make rec-ommendations on steps that each agency could take to achieve this goal, it would pass by unanimous consent. Asset managers, insurers, and other finan-cial intermediaries serve a critical role in help-ing our constituents manage the financial risks they will face throughout their lives and meet their financial needs and objectives. Managing assets, whether personal or as part of a retire-ment plan such as a 401(k), has increasingly become the responsibility of individuals who are well served by asset managers and the products they provide. And managing lon-gevity and mortality risks are just two areas of expertise that insurers are uniquely situated to help. I think we would agree these essential products and services should be well regu-lated, but in an efficient manner that allows providers the room to innovate and serve their customers’ needs New subsection K of this bill is a charge for regulators to act, on an ongoing basis, to take the steps necessary to help companies oper-ate in a safe and sound manner as the first line of defense against future economic stress. In other words, this bill encourages regulators to determine what activities are potentially risky, using, among other tools, the process set forth in section 120 of the Dodd Frank Act, and calls on the appropriate prudential regu-lator to ensure they appropriately address such activities on an ongoing basis. This ap-proach makes eminent sense, can help pre-vent a future crisis, and I am pleased to sup-port this provision and the entire legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). All time for debate has ex-pired. Pursuant to House Resolution 780, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.054 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3128 April 11, 2018 
The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of H.R. 4061 will be followed by 5-minute votes on: The motion to recommit on H.R. 4293; and Passage of H.R. 4293, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 297, nays 121, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 135] YEAS—297 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Clark (MA) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—121 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Butterfield Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Khanna Kildee Krishnamoorthi Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Nadler Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Bishop (GA) Cramer Frankel (FL) Moore Rooney, Thomas J. Scalise Shea-Porter Simpson Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1653 Mses. BARRAGA´N, JACKSON LEE, and Mr. NADLER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. ESTY of Connecticut, Messrs. MEEKS, HECK, and Mrs. BEATTY changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 135. f 
STRESS TEST IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 4293) to reform the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review process, the Dodd- Frank Act Stress Test process, and for other purposes, offered by the gentle-woman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 188, nays 231, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 136] YEAS—188 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.056 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3129 April 11, 2018 
Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—9 
Bishop (GA) Frankel (FL) Lowenthal Moore Rooney, Thomas J. Scalise Shea-Porter Simpson Walz 
b1701 Mr. VISCLOSKY changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 245, nays 174, not voting 9, as follows: [Roll No. 137] YEAS—245 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—174 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Connolly Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Bishop (GA) Frankel (FL) Moore Nolan Rooney, Thomas J. Scalise Shea-Porter Simpson Walz 
b1709 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 135, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 136, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 137. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING, A SCOURGE ON HUMANITY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP7.019 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3130 April 11, 2018 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, at 15 years old, Jane was pregnant, alone, out on the streets, and ready to end her life. When Marcus and Robin Thompson found her, Jane thought she was saved. But instead of taking her to safety, the criminals forced the girl on a terrifying 6-week trek across the United States. The outlaws photographed Jane in suggestive photos and sold her on the marketplace of sex slavery—human trafficking. Truck stops and sleazy hotel rooms became her life, sold to any pervert with the money and desire to buy sex from a child. After multiple beatings, Jane sought help at a hospital, where nurses identi-fied her as a sex-trafficked victim. The Thompsons are now locked up in prison for the crime they committed—modern day slavery. Madam Speaker, human trafficking is a scourge. We must remain vigilant like the nurses in this case and rescue victims and send traffickers to the jail-house where they belong. No more sell-ing our children on the marketplace of slavery. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
b1715 CONGRATULATING COACH LANCE WIGFALL (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I rise this evening to honor Coach Lance Wigfall of East Orange, New Jersey, for becoming the 2017–2018 boys indoor track and field coach of the year. Coach Wigfall was a star track ath-lete at East Orange during the late 1990s and early 2000s. Now, as coach, he is helping a new generation of young men grow as athletes and leaders. During Coach Wigfall’s tenure at East Orange, the school’s track and field team has broken onto the na-tional stage. But Coach Wigfall re-minds his athletes to enjoy the mo-ment, trust the process, and always put academics before athletics. Coach Wigfall is a mentor and a role model for his team. He is an asset to East Orange and to all young people in New Jersey’s 10th Congressional Dis-trict. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Coach Wigfall for be-coming coach of the year. 
f 
DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION GOOD CITIZENS AWARD (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize six high school sen-iors who were selected as finalists for the Oneida County Good Citizens Award, presented by the Oneida County Chapter of the DAR, the Daughters of the American Revolution. The 2018 finalists were Rachael Powles, Elizabeth Militillo, Crystal Lin, Madden Barnes, Abigail Hall, and William Thomas. Rachael Powles from Sauquoit Valley Central School was the first prize winner and will go on to represent Oneida County at the State level. These six outstanding individuals were chosen based on their academic achievements, extracurricular activi-ties, and an essay contest. These stu-dents clearly have a great future ahead of them, and it is great to see such strong youth leadership coming from Oneida County. I wish the first prize winner, Rachael Powles, the best of luck as she con-tinues in the New York State competi-tion, and, hopefully, we will be seeing her in Washington, D.C., as a national finalist. Madam Speaker, I ask that Members join me in congratulating these stu-dents on displaying qualities of service, leadership, and patriotism. The Daugh-ters of the American Revolution is a highly respected organization that is devoted to our community, our chil-dren, and our Nation. Being a finalist in this wonderful organization is an honor, indeed. f 
FAIR HOUSING MONTH (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Madam Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the Fair Housing Act. Signed into law 7 days after Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s tragic as-sassination in Memphis, Tennessee, the Fair Housing Act builds on his dream to ensure that every American can live wherever they choose. While in the five decades, our coun-try has made progress in securing equal opportunity and access to afford-able housing for all with the unencumbered ability to rent or to buy, but our work continues. In fact, just last week, in my commu-nity, community leaders broke ground on the final phase of a $120 million pub-lic-private project for Legacy Pointe at Poindexter, fueled by a $30 million HUD Choice Neighborhood grant that I helped to secure in 2014, but our work continues. I stand here today in that spirit to say that I will continue to defend the central tenets of the Fair Housing Act so that all Americans can pursue the American Dream without fear of dis-crimination or redlining. Madam Speaker, our work continues. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PLEASANT VALLEY HIGH SCHOOL (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Madam Speaker, to-night I rise to congratulate Pleasant Valley High School for sending both the boys and girls basketball teams to the State of California championship games for their division. After incredibly successful seasons by both the girls and boys teams, I am very proud to say that both programs made it all the way to the finals played at the Golden 1 Center in Sacramento, home of the Sacramento Kings NBA team. Though the two games had differing results, to be playing in the final game of the season in the State in your divi-sion while the rest of your opponents are home at spring break is plenty to be proud of. It says a lot about the stu-dents and the head coaches and their families on both teams. The last time the Pleasant Valley girls made it to the State champion-ship was 1985. This is the first trip for the boys to the State championship. What these young men and women both did on the basketball courts this year was remarkable—even inspiring Pleasant Valley alum and Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers to contribute to their trip. While the girls did lose a hard-fought contest, the boys pulled it out and won a 70–65 thriller in which they never trailed in the game. Congratulations to the boys team on their first-ever State championship and to the girls team for again making an-other trip to the State finals. Indeed, a truly remarkable, outstanding season for Pleasant Valley High School for the boys and girls team. They have much to be proud of. 
f 
ATTACK ON SYRIA (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, outrage is certainly not a tough enough word to watch the children of Syria, and innocent civilians, be at-tacked by poisonous gas. Assad is a vi-cious dictator, and Russia has propped him up. It is important for the American peo-ple and for Syrian Americans to know that we will not tolerate the kind of vile violence, particularly against chil-dren. But Congress must stand for its constitutional responsibility of debat-ing an authorization to use military force. We must not, at any time, reck-lessly ignore actions by the adminis-tration that really should be a collabo-rative thought-provoking discussion and debate on the strategy for dealing with the crisis in Syria, but, more im-portantly, the propping up of Assad by Russia and its supporters. The children need us in Syria to be able to stop both the bloodshed and the terrible tragedy of gas attacks that im-mediately cause life and injury. It is time for us—the Members of Congress— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.062 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3131 April 11, 2018 
to come to this floor and debate our strategy in Syria. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY REGULA (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, at this spring season of new life, please let us pay tribute to the spirited life of a visionary woman dedicated to high learning and civic improvement, Mary Regula from Ohio, who tragically passed this last week. As an educator first, her love of his-tory drew her to national causes. Mary had a style and a spirit all her own. I vividly recall her dressing as Mary Todd Lincoln at the dedication of the First Ladies Museum in Canton, Ohio, which she had spearheaded, as she duti-fully and lovingly put in place fas-cinating historical truth about a long- neglected dimension of American polit-ical life. A soulmate to her beloved husband, the very honorable Ohio Congressman Ralph Regula, Mary was a beautiful and engaging force for good and for progress on many levels. On countless late nights here in the Capitol, she would work into the evening with her husband. Then, when votes were complete, they would drive home together, usually in Ralph’s red pickup truck. Their service was a pa-triotic love of America. May Mary Regula’s family and friends, and the people of greater Can-ton, Ohio, which Mary and her husband served for 36 years, know our abiding gratitude for their service and for electing such an extraordinary Con-gressman, a seasoned appropriator, and his awesome life partner, beloved Mary. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RHONDA L
EROCQUE (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Madam Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Rhonda LeRocque. Rhonda attended the Route 91 Festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Rhonda was married to her husband, Jason, for 21 years, with whom she had a 6-year-old daughter, Ali. Rhonda and Jason were very active in their church and enjoyed partici-pating in humanitarian projects to-gether. One of their biggest projects was when they traveled to New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina to help rebuild homes. Rhonda worked for a design firm in Cambridge, Massachusetts, but dreamed of opening up her own cater-ing business. She loved skiing, cooking, and baking, but nothing could surpass her love for her family. She is remem-bered for being a selfless and joyful woman who had a strong faith. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Rhonda LeRocque’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
INEQUALITY AND FAIRNESS FOR ALL AMERICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. H
ANDEL ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Madam Speaker, my colleagues and I wanted to spend a few moments on what, to me, is the most important domestic issue in our country right now: the issue of inequal-ity and fairness for all Americans. It is at historic levels of disparity from where it should be, historically both from an economic standpoint, an eth-ical standpoint, and, in my view, a moral standpoint. It is important for Congress to know what the experts know and to share that with this House and with the American public. I am pleased to partner with some of my good friends: Representative L
EE, who I hope will be here soon, a good neighbor in northern California, who has done such extraordinary work around poverty and inequality; and also Ms. D
ELAURO from Connecticut, who has also helped us to put this Spe-cial Order together. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ), my good friend and colleague, and a na-tional spokesperson on issues of in-equality. Mr. ELLISON. Madam Speaker, let me thank the gentleman from Cali-fornia for yielding. I appreciate all of the work Congressman D
ESAULNIER  does in this area. And I want to thank him for raising this particular issue for this Special Order. Madam Speaker, I agree with him that inequality is the issue of the mo-ment. Not only does inequality funnel money from working Americans up to the richest people, but what do they do with the money once it is up there? There is only a certain number of boats you can ski behind, only a certain number of houses you can buy, and only a certain number of luxury cars you can buy. What do the billions go to? Much of it goes to things like merger and acqui-sition, and also political influence. It is very important to understand that as economic inequality has grown, polit-ical inequality has also grown. Now-adays, the money goes into some super- PAC: some big, giant thing where they do independent expenditures and pour money in against their enemies and pour money in in favor of their friends. Politics in America has become the battle of the billionaires now. You have to get a billionaire on your side in order to win. I mean, we know that whether it is the Coates’, or the Mer-cers, or the Adelsons, or whoever it is, it is some big, rich person who is going to sponsor a political candidate, and that is who gets to represent us in what is supposed to be a democratic so-ciety. So I think that it is critical to make the link between economic in-equality and political inequality. I will say again, when we get eco-nomic inequality to the degree that it is, one of the other things that is pur-chased, besides political influence, is mergers and acquisitions. I would just like to point out to ev-erybody that it doesn’t matter what in-dustry you are talking about, markets are deeply concentrated and anti-competitive. If you are talking about like a pharmacy—not a pharmaceutical company, but a pharmacy—CVS, Walgreens, we used to have Rite Aid and, of course, they merged together. And, of course, there is another merger coming up. Every day you open the paper, there is some other big company buying up some other big company, concentrating markets, making the barriers to entry even higher so that the small-business person is just locked out. It costs a lot to get into business now. If your opponent, who is some big, huge company, doesn’t want you in the market, they can just drop their prices, suffer the losses, because they are big, run you out of business, and raise them right back on up. But if you look at any market—beer, hamburger, chicken, online search en-gines, anything you want—almost all of them are deeply concentrated—two, three, maybe four—companies rep-resenting 80 or 90 percent of the indus-try, which cuts off opportunity, limits competition, and it is bad for the American people. Madam Speaker, I have a few more things to share, but I will kick it back to Congressman DESAULNIER for now. Maybe he can kick it back to me a lit-tle later, and we will just have a con-versation for a little while. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Madam Speaker, that sounds good to me. Madam Speaker, I do want to say, as a former small-business owner, having owned restaurants in the San Fran-cisco Bay area for many years, I can definitely identify with your comments that all too often Main Street America, those entrepreneurs who employ most of our workers, are at a distinct dis-advantage. b1730 And, unfortunately, I always felt this as a small independent restaurant owner, that the desires of a lot of my fellow restaurateurs that were nation-ally owned were not necessarily my de-sires. I supported the community. I was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.065 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3132 April 11, 2018 
active in the community. I was in the Rotary or went to Rotary, was very ac-tive. They didn’t have that kind of Main Street presence. I do think that we have deserted that kind of—we collectively, I think, in this body, have all too often deserted that constituency, which is so much a part of not just our economy, but our culture in America. Ben Franklin, when he started, went through and was trained by his father and his older brother. Somewhat con-troversially, he came to Philadelphia and walked down the street and started a business. So, to your point, I think that is really important, that when you look at the fabric of America, what this in-equality talks about—and as we go through this, it will sound from some-what of an academic perspective be-cause we have listened to the experts. We have listened to experts, particu-larly in my area in northern California at Berkeley and Stanford, but we have gone to others. This presentation will be about what the economic history and what the eco-nomics are telling us so that everyone can accept this in terms of the histor-ical record and the facts as Thomas Piketty put in his best selling econom-ics book, very dry, ‘‘Capital in the Twenty-First Century,’’ which I take a lot of my influence from. When the majority was going through their tax reform bill, I hap-pened to pick up a compilation of economists—it was very broad, from their ideological perspective—called, ‘‘After Piketty’’; and as I was reading this, I already knew this, and I thought this tax plan is probably the worst medicine to give this environment be-cause it will only make it worse, in my view, based on a hopeful thought that all of this will trickle down from the wealthiest. We know that in an economy like the United States, where 70, 75 percent of it is consumer driven, you need people to spend money. Myself, as a small-busi-ness person, if people didn’t have dis-posable income to come in my door to pay for the food, I couldn’t pay my em-ployees. I couldn’t do all the things I wanted to do to engage in the commu-nity. So this is the fabric of the Amer-ican economy, but it is really about the fabric of the American culture and what we want for our kids. One of the most disturbing things is being a baby boomer and the parent of two sons in their thirties and to see their struggles as they do well and play by the rules and do as is required of them. What we are passing on, my gen-eration and future generations, is not just the challenge of a prospectively lower life expectancy, but all the de-spair we see in too many communities in this country that this last election, according to the ultimate winner in the Presidential campaign, was about reaching them. Over a quarter into his term, I defy anyone to say where the average per-son in multiple communities is seeing a benefit, and this is going to be a chal-lenge. So I put up here, there have been many famous admonitions through his-tory, starting with Plato and Aristotle, about this issue, about the inequality issue of humans treating other hu-mans. The first one I would like to point out because it comes from Adam Smith—Adam Smith, who wrote ‘‘The Wealth of Nations,’’ the great Scottish political economist whom many people in the Chicago school and people who believe in this idea of trickle-down eco-nomics look to and the invisible hand that he so famously wrote about. But the quote on the top here, I think, is a very clear demonstration of his view in the late 1700s in spite of his perspective on many things, and it is the first quote on the chart: ‘‘The dis-position to admire, and almost to wor-ship, the rich and the powerful, and to despise, or, at least, to neglect persons of poor and mean condition is the great and most universal cause of the corrup-tion of our moral sentiments’’—Adam Smith. The second quote is from someone whom we are all familiar with. A great American, a great Republican progres-sive, Teddy Roosevelt, said: ‘‘The man of great wealth owes a peculiar obliga-tion to the state because he derives special advantages from the mere ex-istence of government,’’ a quote rooted in a passage from Luke in the Bible. That passage says and is quoted often in our political discourse: ‘‘To whom much is given, much is required.’’ That is part of what Jesus of Nazareth said when he was giving his gospels on the mountain as part of the Sermon on the Mount or prelude to that. And the last quote, I think, is very demonstrative for the situation we are in and leading up to these next elec-tions both in 2018 and 2020. The great jurist, the first Jewish American to be a member of the U.S. Supreme Court, Louis Brandeis, said: ‘‘We can either have democracy in this country or we can have great wealth concentrated in the hands of a few, but we can’t have both.’’ With that, I would like to briefly go through four charts that I think are visually demonstrative of the problem we are exposed to, and I would like peo-ple who are watching to particularly look at the timeframe on the graphs. So it has been talked about going back to when America was great. These charts will demonstrate that this pe-riod of time, that a lot of us who had parents who fought in World War II, grandparents who fought in World War I, heard their stories about that na-tional commitment in both those in-stances and in both generations. I grew up in a household outside of Lowell, Massachusetts, hearing my French-Canadian grandparents and my Irish grandparents talking about com-ing to Lowell, Massachusetts, to work in those textile mills for the oppor-tunity to improve their lives and the lives of their kids. Indirectly, of course, I benefited from that, because their kids were the first kids in their family who went to col-lege, my parents. But they had to en-dure World War I, the Great Depres-sion, and World War II, a trans-formative period of time that then led to what some economists will now say was really a unique period of time where there was great economic growth after the war, during the Eisen-hower administration and after that, Truman through Eisenhower and be-ginning with Roosevelt, where every-body was benefiting. So this great consumer economy was a benefit to everyone sharing the wealth and the historical disparities that we have come to from outside that. So if you want to go back to the best world, the best parts of that world, ac-knowledging that America had real challenges there around race, and con-tinues to have, that had to be ad-dressed. We had real challenges around sex and sexism that had to be ad-dressed. There were other issues about things that we needed to deal with in this country that are urgent, and we have dealt with since that time. So I don’t want to make it sound like ev-erything was wonderful. We had our challenges. One of the great things about this country, as so many people have said, is we acknowledge our weaknesses, but we address them and aspire to move on. I would say we are at one of those points where we are particularly chal-lenged in that regard. So, if we could go to the first of these charts, in particular, I want you to look at the dates, because this will be consistent in the four diagrams we are going to bring up. The dates starting on the far left in the early periods, the 1920s, which actually was the gilded age, and then through to 2013. So this particular chart talks about inequality and that historical perspec-tive. In the United States, right now, income inequality has grown rapidly by every statistical measure for 30 years. America’s top 10 percent—and this is not class warfare. This is a dis-cussion of what the statistics tell us and what that implies for our democ-racy and the benefit that we all should derive as it is written in our sacred creeds in the Constitution, the Dec-laration of Independence, and also in our other great commentary. So America’s top 10 percent, approxi-mately 32 million people, now average more than nine times as much income as the bottom 90 percent, or about 293 million people. Think of that. The top 10 percent, 32 million people, many of them got their wealth from talent and good work. Some of them have not had as much talent and hard work, and that is human nature. But because of the policies that we have passed—and as my friend from Minnesota has alluded to, the influence in politics, in our election process, that is more extreme than it has ever been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.067 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3133 April 11, 2018 
in the history of this country. It has al-ways been there. It has always been part of our dynamic. Being from California, there is a fa-mous quote from a former speaker of the State assembly that money was the mother’s milk of politics, sort of a day- to-day look as a working politician, but now we are at extreme, extreme levels. Independent expenditures, to what my friend from Minnesota talked about, in the Supreme Court decisions around Citizens United and SpeechNOW, two decisions in 2010, have created a world that this country has never seen before, where the Supreme Court decided in those two decisions by a 5–4 majority that the American pub-lic and their representatives had very limited ability to put any kind of con-trols over what is called independent expenditures. Those are funds that are written. And the one condition is those people who are doing that cannot com-municate or be in party with the cam-paigns. You can go and see how that has dra-matically changed in the last cycles and will continue to get worse in this next cycle. This last cycle, the Presi-dential cycle, it got up to, I believe, just about $9 billion of independent ex-penditures that are largely not held ac-countable. So next, America’s top 1 percent, roughly 3.2 million people, averaged 40 times more than the bottom 90 percent. America’s top 1 percent, or one-tenth of a percent, or roughly 325,000 people, average over 198 times the income of the bottom 90 percent, or roughly 293 million people. The top 1 percent of America’s in-come earners have more than doubled their share of the Nation’s income since the mid 20th century. This is the period post-World War II. The incomes of the top 1 percent peaked last during the 1920s, during the start of the Great Depression. So you can see this again, the concentration. Again, people will start pounding their chest and saying: ‘‘You are start-ing class warfare.’’ The numbers speak for themselves. These numbers are driven and they are attributed—if peo-ple at home want to see where we got these numbers so they are not driven by fake news, they are driven by im-partial, nonpartisan constituencies. And the point is just to say that we have got a problem. So, again, at the last peak, this gave us great social displacement, gave us, arguably, the conditions that created World War I, definitely gave us the conditions that gave us the Great De-pression, gave us the conditions, fortu-nately, that led to Franklin Roosevelt and the New Deal, and through this sweet period where the economy was growing by 5, 6 percent, and it was gen-erating benefit across all demographics and did what Henry Ford said when he started making his Model T. He said: 
I want a product that is a quality product that my workers can afford, so I want to pay my workers enough to pay for this car. This is the sweet spot that people talk about going back to. Now we are here. Well, if history is right and taught us anything, and what Piketty talks about in a very classic economic historian view and his view of Western democracy and economic trends, his view is these are inevitable. This is my perspective, of course. I am not trying to put words in Dr. Piketty’s mouth. But this was sort of an anomaly, when you look through Western eco-nomic industry, according to Piketty, which was the best-selling economics book in modern history. So that would make one wonder what comes after this, and what Piketty suggests and others suggest is there is a correction. And the question, I think, we have for this time in our history is: What kind of correction is that going to be? Is it going to be the correction that we want in this House, this sanc-tum sanctorum of democracy, the House of Representatives, where we battle it out, we express ourselves and our ideologies, our perspectives—our constituencies have very different world views—but we acknowledge that this is not right, this is a problem, and this is not America as we envision it or our great leaders envisioned it, wheth-er it was Washington or Lincoln? Lincoln once famously said: 
If wages and capital are not equal, if they become different, then we have lost democ-racy. And if capital, in particular, gets be-yond wages, we have really lost democracy. 
And he also cryptically said: 
I have the Confederate Army in front of me, but I have the northern banks behind me, and, honestly, I fear the latter the more. 
There is nothing wrong with capital; there is nothing wrong with invest-ment; but, from a historical perspec-tive, this is not a healthy economy. We want a mix, and we want everybody to enjoy it. So just to go on, between 1992 and 2002, the 400 highest incomes—that is, individuals—reported more than dou-ble, even after the dot.com bubble burst. So, corrections, they still in-creased more. The benefit of the recov-eries after the dot.com bust and after the recession benefited, again, this dis-parity, the people at the top end of the spectrum. Since 1979, the before-tax in-comes of the top 1 percent of America’s households increased more than four times faster than the bottom 20 per-cent. Through much of this introductory part, we have been talking more about everybody in the middle income, but it has really disadvantaged poor people. b1745 So when we talk about doing away with healthcare or Social Services or food stamps, it is really a cruel, sort of Dickens type of bargain where people who are already suffering will suffer more. CEO compensation. With the unions playing a smaller role than they did decades ago—and, during this period, during the Eisenhower administration, in particular, almost a third of Amer-ican workers were in a union—it was the glory days of America; but it was also the glory days, and this wasn’t a coincidence, of American workers hav-ing a voice in American economy and with their employers, where they partnered. So since then, CEO compensation and average workers have changed. With unions playing a smaller role, down to 11 percent from almost 35 percent, than they did decades ago, the gap between CEOs and workers was eight times larger in 2016 than 1980. Union partici-pation has declined to 11 percent, as I said, from its peak in the 1940s and 1950s. As of 2015, 100 CEOs—and I don’t say that they don’t have talent and capa-bilities, but this is just a historical fact. Since 2015, 100 CEOs had company retirement funds worth $4.7 billion, which is a sum equal to the entire re-tirement savings of the 41 percent of U.S. families with the smallest retire-ment funds. That is just the 41 percent that don’t have retirement. So imagine that; 100 individuals, who are supposed to be not just our eco-nomic captains, they are supposed to be our social and community captains, and they were once. In the 1970s, CEO compensation was roughly about four times the median income for their workers. So if you went to Ford or Mo-torola, there was a different corporate culture then, a feeling of social respon-sibility. It still exists, but it exists in this context: Now it is almost 300 times. So when you look at large companies that are global, think of that, of their median global employees, this is the disparity. So it is just another thing that we should be cognizant of. Retirement savings. Workers with employer 401(k) plans have a median balance of just $18,433. So let’s talk for a minute about pay-check income, and then I would like to ask if my colleague would like to jump back in. This will only take a second. So paycheck income. We are talking about a few different things, but they all add up to the same thing. So what do you get? Your paycheck, if you are lucky enough to have investments in your home or in the stock market or in any other kind of investment. Less than half of American workers actually have investments on Wall Street. So when we look at Wall Street going up, this is the disparity between what we measure as helping the econ-omy and what is happening on Main Street. So the average person on Main Street, who doesn’t have any invest-ment on Wall Street—and it is inter-esting. When Wall Street started to go down recently, it was because there were statistical reports from the De-partment of Labor that wages were fi-nally coming up. It is not lost on me that Wall Street would be concerned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.068 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3134 April 11, 2018 
about inflation because wages are fi-nally going up for American workers, which is obviously a problem. Paycheck income. For more than three decades, wages have been stag-nant. Typical American workers and the lowest-wage workers have seen lit-tle or no growth in their real weekly wages in that time. So when you con-sider cost of living, which is going up exponentially in areas like where I live, in the San Francisco Bay area, and these urban areas, like D.C., where young people are constantly moving to because that is where the jobs are, be-tween 1979 and 2007, paycheck income of the top 1 percent of the U.S. earners exploded by over 256 percent; 256 per-cent for the top 1 percent, but stagnant for the rest of us. While productivity has increased at a relative rate since 1948, since the 1970s, wages have not. So we are more pro-ductive than we have ever been. The American workforce is more produc-tive, when we talk about these glory days, than they have ever been because they have accepted compromise and working with innovation to make us more productive. We have put a second income into the household. The value of women coming into the workforce has made such a change, not just to our economy, but to our way of life. Unfortunately, as op-posed to other industrialized countries, we haven’t provided the infrastructure for usually the woman who comes into the workforce to replace their activi-ties at home; so early education, high quality education, things like that, not to mention the fact of pay disparity be-tween genders, which I will now go to. American women are now almost as likely to work outside the home as men. So in 1973, 14 percent, if memory serves me right, of women with chil-dren were in the workforce full time; 1973. By 1994, that number had changed to 74 percent. So think of that in the context of social change; the benefit it gave us from having talented women being in the workforce and being more in the culture, but we didn’t provide the infrastructure that they had pro-vided, in my view, when they were at home raising kids and being part of the community. It was a good change for this country, but we didn’t adapt to it from a public sector. You look at the French and the West-ern Europeans, it didn’t happen as dra-matically there, but they provided the infrastructure, which we should here. Women still make up only 27 percent of the top 10 percent of the labor in-come earners; so this is the glass ceil-ing. Among the top 1 percent of women, they make up slightly less than 17 percent of workers. At the top 1 percent level, a woman makes up only 11 percent. Bonus pay. This is a big issue that has come in the last 20 years. In 2016, we were going to incentivize, or before that, during the Clinton administra-tion, incentivize performance. Unfortu-nately, our performance wasn’t tied enough to the benefit for everybody, the economy, the company, the inves-tors. It was more skewed toward the investors. So in 2016, Wall Street banks—this was 2016, just recently—doled out $24 billion in bonuses to 177,000 of largely New York Wall Street-based employ-ees; $24 billion for 177,000 of America’s 320-plus million people and 175 million workers. This is 1.6 times the combined earnings of all 175 million Americans who work full time at the Federal min-imum wage of $7.25. The CEO of McDonald’s—when I was in the California Legislature when we were trying to raise minimum wage, we figured out they were fighting against raising it to $15 and indexing it for in-flation, but the CEO’s compensation was almost $35,000 an hour. I don’t think his commitment or his quality to work was that different, and it wouldn’t have been in the 1970s. This bonus pool was large enough to have lifted all 3.2 million U.S. fast food workers or all home care aides or all restaurant servers and bartenders up to $15 an hour. Madam Speaker, I will take a little break if it is appropriate and yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). Mr. ELLISON. Madam Speaker, I definitely want to thank the gen-tleman for the important information he has shared with us tonight. Folks who are tuned in definitely, I believe, are interested in this topic. In fact, it is the thing that most people think about. As I am here tonight, I would say, Madam Speaker, that we just cele-brated, or shall I say we just memorial-ized the loss of Martin Luther King, which it was his 50th anniversary of his passing, of his assassination back on April 4. And just recently, this is the year that we passed the fair housing law in 1968, so it has been 50 years. A lot of people, when they think of King, they think, oh, he helped African Americans defeat Jim Crow segrega-tion, and that is true. That is one way to look at it. But when he died, he was marching with sanitation workers who were paid so little they could not make ends meet. They weren’t allowed to go into adequate shelter when it was raining, so two of them, one day, happened to go into the back of the garbage truck. The garbage truck had a malfunction, and those two men were crushed in the garbage truck, and so that initiated a strike which Martin Luther King came and joined two times, it being the last fight he was ever in. Why do I bring up this point? Be-cause we think of America as being more evolved since that time. We think, oh, we have got voting rights; we have gotten rid of discrimination. It is illegal now. But I will tell you what. Despite the fact that we still are battling for racial equality, we have absolutely slipped backwards in the fight for economic empowerment for working people, no matter what their color. In 1968, the Federal minimum wage, if it had been adjusted for inflation, would be about $11.62. But as the gen-tleman just mentioned, it is now $7.25. And the server minimum wage, the tip minimum wage is $2.13. People don’t believe me when I say that, but it is $2.13. How can it be legal to pay a server $2.13? They say, oh, they make it up in tips. Do they? What if their tips aren’t given to them? What if there is wage theft, which happens all the time? I want to thank the gentleman from California for mentioning that in 1968, the average CEO got paid about 20 times more than the average worker. Today, it is above 300 percent, 300 times. So the inequality has dramati-cally not just enriched the rich, it has made working and middle class and the working poor suffer. There are—and this is a shocking sta-tistic. There has been a 60 percent growth in people living under the Fed-eral poverty guideline since 1968. That is wrong, and this tax bill that we just passed will do nothing other than make it all that much worse. It is a cruel irony that, in the face of this spread, this gap that working peo-ple are experiencing relative to their richer fellow Americans, that we would say, oh, you know what we need to do? Give the rich people even more money. Now, again, I am not anti-rich. I wouldn’t mind being rich myself one day. But I do hope that if I ever were to be doing well financially, that I would not pull the ladder up, climb up the ladder and then pull it up so that peo-ple can’t even follow me. Wait a minute. That is exactly what they are doing. They are trying to take away the Affordable Care Act, which actually gave millions of people healthcare for the first time. They want to put work requirements on re-ceiving Federal benefit and aid. They want to make it tougher to be working class and poor. It is outrageous. I just want to wrap my own com-ments up tonight by just saying it doesn’t have to be this way. Poverty is not something that simply happens like the weather. It is not a storm and, oh, boy, how did that ever happen? No, it is a series of decisions made by peo-ple who have political power, who ad-vantage some and disadvantage others. It is things that we do, and it is also things that we don’t do. It is when we just let markets concentrate and don’t engage in legitimate anti-trust action; and it is when we pass a tax bill that we know, before anything has hap-pened, that 83 percent of the benefits will go to the top 1 percent. This is how you create massive inequality. There are things we can do about it. I think we could start by passing a pol-icy that links CEO pay to raises for workers. What if a CEO thinking about, you know, I am going to get my pay, I am going to get a big fat old bonus. Oh, okay. If I do that, I have got 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.070 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3135 April 11, 2018 
to make sure my folks get some of this too. What if we passed a policy like that? What if we said you couldn’t deduct those bonuses off your taxes the way that they do now? What if we actually said to ourselves, we are going to have a very high estate tax? I think that is fair enough. I mean, what did you do, other than ne-gotiate a birth canal, to get all that money? I think that we should reward work, not just birth. I think, what if we said we are going to make majo investments in public wealth? What do I mean by public wealth? Well, I don’t know, the parks, the roads, the bridges, the transit, the schools. What if we invested in those public institutions that actually help everybody come up? Even the rich folks can go to the pub-lic park. We don’t ration that. We say it is something for all of us. What if we said we are going to make sure that the right to join a union is a right that we are going to protect and defend, knowing that the fortunes of unions—when union density goes up, working class people do better. When union density goes down, working class people’s wages stagnate and go down. What if we lifted the minimum wage to a livable wage? What if we had real consumer protec-tion? What if we said that everybody can go to the doctor? I believe that we should have uni-versal single-payer healthcare. That is my opinion, and I hope others join me. What if we did things like looked at the labor policies that they have in some countries around the world? Do you know, in Germany, Madam Speaker, that workers have to be on the board of the corporation if the cor-poration is above a certain size? b1800 That makes sense. They certainly are affected by what the company does. In Germany, if there is a slowdown, a recession, and that happens, everybody takes fewer hours rather than just lay-ing off people who are just relegated to the unemployment lines, who see their skills deteriorate and who are just out of the workforce and it is hard to get back in. What if we did these things? What if we said to ourselves that we were going to have a trade policy that really factored in how is this policy going to impact the local economy and workers? I definitely think trade is a good thing, but what if we thought about how it is going to impact this worker, these workers, this factory right here? What if we got rid of the idea of right to work and said everybody in Amer-ican can join a union? This would make America a stronger country for working Americans. It would improve our economy. It would put money in the hands of working Americans, and it wouldn’t stop people from getting rich if they got a great idea and made a lot of money. It wouldn’t stop people from amassing any wealth, but what it would do is make sure that people at the middle and the bottom of the economy had a greater shot and a better share. My Republican friends’ vision for the economy is that, look, you know, here is how you have a good economy: You don’t make rich people or big compa-nies pay any taxes, and you shuffle all the property taxes and the sales taxes. You let those things be on the shoul-ders of the working folk. Then you don’t spend on public institutions like public schools or anything. You just let those folks do the best they can. If those kids aren’t smart enough to be born to rich parents who send them to private school, forget about it. We are just going to underfund that, or we are going to do charters, and then we will let individuals own those schools and make money off of them. Their idea of a business model is to smash the workers down, treat the workers like a cost, push their labor costs as far down as they can get it, and amass the wealth at the top as much as they can, allow stock buybacks, and don’t regulate anybody, and don’t have any rules of the game so that you get a free-for-all, and then when the economy finally goes bust, oh, you know, we just go back to John Q. Taxpayer and Jane Q. Taxpayer and make them bail them out. Anyway, I think there is a better way. I think we can have a better econ-omy. We can have a democracy. We can have an economy that allows for free enterprise and we can have a public sector that makes sure that liberty and justice and opportunity are for every-one, not just a few. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) for his passion and his commitment. I just want to mention a couple things before I turn it over to my in-credible colleague from Connecticut, who brings such passion and real in-sight to these issues. But as the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) said about min-imum wage, in the 1960s, if you worked a full-time job and you earned the Fed-eral minimum wage with an average amount of overtime, you earned 55 per-cent of the median household income nationally. So think of that. You could work a minimum wage job in the sixties, and you could have enough to earn at least half of what the rest of your citizens were doing. So you could pay for hous-ing. You could get by. I know there are a lot of things, but if we had indexed that for inflation this whole time, it would be very different. And just a few statistics on extreme poverty, because Mr. E
LLISON brought this up. So extreme poverty or absolute pov-erty is the definition by the economics profession. It is not limited to nations outside our borders. So we like to talk about the rest of the world has come up from $1 a day on average of these poor countries to $2 a day. To my great chagrin and shock, 3.2 million people in the United States now live on under $2 a day. Think about that. The United States of Amer-ica, 3.2 million people. This is extreme poverty that we often ascribe to very, very underdeveloped poor countries. According to Oxford economist Rob-ert Allen, absolute poverty in the United States is anything under $4 a day due to the costs. Can you imagine trying to live on $4 a day. But, yes, over 3 million of our fellow citizens attempt to. In comparison, let’s say based on this, if you took the $4, then you go up to 5.3 million Americans are in this economic definition of absolutely poor by global standards. There are more people in absolute poverty in the United States than in Sierra Leone or Nepal. In comparison, zero percent of the populations of Germany, Iceland, Swit-zerland live in absolute poverty. Two- tenths of a percent of Great Britain and three-tenths of a percent of France live in absolute poverty, respectively. So this is just the extreme that I think we have to hear about because too often we gloss over the issues in this Chamber of people who are really struggling, the absolutely poor, the very poor, the most vulnerable amongst us, while we correctly try to help everybody in the bottom 90 per-cent, particularly middle income, but we have got to help everyone. With that, I yield to my wonderful friend from Connecticut, who is such a passionate, determined, eloquent spokesperson in this Chamber for issues around poverty and inequality. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman, and I want to thank him for his commitment and passion to this issue, and for orga-nizing this effort tonight, and to join with him and our colleague from Min-nesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) to focus on the issue of income inequality. And for those of us who serve in this institution, we have a moral obliga-tion, a moral responsibility, to help those who are in punishing poverty. It was more than 50 years ago, Presi-dent Lyndon Johnson and a bipartisan Congress worked together to create the social safety net. And that social safe-ty net is representative of the values of this great country where it says that it is not every man or woman for himself or herself, but it is our shared responsi-bility for one another, our account-ability for one another, and particu-larly in times of need. Their priority—their priority—bipar-tisan Members of this institution, was to lift families out of poverty. Their tools? Programs to help end hunger, cre-ating good-paying jobs, provide afford-able healthcare, guarantee a quality education for all of our children. But, unfortunately, and I will be spe-cific here, we have an administration, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Jul 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\APRIL\H11AP8.REC H11AP8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3136 April 11, 2018 
we have a President, and we have a Speaker of this body, Mr. R
YAN, who are not fighting a war on poverty. They are fighting a war on working families and the poor. President Trump and Speaker R
YAN do not value the beneficiaries of these programs. They do not value these peo-ple’s lives, unless they happen to have an estate or a corporate spending ac-count. They want corporations and the wealthiest Americans to see bigger profits, even if the poor suffer greater pain. Republicans have repeatedly gone after the nutrition programs, the food stamp program, Social Security, Medi-care, and Medicaid; programs that help people bounce back from tough times and to retire with dignity after a life of hard work. When I did research for a book that was published last year, ‘‘The Least Among Us: Waging the Battle for the Vulnerable,’’ what I found is, when it came to nutrition programs, who were the people who were engaged and in-volved? Bob Dole, Republican from Kansas. George McGovern, Democrat. When you looked at the child tax credits, George Bush was for a child tax credit, as well as Jay Rockefeller. Democrats and Republicans who came together on these issues for refundable tax credits for families to help lift them out of poverty. When you take a look at a whole va-riety, Social Security, Medicare, Med-icaid, while there may have been dif-ferences in the Chamber as they de-bated them, but when it came to the vote, they were passed on a bipartisan basis because, it is my view, that the folks who served there understood why they were elected and what this insti-tution is about and how it provides op-portunity for people in this country. That is what our job is here, is to provide opportunity for the people of this country. It is about educating needy children, feeding hungry fami-lies, supporting our veterans, and shielding seniors from poverty. Those are not the great achievements that the other side of the aisle looks at. They are grating to our colleagues on the other side of the aisle. It is about the view that these are the tak-ers, not the makers; that they relax in a hammock and don’t want to get up and go out to work, demeaning hard-working people in this country. The majority in this body and in the Senate and in the White House are forcing everyday Americans to pay for their $2 trillion tax cut for corpora-tions and for the wealthiest Americans, and now they want to use this tax cut scam as an excuse to gut services and investments that are critical to our families and our communities. I just want to go back for a second, because I was here. This was on the food stamp program. I was here for the Contract with America. Wow. 1995. Do you know where it went? Let’s abolish the school lunch pro-gram. Let’s block grant the food stamp program. Let Medicare wither on the vine. The fact is life hasn’t changed that much. There is a consistency about some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Yesterday, under the guise of review-ing welfare, the Trump administration is once again targeting the most vul-nerable among us. The President’s latest executive order would make it more difficult for people to access services: healthcare, nutrition, housing. A tax on our social safety net does not reflect our values, nor does it make sense at all. The biggest issue that people are fac-ing today is that they are in jobs that just do not pay them enough money to live on. So we must do more to end poverty and to end income inequality, and that does begin with wages. Now, the social safety net has helped millions of Americans. According to Brookings Institution, the poverty rate has declined by more than one-third since 1967, in large part due to the suc-cess of our safety net programs. It con-tinues to help millions. In an average month, the food stamp program bene-fits help feed one in four children in the United States. What good news, then, that, Mr. Speaker, his view of what should hap-pen is that if people are humiliated enough, that in fact they will try to figure out how to make do for them-selves. That is not what this country is about. It is a slap in the face to hard-working Americans. It is time for a better deal for Americans, one that does prioritize job creation, as you have talked about, rising incomes, a 21st century economy that levels the playing field for the working class and the working poor. And I am reminded of the words of Bobby Kennedy, whose legacy fighting poverty should be a model for all of us, and just let me quote him. Mr. Speak-er, I am sure the gentleman has read this quote, if I know him: ‘‘I believe that as long as there is plenty, poverty is evil. Government belongs wherever evil needs an adversary and there are people in distress.’’ This is what our role and our respon-sibility is, is to help to provide that op-portunity. Do not let people be aban-doned in this country for some ideolog-ical views or the sense that we need to make sure that the wealthiest, the mil-lionaires, the billionaires, the corpora-tions, need to be the winners in our so-ciety. It is not just Congress’ moral obliga-tion to help those in poverty, it is our duty. That is why we were elected to come to this institution. We should not be abandoning the people who put their faith and trust in all of us. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the gen-tleman for focusing on this issue and thank him for including me. b1815 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. No, the thanks are all mine, my friend and colleague, for your passion and your empathy for understanding. Since I quoted Scripture, I just want to tell people watching, we were both raised Catholics, and a lot of that brings in the social gospel and our pas-sion for it. I am not a Biblical scholar, so I may refer to something inac-curately. I thank the gentlewoman for her life-time commitment on these issues. And how important at this critical moment where we live in this Dickens- kind of America, where we are doing so much as a survivor of cancer, both of us, and we know of the investments in the NIH and the National Cancer Insti-tute and every other disease. There is just this strange dichotomy in this Dickens-kind of world where we are benefiting from rational, dispassionate, bipartisan efforts on that hand, and on the other hand, we let this continue to exist. And I would argue that we are making it worse in our decisions in the last 2 months. So I thank the gentle-woman for being here. This chart, to be boring after that wonderful, compassionate moment, just talks about total wealth. So you see, the total wealth over these same periods of years for the richest 10 per-cent—this 15 percent is families be-tween 10 percent and 50, so this is the 50 percent margin. And this is every-thing below the 50 percent. So 50 percent of Americans are down here. The lowest 1 percent, you can see where their wealth is. Wealth inequal-ity is ever greater than income in-equality, so this is total wealth. In 1982, the poorest American listed on the Forbes list of America’s richest 400 had a net worth of $80 million, and they had a life of value. Many of those people had a very deep commitment to this country and a social commitment. I know many of those people. That generation, across the board, had a different view of things. But it was in our corporate culture, and I would argue, unfortunately, share-holder profits has driven too many very shortsighted investments in this country, both in the private sector and certainly in the public sector. In 2016, the richest Americans needed a net worth of $1.7 billion to reach the Forbes 400. The average member held a net worth of $6 billion, over 10 times the 1982 average, after adjusting for in-flation. We will go to our next chart, and then I will wrap up, Madam Speaker. The net worth of America’s top 1 per-cent holds nearly half of the national wealth invested in stock and mutual funds. So this goes to watching the stock market—while it is important for this country and I am not dispar-aging that—this disconnect, it may be going up, but does it benefit everyone? It benefits everyone to a degree, but certainly to a lesser degree, I would argue, than it has in the past, in those years of post-World War II. The billion-aires who make the Forbes 400 list now have as much wealth as all African- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.074 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3137 April 11, 2018 
American households, plus a third of America’s Latino-Hispanic populations combined. In other words, 400 of our wealthiest citizens have as much wealth as 16 million African-American households, and 5 million Hispanic- Latino households. At the end of the 20th century, the typical White family held a net worth six times greater than the typical Afri-can-American family. That gap is growing. So this particular chart is from the work by Piketty. The blue line, as you can see, is the percentage of capital, the amount of capital as a percentage of GDP in this country, and the red line is wages. These green bars are where we have had recessions. The important point to make in all of the slides is, the sweet spot where wages and capital were close to what Lincoln admonished us we should be, is where everybody benefited. And when you get to this, as in the Gilded Age, the concern here tonight is: What do we do about this? Do we respond, as we always have, through our civic institu-tions, to this institution, to this room, where Americans have struggled with these issues and come out with a prod-uct that largely benefited everyone, all Americans? And it didn’t benefit it based on any kind of demographic group. It bene-fited it in its best moments based on the merit of your hard work and will-ingness to work an honest day. Most Americans that I know, working people in my district and throughout this country that I have visited, don’t ask for too much, in my view. They aspire to make enough to buy a home, to raise a family, to retire in comfort, and to leave the next generation wealthier and fuller than their generation. We are failing in that obligation, and some of that obligation is for all of us. And I would reach out to those who are benefiting the most from this, and many of them, Warren Buffett and oth-ers, Bill Gates, have addressed this issue. But we really need them to lead us to a conversation about if this is right. If this historical record and the economic historians are right, how do we correct this? How do we correct it in such a way that is constructive and use these institutions to make sure that we improve upon this and really make America as great as it can be. So in my opening, I talked about the Christian admonition from the Bible about to those who are given much, much is expected, required. This has been through our political liturgy, such as it is in this room and others, that there is a social obligation, a so-cial contract. And we have an obliga-tion to protect individual hard work and merit. Those two things are things that Americans believe in. And when they work together, they work for ev-eryone. The other thing that has come from many of our spiritual backgrounds is something that John Winthrop talked about when he left England and brought those Puritans to the shore of Massachusetts to start anew, a place that I have been to many times in my youth growing up outside of Boston. But Mr. Winthrop, future-Governor Winthrop, admonished to his ship-mates, he said that where we are going, we should always be as a city upon a hill. And it comes from the Sermon on the Mount, that we should be as a city upon a hill because the rest of the world will look upon us. It has been popular in our culture in both parties. Jack Kennedy, in a speech in 1961 before the Massachusetts legislature as President said: ‘‘We must always consider that we shall be as a city upon a hill—the eyes of all people are upon us.’’ Today, the eyes of all people are truly upon us—and our governments, in every branch, at every level, national, State and local, must be as a city upon a hill. Kennedy continued and finished by saying history will not judge us, and I would say that this is true for us today, here. Kennedy said: ‘‘History will not judge our endeavors—and a govern-ment cannot be selected—merely on the basis of color or creed or even party affiliation. Neither will com-petence and loyalty and stature, while essential to the utmost, suffice in times such as these.’’ Kennedy concluded: ‘‘For those to whom much is given, much is re-quired.’’ And I conclude with Ronald Reagan who talked about a city on a hill often. He talked about it on the eve of his election in 1980. And as his farewell ad-dress, his last address to the country in the Oval Office on January 11, 1989, Reagan said: ‘‘I’ve spoken of the shin-ing city all my political life, but I don’t know if I ever quite commu-nicated what I saw when I said it. But in my mind it was a tall, proud city built on rocks stronger than oceans, windswept, God-blessed, and teeming with people of all kinds living in har-mony and peace; a city with free ports that hummed with commerce and cre-ativity.’’ And Reagan concluded by saying: ‘‘And if there had to be city walls, the walls had doors and the doors were open to anyone with the will and the heart to get here. That’s how I saw it, and see it still.’’ Ronald Reagan was right. Jack Ken-nedy was right. We should be as a city on a hill. And with the inequality we currently have in this country, I would argue the rest of the world does not look at us that way. If we want to fulfill those obligations handed down to us through Scripture and our own political scripture, we have to have the courage and the con-fidence to address these issues in this Chamber. Madam Speaker, I yield back. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I come into the conclusion of a very in-teresting day and week. Our current Speaker of the House, of course, has announced that he is not going to be seeking reelection. I think he made it clear before he was elected Speaker that he really wasn’t seeking the posi-tion. He didn’t really want the posi-tion. He had other things in mind. He enjoyed his chairmanship, but he ended up stepping up to the plate, being elected Speaker. And for his willing-ness to serve, he is to be applauded. I have appreciated having a Speaker who, even when we disagreed, I knew he always tried to be honest and was somebody that wanted to do the right thing. So I appreciate that very much. We hadn’t always had that, and I ap-preciated having that from Speaker P
AULRYAN. Some of my colleagues have said: ‘‘Gee, Louie, we have gotten calls say-ing you ought to run for Speaker again.’’ And so I really appreciate that, but I need to make clear: Back in De-cember of 2014, after the Speaker—at that time, John Boehner—had pushed through a CR/Omnibus bill that imme-diately broke many of the promises that got Republicans elected back to the majority in November of 2014, after the promises, so many of our promises and the Speaker’s promises were bro-ken in that December 2014 CR/Omnibus, a number of us realized, we have got to have a new Speaker. We can’t go through 2 years like this, these kinds of outrageous, broken promises with the country suffering under ObamaCare, so many problems that were before us. So we began to try to get enough Re-publicans. We did the numbers. We knew that if all of the Republicans voted, we needed 29 Republicans to vote for any living person to be Speak-er who was not the current Speaker, John Boehner. And we tried for like 3 weeks. We couldn’t get more than nine people to agree to vote for someone other than John Boehner. The vote was coming up on the House floor on Tuesday, and on Friday night I got a call from T
HOMAS  M
ASSIE and J IMBRIDENSTINE , two of the finest people who ever served in Congress—two of the smartest as well, people of real integrity. And T
HOMAS  said, ‘‘Louie, Jim had a brilliant idea, and we need to talk to you about it.’’ And J
IMBRIDENSTINE , who, like I say, was brilliant, served our Nation in the Air Force, graduated from Rice Univer-sity, which has rather high standards of intelligence to be admitted. And J
IM said: ‘‘Hey wait, Thomas, would you re-peat that part about a guy from Rice having a brilliant idea, you being a guy from MIT?’’ And anyway, they got on and they said: ‘‘We are stuck with nine people. We can’t get past nine people. We need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.075 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3138 April 11, 2018 
29 Republicans to vote for somebody besides Speaker Boehner.’’ And if we can get to 29, of course, that was our goal. The whole goal, though—to make a full disclosure—the plan was, if we could get 29 Republicans to vote for somebody besides John Boehner, then that would throw it into a second bal-lot for the first time since 1923. b1830 There was some point back in the 1800s, mid-1800s, when they had over 60 ballots cast before they elected a Speaker. But that was a goal, and we knew if we got 29 and we got to a sec-ond ballot, then we could call for an emergency conference among the Re-publicans, go down and meet in HC–5 downstairs, and we knew the 29 of us would be belittled, fussed at, and yelled at. I could say: Look, you can yell at us and call us whatever names you want, but we are not changing our vote. So let’s agree to a compromise Speaker. By that afternoon, we expected to have a compromise Speaker. There were a number of potential people who would have been acceptable. That was the plan. T
HOMAS , JIM, and I, all three, knew that if I announced, then there would be an awful lot of people in our party who would hate me for the rest of my life or their life, whichever came first. The point that T
HOMAS and J IMmade was that we have a number of our Members who have been hearing from constituents who have said: Look, we want you to vote for somebody besides John Boehner for Speaker. There had been a poll done that showed that, as I recall, 61 percent of nationwide Repub-lican voters across the country wanted somebody besides John Boehner as Speaker. So as some of our Members heard from constituents saying to vote for anybody but Boehner. They said: I would. I would vote for anybody but John Boehner if someone else formally announced. But no one has formally announced, so I am not just going to throw my vote away, and that would satisfy their constituents. T
HOMAS ’ and J IM’s point was that, if you announce, then they will hear from all of those thousands of constituents saying: Hey, you said if somebody an-nounced, and now a Republican has an-nounced, so keep your promise and vote for somebody besides Boehner. The thinking of T
HOMAS and J IMwas that, if we do that and you announce, then that would make those guys so uncomfortable that had been promising I would vote for anybody but Boehner if somebody announces, that we could finally get to the 29. We have been stuck on nine for weeks now. So I had asked them to let me give it some thought overnight. The next morning, there was a conference call already scheduled with all nine of us. I said: Let’s talk about it in the morning and give me a chance to think about it. What occurred to me is what I told the other eight Members who had agreed to vote for somebody besides the current Speaker, John Boehner: Look, guys, I have given this a lot of thought. If I am the only one who an-nounces, then you will have both main-stream media and you will have Repub-lican and Democratic reporters casting this as an election between this crazy guy from Texas, even though I feel quite certain that I scored much, much higher than my opponent would have at that time. They will say that he is crazy, and poor John Boehner is deal-ing with this crazy guy. I said that what occurred to me is that, if one of you guys sent out word that you were announcing, then I could ask FOX News if I could come on to an-nounce, and during the announcement I could make clear that this isn’t about me being Speaker. It is about getting a different Speaker. So-and-so an-nounced yesterday; somebody else may announce tomorrow. It is about getting a new Speaker. TEDYOHOsaid: Well, L OUIE, if that is all it will take to get you to announce, I will send out an announcement this afternoon announcing that I am run-ning for Speaker. I said: Okay. T
ED, if you announce you are running for Speaker, send out that announcement today. As soon as it goes out, I will call FOX News to see if I can come on. That all happened. T
EDsent out the press release. I called FOX News, and they let me on early that morning. I made it back from Dallas to Tyler in time to go to church, and the struggle was on. But I knew, and all eight of our other patriot Republicans in the House knew, that by my announcing formally as a candidate for Speaker, which would bring about so much response from their constituents demanding that Members vote for somebody besides Boehner now that somebody has for-mally announced, those people who were made to feel very uncomfortable because of my announcement and the wrath they heard from constituents, some would probably never forgive me and would be angry with me. It would mean that I would never be able to be elected to any position. Even if we had a dogcatcher in the House, I could never get elected to that after I worked to have made that many people angry. And I made a lot of people angry. People were calling by the thousands up here. I had many Members tell me they had gotten over 1,000 calls from constituents saying: Vote for L
OUIE. There was one article that got it right, that reported accurately that I was overheard a number of times say-ing: Look, guys, you know that Boeh-ner is going to be mad at you if you don’t vote for him; but you know he is going to be doubly mad at you if you vote for me because of how strongly he feels about me. So vote for anybody. You pick a living person and name them as your vote. We have got to have 29. If we get 29, we will have a com-promise candidate for Speaker. Clear-ly, it would never be me after I made that many people angry. So overnight, Sunday night, we started getting new people to pledge that they were willing to vote for someone besides Boehner. I encouraged people to vote for somebody besides me so you don’t make Boehner totally mad. JIMBRIDENSTINE said: L OUIE, I am going to nominate you on the floor, and all I would ask is that you at least vote for yourself if I am going to nomi-nate you so that I am not the only one voting for you. He had been hearing me tell others to vote for anybody but me; it is fine. We just need to get to 29. So I said: Absolutely, J
IM. If you are gutsy enough to stand up and nominate me for Speaker, I will absolutely vote for myself so that you don’t look, in some way, lame. I will always treasure and appreciate the words that J
IMBRIDENSTINE said and the things that he spoke during his nomination, even during so much of the uproar against me by some of my colleagues. It still warms my heart to hear what J
IMBRIDENSTINE had to say here on the floor about me. He has been nominated by our Presi-dent to be head of NASA. B
RIDENSTINE  is probably one of the smartest people to be named as head of NASA. He has been in the sky. He has served his country nobly and well, both flying planes and flying the rules of the House here in Congress. He would be an abso-lutely incredible asset to NASA and to this country once he is confirmed. I had asked some other people—I imagine J
IMknows—but what I have heard from other people is that it is not the Democrats who have a hold on J
IMBRIDENSTINE for head of NASA; it is actually our own Senator M
ARCO  R
UBIO. Now, that is what I was told by some people I trust. If that is the case, I know that B
RIDENSTINE didn’t support Senator R
UBIO in the primary for President, but B
RIDENSTINE is one of the finest, most qualified, and most intelligent people we could ever hope to have as head of NASA. If what I was told is true, that for some reason M
ARCO RUBIO has a grudge against J
IMBRIDENSTINE , I hope that he will do the right thing, put that grudge aside, whatever it is, and get this incredibly noble and qualified man into being head of NASA. We can’t keep hurting our country with these kinds of actions by Republicans. So I appreciate very much, Madam Speaker, people calling and encour-aging me to run for Speaker, but I knew exactly when I announced for Speaker before, there would be people who would likely never forgive me for making their lives so uncomfortable. I had a goal. I just knew in my soul, if we didn’t get a new Speaker soon, we would lose the majority at the end of 2016. If Congress had been in such dismal shape in 2016, it would have hurt any chance we had of possibly winning the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.077 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3139 April 11, 2018 
Presidency. I just knew this country was in such rough shape that we had to do that. Even though it meant people hating me and being angry at me for years to come, it was worth it to try to help my country. I was willing to do that. So I appreciate the calls, and I appre-ciate the encouragement, but I was willing to sacrifice any possibility that I would ever be elected to anything by other Members of Congress in order to get a different Speaker. We ended up with P
AULRYAN, and de-spite our disagreement on some things, I knew he was always trying to be hon-est, and I will always appreciate that. We all know that we did not lose the majority in the House and our failure under Speaker Boehner did not hurt us and keep us from being able to elect a Republican President. So I think those are good things that arose out of it, but now we need to be looking ahead for the future. I do think that people—unlike me— who might have a chance to be elected Speaker and who have not done things like anger my colleagues by announc-ing back in 2015, people who have a chance need to put together a plan of action, something like a Contract with America, not a farce like was put to-gether that Speaker Boehner helped di-rect, which was the Pledge to America. As soon as we were elected after that pledge, the pledge was abandoned by Speaker Boehner. We need an agreement: You reelect us to the majority, here are the things we are going to do, and then do them. I appreciate what my friend T
HOMAS  M
ASSIE said to a reporter earlier this afternoon. The reporter was demanding of Congressman M
ASSIE what he saw would ultimately be the result of a race for Speaker. T
HOMAS MASSIE said: Well, I see this race for Speaker a lot like NASCAR. There are many, many laps to go, and I am sure there will be some spectacular crashes before we fin-ish that race. So I think that could very well be the case. There are many, many laps to go in the race for Speaker that we didn’t even know about until this morning, and T
HOMAS is probably right. There will probably be some spectacular crashes along the way in that race to be Speaker. We just need people who believe in the power of prayer to be praying for an honest and honorable Speaker who will follow the right plan, and then we will go from there. Also, I want to touch on this incred-ible investigation not of a crime—we have long since gotten past a special counsel, Special Counsel Mueller, in-vestigating a crime which, under laws and regulations, is a requirement to even appoint a special counsel. You have to have a crime in order to have a special counsel. As we found out, there was no crime that could be point-ed to, yet they raised the question maybe the Trump campaign somehow colluded with Russia. As we have heard from Comey and so many others, there is no evidence of Donald Trump colluding with Russia or the Trump campaign to change the outcome of the election. b1845 So what the special counsel’s job has morphed into, illegally, I might add, is the special counsel no longer being in pursuit of a specified crime in the ap-pointment of special counsel to inves-tigate; but he now has a person target, Donald Trump, and he has taken his job to be search everything you can, now raid his lawyer’s office so that you can try to find some crime unrelated to Donald Trump that you could use in evidence to prove against his lawyer, Michael Cohen. And then, once we have found suffi-cient crimes, we will tell Michael Cohen: Okay, we have got evidence that will put you in prison for life, or 1,000 years, whatever they are going to do, unless you agree to tell us some-thing—don’t care if it is true or untrue; we need you to say it is true—that Donald Trump committed a crime, and then we won’t prosecute you. That has to be what that big raid was all about, because even if Donald Trump told his attorney, Mr. Cohen, anything that had to do with a poten-tial crime for which Mr. Cohen was rep-resenting him, they could not intro-duce that. That would be privileged, covered by the attorney/client relation-ship, the privilege. I know absolutely, without any question in my mind, that Donald Trump never made a question admitting guilt in anything because he certainly convinced me that he is not guilty of anything. Nothing that has been proven. But as The Heritage Foundation es-tablished in recent years, there are so many laws that carry criminal pen-alties that incorporate regulations that unelected bureaucrats have put in place so that if you violate a regula-tion, then you could be convicted, put in prison. We have had hearings in prior years in Judiciary Committee. The estimate is probably over 5,000 Federal crimes. And we are not even sure how many there are, but probably over 5,000. And so many of them incorporate regula-tions: If you violate the regulation pro-mulgated by this agency or depart-ment, then you are guilty of a crime, and you can go to prison. So we heard some horror stories; such as, the gentleman, nerd, up in the northwest trying to create some kind of new, better battery. And he knew the laws and the requirements how to take care of chemicals, and he was very fastidious in doing that, followed the law, legal requirements, on keeping chemicals that he used to try to de-velop this battery. And one day he is driving along in his little fuel-efficient, small car, and he has three suburbans swoop up: one behind, one in front, one to the side. They force him off the road. They grab him out of his little car, throw him to the ground, boot in the back, handcuff him. He had no idea what he had done, and he didn’t learn for quite some time. But he had sent some chemical to Alaska to be used to help research what he was trying to establish in making a new battery. This was my understanding from the testimony we had at the hearing. So, since he was sending something by mail to Alaska, then, under venue statutes, that al-lowed the U.S. attorney to prosecute either in his home State, in the conti-nental U.S., or in Alaska; and since he really wasn’t friends with anybody in Alaska, they drug him up to Alaska, threw him in jail there with a high bond for no reason other than the Jus-tice Department being ruthless. And they tried this man for commit-ting the heinous crime of violating a regulation that required, if someone sent this particular substance through the mail, it had to go by ground. He knew that. He checked the box to mail by ground only. He didn’t realize that even when you check the box ‘‘by ground only’’ there was a regulation that said that wasn’t good enough; you also had to get this Federal stamp to put on there that had a picture of an airplane with a line across the airplane so that it wasn’t supposed to be taken in the air. He got thrown to the ground, badly abused, taken to jail in Alaska, tried for a Federal felony because he didn’t put a little sticker on with a plane with a line through it. Well, the jury did the right thing. They did a jury nullification and found him not guilty, although technically he was guilty of not putting that little sticker on there. They felt like he had been punished enough. They found him not guilty. So he was ready to go home, but the Justice Department was so angry that he had been acquitted that they looked for anything to try to keep him incar-cerated. And what they came up with was another statute that said, if any-one ever leaves certain substances un-attended for so many days, then they are strictly liable, they are guilty of a Federal felony of abandoning these chemicals. And there is no defense for the fact that you were kept away from those chemicals 100 percent involun-tarily, against your will. So, as I understood from what we got at our hearing, he ended up being con-victed of abandoning these chemicals, even though he didn’t abandon them. The Justice Department was guilty of that, not him. But those were the regu-lations. They were properly stored, but he was forced to go to Alaska. He couldn’t stay there with his chemicals, and he went to prison for that. Now, I bring all that up to say that there are probably thousands of cases like that. We heard about a number of others. And The Heritage Foundation’s point was that probably most Ameri-cans have committed Federal felonies we don’t even know about because of some technical violation like that gen-tleman had that ended up with him being incarcerated for 18 months or so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.079 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3140 April 11, 2018 
So if we abandon the constitutional approach to proving crimes in America that you are innocent until proven guilty and that judges are not allowed to give search warrants, or even arrest warrants, unless—well, for search war-rants, under the Fourth Amendment, items are described with particularity that are to be searched for, and the area to be searched is identified with particularity. You have got to be spe-cific. And in this case, we have a special counsel who is out of control. I have told the President, I have said in the media: Mueller should be investigated himself. And I can’t help but think that Rosenstein, as deputy attorney general, and Mueller, as special coun-sel, are running out the clock on stat-utes of limitation for any crimes they may have committed in stifling the in-vestigation under Rosenstein’s control as U.S. attorney and Mueller’s control as FBI Director into Russia trying to gain control over American uranium. And we also know that Comey has admitted he leaked information, which should be pretty easy to prove is a crime. He admitted it. He should be in-vestigated. Each time Mueller’s special counsel team has leaked information, it most likely has been a crime as well, for which Mueller needs to be inves-tigated and held to account. Each time there has been a leak about the President that contained in-formation that it was a crime to leak, Mueller should have been all over that. But the trouble, we know, if he were to be investigating the most obvious crimes being committed, then he would be most likely under arrest himself. We need to know: Rosenstein and Mueller, were they complicit in helping ensure that Russia would end up with such a sizable amount, 20 percent or so, of our uranium? They had a person under cover that was giving them in-formation showing that Russians were committing crimes; and, as far as we can tell, they made sure nothing was done so that nothing would prevent some of the Cabinet members approv-ing the sale of U.S. uranium. That needs to be investigated. The leaks that we know have been committed that are crimes, they need to be investigated. Obviously that is going to take a second counsel, a spe-cial counsel. And no, even appointing a current U.S. attorney somewhere to in-vestigate the special counsel and Comey and Rosenstein, it is going to have to be outside of the current Jus-tice Department, outside the current U.S. attorney. And it seems pretty clear to me, no one would need as many of the heart-less prosecutors as Mueller has hired. It is obvious he is on a witch hunt. Seemed pretty obvious to some of us that, by his outrageous activity in raiding a lawyer’s office, he was prob-ably hoping the President would fire Mueller. That is an indication he really doesn’t have anything; he has gotten desperate and is trying to manipulate lawyer Cohen and, in the alternative, trying to get evidence that they could use to squeeze Cohen to get him to tes-tify, even creating a crime if he has to. That seems pretty serious. But you look at the history of what Robert Mueller has been engaged in, the way he destroyed the life of Ted Stevens. He probably would still be a Senator today and be alive were it not for Robert Mueller’s FBI. b1900 And what of the supervising FBI agent who we found out had helped manufacture evidence and hid evidence that proved Ted Stevens was inno-cent—not just a reasonable doubt, defi-nitely proving he was innocent? Well, she continued on with the FBI. I don’t know if she is still with them, but the person who was the whistleblower was run out of the FBI pretty quickly. He was notified he would not be allowed to investigate any more criminal cases, which means he has got to get out. So Mueller made sure the guilty, ma-licious prosecuting FBI agent was re-warded and the honest, honorable FBI agent was punished. We saw what he did to Dr. Hatfill, who was not guilty of any crime, yet Mueller was inces-sant in trying to establish that he was guilty for a number of years without any proof whatsoever. And that is, of course, why Dr. Hatfill ended up with a $6 million or so settlement from the Federal Government. But the great consistent thing about Robert Mueller—no matter how many lives he destroys, how many people, like the two in Boston who died in pris-on of a crime that Mueller’s FBI agents he was supervising had totally framed—he was still there at the end trying to keep them from being pa-roled, even till eventually they ended up with a $100 million-plus settle-ment—but no matter how many lives he destroys, how many people he pushes for malicious prosecution, how many businesses he may jeopardize, his great consistency is he never apolo-gizes. It doesn’t matter who he de-stroys or what he destroys. He won’t ever apologize. And you got to really admire a guy who is so strong-headed that despite any crimes that he or those working for him may commit or people who may die, as happened at Boston as he refused to adequately investigate the— twice, the tip that was given twice by Russia that the older Tsarnaev was a radical Islamist and going to kill peo-ple. Under Mueller, he made sure that FBI agents purged the training mate-rial, and then he made sure that—from what agents have told me, they make you, as an FBI agent, feel like that if you receive a complaint or a notice that an American citizen has noticed suspicious activity by somebody who says appears to be a practicing Muslim, but they are gathering guns, maybe gathering materials to build bombs or like the guns out in San Diego, what Mueller made sure his agents were trained to know when they got a com-plaint about a potential radical Islamist threat is it tells you that the person making the complaint or giving the information about a potential rad-ical Islamist terrorist is an Islamophobe and you really need to in-vestigate the person making the com-plaint about or giving the information about the potential terrorist, that is who you need to investigate. As I have been told by former FBI agents, it was like Mueller made us look under every rock for Islamophobes rather than looking for radical terrorists. What a legacy. It will be in history books in years to come. Not current ones. Because as long as the Federal Government is involved in education, history is not taught, and when it is, so often it is not taught appropriately, but perhaps it is after the rise and fall of the United States, but at some point history books will record how amazing it was that America could select a spe-cial counsel who had done so much damage, blinding the FBI of its ability to see what a radical Islamic terrorist was doing, and maliciously prosecuting people, and they are going to say: Are these potential indications of the fall of the civilization that rewards people who are not actually defending the country but prosecuting patriots with-in the country? It is a very interesting time. I don’t think we have to get to that. I think if we can get a second special counsel to investigate Comey; his men-tor and bosom buddy, Robert Mueller; and Mr. Rosenstein—I mean, for heav-en’s sake, we find out that Mr. Rosen-stein not only was involved in the Rus-sian investigation, knew that they were trying to illegally obtain U.S. uranium, but that he also signed at least one of the requests for a warrant extension on a Trump campaign mem-ber, even when he knew that it was sa-lacious allegations, that the allega-tions were not verified, and that the Clinton campaign was behind the pro-duction, as was a foreign intelligence agent out for hire who also hated Don-ald Trump. So, I mean, for heaven’s sake, Mr. Rosenstein obviously committed at least one fraud upon the FISA court, which brings me back around again to the point: I think it is time to get rid of the FISA courts. Let’s go back to having Federal courts that can be trusted but just can’t make everything secret. Let’s make sure that we have a le-gitimate judge who can’t be sure that everything will be so secret that he or she feels comfortable just granting 99.9 percent of the requests. I know I have read the one that was made for a war-rant to get Verizon to disclose all of its information about all of its customers; and when I read the affidavit that came out from WikiLeaks and I read the ap-plication, I was astonished. It burst my bubble of thinking we could trust the FISA courts because there was no particularity. It said, just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.080 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3141 April 11, 2018 
basically, we don’t know of any crimes being committed, but we do need every Verizon customers’ records, and that is what the application said. Yeah, we just need every—we need a warrant to require Verizon to give us every cus-tomers’ records, all the records they have got. And the judge, a nominated and con-firmed Federal judge just signed off on it. Oh, sure, you want every record. No crime has been committed. There is no particularity of describing a particular thing to be seized or a person who has committed a crime or anything like that, just give us all the records you have got on everybody you got records on. And the FISA court judge just signed it. Again, I come back to the fact: any judge—Federal, State, or local—who has lawyers come before that court and commit a fraud upon the court, as bla-tant as was committed in extending, getting a search warrant and con-tinuing a search warrant on a member of the Trump campaign, even though it was such a brief time, and four times they got that warrant, extended three times, apparently, and the judges are not outraged enough to call the law-yers to account? Well, we find out at least one of the parties involved was apparently dear friends with the Federal judge, so I guess, to that Federal judge, if you are a dear friend and you lie to the judge or you participate in the fraud upon the court, it is okay, because you are friends; whereas, an honorable, up-right, honest American would be out-raged that a friend would participate in a fraud upon the court. But until we can see that the FISA courts can be trusted, I think we need to come back to that issue. We need to redesign courts. Yes, I know there are agents in this world who want to de-stroy the United States of America and our freedom, and some things would need to be done in camera, some records would need to be sealed, but we can’t keep doing this where FISA judges can make outrageously uncon-stitutional rulings, granting warrants, and no accountability. And the thing here is, I would be say-ing this if this were being done to a Democrat. I would be saying this if it were done, you know, to anybody. It is just so wrong, and I am hoping that eventually, at some point, some of my friends across the aisle will say: Wait a minute, we can’t keep allowing the United States Department of Justice to be spying on American citizens. We surely can go a ways further as a na-tion before we become quite so Orwell-ian as has occurred in the FISA court and in this special counsel vilification of individuals. They have got their person. Now, I am sure they would be pleased to indict the President if they could find that perhaps he ever mailed a substance that didn’t have the little sticker with the airplane on it with a line through it. They are looking for anything they can get. It is like Eric Holder said re-cently in an interview: I know Robert Mueller, and he won’t stop until he gets something on Trump—something like that. I think he is right. It is time to fire Rosenstein. It is time to have Rosen-stein, Mueller, and Comey inves-tigated. It is time to get down to what we know has been occurring, that it so clearly appears to be Federal felonies. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
PROTECT AMERICAN CONSUMERS AND DEFEND THE CONSUMER FI-NANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
AETZ ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) for 30 minutes. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, thank you so much. We are here today to declare our strongest resolve and determination to protect American consumers and de-fend the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau. The Bureau is under assault by the current administration, the Republican administration, and we will do every-thing in our power to guard it and to protect it so that it can protect con-sumers. I am pleased to stand here with Democratic House members of the Fi-nancial Services Committee and of the Joint Economic Committee. I would like to thank Ranking Member M
AXINE  W
ATERS for her leadership and for working collaboratively with me to or-ganize this important Special Order. b1915 It is fitting that the Financial Serv-ices Committee Democrats lead efforts to protect the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau, because we created it in 2009 when we passed the landmark Wall Street Reform and Consumer Pro-tection Act, known as Dodd-Frank for Senator Chris Dodd and our former col-league and chairman, Barney Frank. It is also fitting that Democratic House Members of the Joint Economic Committee participate because the at-tack on the CFPB not only hurts con-sumers, but harms businesses and our overall broader economy. Let’s put things in historical perspec-tive. During the last 2 years of the George W. Bush administration, we suf-fered what former Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke called ‘‘the worst financial crisis in global history, in-cluding the Great Depression.’’ The former Chair of the Joint Eco-nomic Committee for President Obama, Christina Roamer, said that the economic shocks during that period were five times greater than the Great Depression. In the last month of the Bush Presi-dency alone, our economy lost over 800,000 private sector jobs. We were hemorrhaging 800,000 jobs a month. Nearly $13 trillion in household wealth was completely lost. Home values plunged, on average, by almost 20 per-cent. Millions of people lost their homes. And at the peak of the reces-sion, unemployment reached 10 per-cent. African-American unemployment reached almost 17 percent, and Latino unemployment was 13 percent. In short, millions of Americans lost their jobs and millions lost their homes. At the root of the economic cri-sis were bad mortgages sold to families that could not afford them, a lack of consumer protections to shield Ameri-cans from financial predators. No single government agency was dedicated to protecting consumers. They were dedicated to protecting banks and other financial institutions. But often consumer concerns was a sec-ondary thought, a third thought, or not thought about at all. So Democrats wrote and passed into law the Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act, and at the heart was the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau. Its sole purpose was to prevent this type of economic disaster and to protect consumers. Consumers want and need protection. The Federal Government sets and en-forces safety standards on a wide vari-ety of consumer goods. But until 2010, with the passage of the Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act, there were few protections for con-sumers of financial products—and many, many abuses. Senator ELIZABETH WARREN , in her groundbreaking article, called for the creation of an agency dedicated solely to protecting consumers of financial products, pointed out the absurdity of not protecting consumers: ‘‘It is impossible to buy a toaster that has a one-in-five chance of burst-ing into flames and burning down your house. But it is possible to refinance an existing home with a mortgage that has the same one-in-five chance of put-ting the family out on the street. . . .’’ What is good enough for toasters and washing machines and cars, she argued, is good enough for mortgages. And it certainly would help our people. She was right. And that is a primary reason that we must defend the original mis-sion of the CFPB today. Ranking Member W
ATERS will de-scribe some of the excellent work of the CFPB, which they have done to protect consumers. Three numbers bear pointing out: In the first 6 years, the CFPB handled more than 1.2 million complaints and has delivered almost $12 billion—bil-lion, as in B—in relief, and sent that money back to consumers for their use in their pockets and their homes, to nearly 30 million consumers who had been harmed. My Republican colleagues call this ‘‘regulatory overreach’’ or government run amuck. They want the CFPB to be less aggressive. In other words, they don’t want the CFPB there to protect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.082 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3142 April 11, 2018 
and help consumers. In fact, it is doing exactly what it is intended to do: pro-tect ordinary Americans against finan-cial predators. I dare opponents of the CFPB to in-form those 30 million Americans who have received almost $12 billion in re-lief of their plans to weaken the agen-cy. For those who want to neuter the CFPB and consumer protections, it is outrageous, it is wrong, and Democrats are going to fight this like you would never believe. I would like to draw your attention to one very important function of the CFPB: enforcing the Credit Card-holders’ Bill of Rights, the CARD Act, which I am proud to have authored. The CARD Act prevents what were some of the worst abuses of the credit card industry. It used to be almost out of control. You couldn’t walk on the floor or down the street without people coming up to you and telling you sto-ries about credit card abuses. The bill was common sense. It cut out unfair, deceptive, anticompetitive actions by restricting fees. It protected consumers against retroactive rate in-creases on existing balances. In order to increase the rate, the consumer had to opt in and agree to an increased rate. What happened before is they would be told you can buy a car for $8,000 at a 6 percent interest rate. They would buy the car, then all of a sudden the rate was up to 20 percent, 30 percent, and consumers were caught in a never- ending cycle of debt. This bill requires the lenders to alert consumers of any rate increases, pre-vents double billing, and prevents lying. If you say your rate is one rate, then that is what the rate has to be. It prevents credit card companies from raising credit limits for people who can’t repay the debt. In 2016, the CFPB report found that the CARD Act alone saved American consumers over $12 billion. That is 12 billion, as in B. I call it the Democratic stimulus plan because it kept the money in the consumers’ hands and not in fees that were unfair. But it is not enough just for the CARD Act to exist. It also has to be en-forced. Enforcement of existing laws has been a critical function of the CFPB. Few would deny that the CFPB has been very effective. That is why I be-lieve the opponents, the Republican majority and others, are attacking it. The Trump administration has launched an assault on the CFPB. President Trump illegally appointed a man to head the CFPB who once said that he wished it didn’t exist. As a Member of Congress, he sponsored a bill to abolish it. Now, why would you put someone in charge of an agency who says they want to abolish it, unless you want to abolish it? This follows in the pattern of other appointments in this administration: putting people in charge of an agency that they fundamentally oppose. Now that Mick Mulvaney runs the CFPB, he is taking radical steps to make it ineffective. This means weak-ening consumer protections and re-stricting enforcement. We had a hearing today at the Finan-cial Services Committee this morning, and I asked him how many enforce-ment actions he has taken since he has started as the Acting Director for 5 months? His answer was none, zero. Now, under the former Director, Richard Cordray, the Bureau took roughly 70 enforcement actions. They were bringing one roughly every week to protect consumers. But now, under Mulvaney, they are bringing absolutely none. Weakening the CFPB and loosening consumer protections will make tens of millions of American families vulner-able. But it will also affect the econ-omy via an indirect route. A lack of effective protections will make it difficult for consumers to dif-ferentiate good products from bad. Reputable financial institutions that treat their consumers fairly—and there are many of them—will suffer with this uncertainty, and they will be incentivized to copy their disreputable competitors in a race to the bottom. In this way, weak consumer protec-tions can slow economic growth. As it turns out, what is good for consumers is also good for the economy. We have other people who are here to speak, but I do want to say that, in some ways, at the heart of a financial crisis was a lack of consumer protec-tion. Predatory lenders were able to sell bad mortgages. It was immensely profitable. They were what we called NINJA loans for people with no in-come, no job, and no assets. In New York, they used to say that, if you can’t afford your rent, go out and buy a house; it is easy to do. They were handing out bad loans and then securitizing mortgages on the sec-ondary market, which were destined to fail. And they bought insurance—de-fault swaps—to supposedly eliminate risk, which, in fact, only made it riskier. A giant wave of mortgage de-faults ignited the financial crisis, lead-ing to the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. Economists have said over and over again we could have saved our economy from this terrible $15 trillion loss of home values and home assets if we just had good management and protection of consumers. And it all began with a mountain of bad mortgages, many of them unfair and predatory. If the CFPB had existed at that time and if it had implemented current mortgage standards, we would not have had that financial crisis. So I would say Mick Mulvaney and other opponents of the CFPB should have learned a lesson from the cata-strophic financial crisis that caused many Americans to lose their homes and their jobs, and we are still recov-ering. The philosopher, George Santayana, said that those who forget the past are destined to repeat it. So now the effort by the Republican majority to roll back the protections from the Wall Street Reform Act and to roll back the protections from the CFPB are increas-ing the probability of another catas-trophe. We don’t want that to happen, and that is why we defend Dodd-Frank, and that is why we will fight to oppose efforts, in any way, shape, or form, to weaken the CFPB. Why in the world would anyone want to weaken protections for working men and women? Now, one of the great leaders in this country for working men and women and for fair treatment under the laws of our country is the esteemed ranking member of the Financial Services Com-mittee from the great State of Cali-fornia, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS , a tireless advocate for consumers and the work of the CFPB. She has led Democrats on numerous efforts to maintain the structure, independence, and power of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau so that it can continue working for you, working for the people, the American families, the consumers that we have in our country. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor to yield to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), the dis-tinguished ranking member. b1930 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman M
ALONEY for helping to make sure that we come to the floor this evening so that we can speak up for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening, along with my Democratic colleagues on the Financial Services Committee, to discuss a central component of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau. Mr. Speaker, I really want to thank my colleague, Mrs. M
ALONEY , for orga-nizing this event with me tonight. Mrs. M
ALONEY is a valuable member of the Financial Services Committee and she is also a leader on the Joint Economic Committee, she serves on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. She is a very, very busy Member of this Congress, and I don’t know exactly how she finds time to do everything that she does, but I am so grateful for the opportunity to serve with her, be-cause of her dedication and her com-mitment, not only to her constituents, but to the citizens of this country, and particularly focused on consumer pro-tection. The Consumer Bureau is vitally im-portant in protecting American con-sumers from unfair, deceptive, or abu-sive practices by financial institutions all across the country. Following the financial crisis, Con-gress created the Consumer Bureau in order to ensure that Americans have a regulator solely focused on ensuring that they are not preyed on by bad ac-tors. The need for such an agency was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.084 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3143 April 11, 2018 
made very clear by the 2008 crisis, which was driven by unchecked, decep-tive, predatory lending that caused millions of American families to lose their homes. The Consumer Bureau has been an enormous success, and under the lead-ership of Richard Cordray, the agency worked exactly as we intended it to. The Consumer Bureau has returned nearly $12 billion to over 30 million consumers who have been harmed by fi-nancial institutions. The agency has also addressed more than 1.2 million consumer complaints about financial institutions. But now Donald Trump has moved to ‘‘do a big number on Dodd-Frank’’ and undermine the Consumer Bureau. De-spite the fact that the Dodd-Frank statute is very clear that the deputy director of the Consumer Bureau shall serve as acting director in the absence or unavailability of the director, Presi-dent Trump illegally appointed his Of-fice of Management and Budget Direc-tor, Mick Mulvaney, to serve as acting director. Because Mr. Mulvaney serves at the pleasure of the President as OMB Director, President Trump now has an inappropriate level of influence over the operations and activities of the Consumer Bureau, which is an independent agency that is supposed to be outside of the authority of the exec-utive branch. Since his illegal appointment, Mr. Mulvaney has indeed been carrying out President Trump’s harmful agenda and working to reverse much of the impor-tant progress that the agency has made. This is not surprising given that Mulvaney previously stated, ‘‘I don’t like the fact that the CFPB exists,’’ and even called the Consumer Bureau a sick, sad joke. In his short time at the Consumer Bureau, Mr. Mulvaney has stripped the Office of Fair Lending and Equal Op-portunity of its enforcement and super-visory powers, in a move that badly weakens the agency’s ability to crack down on discriminatory lending. He has also taken zero public enforcement actions against financial institutions that harm consumers across the board during his tenure, even though his predecessor, Richard Cordray, initiated hundreds. In addition, Mr. Mulvaney has taken a series of actions that benefit preda-tory payday lenders, including the de-cision to halt implementation of the Consumer Bureau’s sensible payday rule, the decision to withdraw a law-suit against a group of payday lenders that allegedly misled consumers about the cost of loans, which had interest rates as high as 950 percent a year, and the decision to cease an investigation into World Acceptance Corporation, a high-cost installment lender which was reportedly engaging in abusive prac-tices. And, in fact, the former CEO of World Acceptance Corporation felt so comfortable with Mr. Mulvaney, that she had the audacity to send to him a letter requesting that she be appointed to run the whole agency as the direc-tor. So many of us were shocked at the audacity that she exhibited, and tried to find out from Mr. Mulvaney today, I did in particular, why did he halt the lawsuit against her company and why would she send him her resume to ask to be considered for the role of director of the Consumer Bureau. Mr. Mulvaney’s many harmful ac-tions send a signal to bad actors that they can get away with abusing con-sumers. What is more, Republicans have re-lentlessly attacked the Consumer Bu-reau since its inception. Despite what my Republican colleagues may have you believe, the leadership structure of the Consumer Bureau is not unique. In fact, there are other Federal regu-latory agencies with similar struc-tures, but these facts haven’t stopped Republicans and some in the industry from making legal challenges to its structure. That is why last year, I led 40 other current and former Members of Congress to file a brief with the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals in the P.H.H. case support of the Consumer Bureau’s independent structure and its clear constitutionality. And earlier this year, the court issued a decision up-holding the constitutionality of the Consumer Bureau’s structure. Republicans have been clamoring to weaken, impede, and ultimately de-stroy the Consumer Bureau since its creation. First, they did everything they could to block a director from being appointed in the first place, and since then, they have pushed measures to defund and dismantle the Consumer Bureau. The chairman has called for the Consumer Bureau to be ‘‘function-ally terminated,’’ and advanced legisla-tion, including H.R. 10, which I call the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act, to do so. Now, in Mick Mulvaney, Republicans have an ally to destroy the Consumer Bureau from within, but it is unclear why destroying the Consumer Bureau is at the top of the Republican agenda. There are constituents in every State who have been ripped off by financial institutions. Why aren’t Republicans fighting for them and for their finan-cial security? Mr. Speaker, Democrats will not allow the Consumer Bureau to be di-verted from its statutorily mandated mission of protecting consumers and serving as an independent watchdog. This agency is crucial for hard-working Americans, and its work must continue. Mr. Speaker, in my closing, I would like to thank Congresswoman M
ALO-
NEYfor the way that she conducted her questions today with Mr. Mulvaney in our committee and asked him how many cases had he taken up, what had he initiated against those companies that are committing fraud, only to find out that he has done nothing. She forced him to answer, and he had to admit, zero, that he has not taken any actions against any companies in this country who are involved in the kind of actions that the Consumer Bureau is designed to deal with and to force them to do the right thing. So, Mr. Speaker, in that, I would like to thank Congresswoman MALONEY for initiating this action this evening that we are taking to make sure everyone understands the importance of the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, and I appreciate working with her to get this done. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for her statement tonight and for her leadership. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the great State of Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ), and we welcome him. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative M
ALONEY and Ranking Member W
ATERS for providing me this opportunity to speak about the critical importance of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the CFPB. Mr. Speaker, during the recession, Nevada was ground zero for the hous-ing crisis. For 5 years, Nevada led the Nation in foreclosures. In 2010, 70 percent of Ne-vada homeowners were underwater on their homes. I saw firsthand as family, friends, neighbors, and constituents who lost their homes because of big banks and unscrupulous mortgage lenders. While Nevada has made a tremendous recovery since the recession, the scars are deep and still fresh. In the wake of the financial crisis, the CFPB was created to protect Amer-icans from unfair, deceptive, or abusive practices that led to the financial cri-sis, and to take action against compa-nies that break the law. The CFPB has cracked down on pred-atory lenders and aggressive debt col-lectors, and forced financial institu-tions to return over $11 billion to Americans who have been taken advan-tage of. Since 2011, the agency has been a re-source for thousands of my constitu-ents. More than 14,000 Nevadans have gone to the CFPB with complaints, and over 3,400 of them about mortgages. It is appalling that Mr. Mulvaney and congressional Republicans are focused on destroying the CFPB at the expense of American families. When someone has an unwarranted overdraft, an incorrect credit score, or is misled by their bank, they turn to the CFPB for help. I will do everything I can to ensure that Nevadans never again have to ex-perience the pain of being foreclosed on or being preyed upon by unscrupulous lenders. The cost to consumers is not only their livelihoods, but the future of our economy, because a strong economy in-cludes a strong consumer. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman for his really heartfelt report to us on how it affected his constitu-ents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.086 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3144 April 11, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R ECORD  an article in Roll Call on the impor-tance of the CFPB, and also the actions that the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau has taken by the numbers to help people in our country. 
MULVANEY ’SATTACKS ON CFPB H URT C
ONSUMERS AND ECONOMY  (By Rep. Carolyn Maloney) As a congressman, Mick Mulvaney once co- sponsored a bill to abolish the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau. And since being appointed by President Donald Trump to temporarily lead the agency, he has worked to cripple it from the inside. What he is doing will hurt consumers not once but twice—first, by letting off the hook financial institutions that take advantage of their customers, and second, by giving other companies large incentives to do the same. In its first six years, the CFPB has handled more than 1.2 million complaints and deliv-ered almost $12 billion in relief to nearly 30 million consumers. It has put in place new protections against payday lending, inves-tigated predatory payday lenders, fought mortgage servicers for wrongful foreclosures, established new mortgage standards to pro-tect homebuyers, and required lenders to verify that borrowers have the means to repay their loans. It also banned financial in-stitutions from using arbitration clauses to deny consumers the right to sue, took action against companies for illegal collection of student loan debt, ordered Wells Fargo to pay full restitution to customers for opening accounts without their consent, enforced the Credit Cardholders’ Bill of Rights, published a public database of consumer complaints, and established extensive educational mate-rials on financial products for consumers. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., who was the driving force behind the CFPB’s cre-ation, has pointed out that we shouldn’t put people in charge of agencies they want to de-stroy. That seems self-evident—unless the specific goal is to destroy it. Soon after his appointment, Mulvaney began weakening and radically changing the CFPB, stating that part of the agency’s new core mission statement would be to deregu-late financial products by ‘‘regularly identi-fying and addressing outdated, unnecessary or unduly burdensome regulations.’’ He has zealously pursued this new mission by putting a freeze on the implementation of all new rules, delaying long-planned rules to protect users of prepaid cards, halting the agency’s investigation of Equifax for failing to protect customers’ private information, weakening rules against predatory payday lenders, and pulling the plug on a suit against payday lenders that charged annualized interest rates of up to 950 per-cent. Mulvaney is trying to politicize the agency by placing political appointees in po-sitions normally staffed by nonpartisan civil servants. He also tried to starve the agency by requesting zero operating funds for the second quarter of fiscal 2018. The rollbacks won’t just hurt consumers, they will also hurt our economy. Fair regu-lations that protect consumers are essential for well-functioning markets. Without effec-tive rules, we’ve seen that some companies will cheat their customers. As word spreads, millions of consumers are forced to question whether products are safe or secure. This un-certainty leads them to buy less. Many busi-nesses—even those that treat their cus-tomers fairly—lose sales. The economy suf-fers. One would think that deregulators like Mulvaney would have learned a lesson from the 2007–2008 financial meltdown, which threw our economy into a devastating reces-sion. At the root of the crisis were the many lenders who convinced American consumers to purchase mortgages they could not afford, including the infamous NINJA loans to those with ‘‘no income, no job and no assets.’’ At first, companies that sold these predatory loans were on the outskirts of the industry, but when regulators failed to step in to pro-tect consumers, many reputable companies that feared being left off the gravy train jumped in. The mountain of subprime mortgages, sold and repackaged as securities presumably to eliminate risk, turned out to be a house of cards, resulting in what former Federal Re-serve Chairman Ben Bernanke called ‘‘the worst financial crisis in global history, in-cluding the Great Depression.’’ Millions of Americans lost their jobs or their homes. It took nine years for the economy to fully re-cover. Fair regulations that are enforced rigor-ously are critical not only to protect con-sumers, but because they are essential for markets to work efficiently. Deliberate ef-forts to undermine the CFPB will not only prove to be a raw deal for millions of Ameri-cans but can cause lasting damage to our economy. 
CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU : B
Y THE NUMBERS  $11.9 billion: Approximate amount of or-dered relief to consumers from CFPB super-visory and enforcement work, including: Approximately $3.8 billion in monetary compensation ordered to be returned con-sumers as a result of enforcement activity Approximately $7.7 billion in principal re-ductions, cancelled debts, and other con-sumer relief ordered as a result of enforce-ment activity $398 million in consumer relief as a result of supervisory activity 29 million: Consumers who will receive re-lief as a result of CFPB supervisory and en-forcement work $600 million+: Money collected in civil monetary penalties as a result of CFPB en-forcement work 1,242,800+: Complaints CFPB has handled as of July 1, 2017 13 million: Unique visitors to Ask CFPB 10.5 million: Mortgages consumers closed on after consumers received the CFPB’s Know Before You Owe disclosures 147: Banks and credit unions under the CFPB’s supervisory authority as of April 1, 2017 12 million: Consumers who are takeout payday loans each year; the CFPB has pro-posed rules to put an end to payday debt traps 70 million: Consumers who are contacted about debts in collection during the year; the CFPB is developing proposed rules to protect consumers from harmful collection practices 3,270+: Colleges voluntarily adopting the CFPB and Dept. of Ed Financial Aid Shop-ping Sheet 169: Visits to military installations by the Office of Servicemember Affairs since 2011 63: Times senior CFPB officials have testi-fied before Congress 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all of the hardworking people at the CFPB and those who worked to create it, and I thank my colleagues and friends for joining me tonight on this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 3445. An act to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of pro-grams under the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act and the Millennium Challenge Corporation, and for other purposes. H.R. 3979. An act to amend the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 to reauthorize the volun-teer services, community partnership, and refuge education programs of the National Wildlife Refuge System, and for other pur-poses. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 43 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, April 12, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4440. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter authorizing 15 officers to wear the insignia of the grade of major general or brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 4441. A letter from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s FY 2017 EEO Pro-gram Status Report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 4442. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medical Devices; Technical Amendment [Docket No.: FDA-2018-N-0011] received April 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4443. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, National Institutes of Health, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Pri-vacy Act; Implementation [Docket No.: NIH- 2016-0001] (RIN: 0925-AA63) received April 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4444. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Parts 74, 76 and 78 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding Mainte-nance of Copies of FCC Rules [MB Docket No.: 17-231]; Modernization of Media Regula-tion Initiative [MB Docket No.: 17-105] re-ceived March 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11AP7.087 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3145 April 11, 2018 
4445. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-04, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4446. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-71, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4447. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-72, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4448. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-65, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4449. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-10, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4450. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the 2017 Multinational Force and Observers Annual Report, pursuant to Sec. 6 of Public Law 97-132 for the period January 16, 2017, to January 15, 2018; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4451. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the annual report pursuant to Sec. 2(8) of the Senate’s Resolution of Advice and Consent to the Treaty with Australia Concerning Defense Trade Cooperation (Treaty Doc. 110-10); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4452. A letter from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4453. A letter from the Director, Equal Em-ployment Opportunity and Inclusion, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Ad-ministration’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4454. A letter from the Director, Equal Em-ployment Opportunity and Inclusion, Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation, trans-mitting the Corporation’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4455. A letter from the Executive Director, Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board, transmitting the Board’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4456. A letter from the Senior Director, Government Affairs, National Railroad Pas-senger Corporation, transmitting Amtrak’s audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4457. A letter from the Administrator, Small Business Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4458. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Land and Minerals Management, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the ‘‘Fifth Biennial Report to Congress: Estimates of Natural Gas and Oil Reserves, Reserves Growth, and Undiscovered Resources in Fed-eral and State Waters off the Coasts of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama —— 2017 Update’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 16295(c); Public Law 109-58, Sec. 965(c); (119 Stat. 893); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 4459. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Adjustments for Inflation (RIN: 1601-AA80) received April 2, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4460. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Report on Denials of Visas to Confiscators of American Property’’, pursuant to Sec. 2225(c) of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998, as contained in the Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act 1999, Public Law 105-277, 8 U.S.C. 1182d; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 4461. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; GA 8 Airvan (Pty) Ltd Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1166; Product Identi-fier 2017-CE-042-AD; Amendment 39-19217; AD 2018-05-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4462. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Honeywell International Inc. Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0020; Product Identifier 2016-NE-33-AD; Amendment 39- 19209; AD 2018-04-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4463. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1184; Product Identi-fier 2017-CE-029-AD; Amendment 39-19205; AD 2018-04-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4464. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-9435; Product Identifier 2016-NM-108-AD; Amendment 39-18830; AD 2017-06-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4465. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0909; Product Identifier 2017- NM-081-AD; Amendment 39-19214; AD 2018-05- 05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4466. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-9074; Product Identifier 2016-NM-097-AD; Amendment 39-19213; AD 2018-05-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4467. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-9519; Product Identifier 2016-NM-099-AD; Amendment 39-19200; AD 2018-04-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4468. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0713; Product Identifier 2016-NM-199-AD; Amendment 39-19170; AD 2018-02-17] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4469. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0806; Product Identifier 2017-NM-064-AD; Amendment 39-19216; AD 2018-05-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4470. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0527; Product Identifier 2017-NM-015-AD; Amendment 39-19215; AD 2018-05-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4471. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0766; Product Identifier 2017-NM-046-AD; Amendment 39-19203; AD 2018-04-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4472. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11AP7.000 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3146 April 11, 2018 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31180; Amdt. No.: 3788] received March 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4473. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Selinsgrove, PA [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0839; Airspace Docket No.: 14-AEA-7] re-ceived March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4474. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Greenville, NC [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0801; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ASO-17] re-ceived March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4475. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Federal Maritime Commission, transmitting the 56th Annual Report covering activities of the Commission for FY 2017, pursuant to 46 U.S.C. 306(a); Public Law 109-304, Sec. 4; (120 Stat. 1489); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4476. A letter from the Vice President, Gov-ernment Relations, Tennessee Valley Au-thority, transmitting the Authority’s Statis-tical Summary for FY 2017; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4477. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Requirements for Submissions Re-questing Exclusions from the Remedies In-stituted in Presidential Proclamations Ad-justing Imports of Steel into the United States and Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States; and the filing of Ob-jections to Submitted Exclusion Requests for Steel and Aluminum [Docket No.: 180227217- 8217-01] (RIN: 0694-AH55) received March 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4478. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations and removal of temporary regula-tions — Allocation of Controlled Group Re-search Credit [TD 9832] (RIN: 1545-BL76) re-ceived March 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4479. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Transitional Guidance Under Sec. 162(f) and 6050X with Respect to Certain Fines, Penalties, and Other Amounts [Notice 2018-23] received March 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4480. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Initial Guidance Under Section 163(j) as Applicable to Taxable Years Beginning After December 31, 2017 [Notice 2018-28] re-ceived April 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4481. A letter from the Regulations Writer, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s final rule — Ex-tension of Expiration Dates for Two Body System Listings [Docket No.: SSA-2018-0007] (RIN: 0960-AI18) received April 2, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 401. A bill to designate the mountain at the Devils Tower National Monument, Wyoming, as Devils Tower, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–630). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 520. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and min-eral materials of strategic and critical im-portance to the economic and national secu-rity and manufacturing competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–631). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4895. A bill to establish the Medgar Evers National Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–632). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 5466. A bill to exempt Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid from any Federal balanced budget requirement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B OST, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C APU-
ANO, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ORREA , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D ONO-
VAN, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K INZINGER , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N EAL, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. R USH, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. S OTO, Mr. T HOMPSON  of California, Mr. V
ELA, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida): H.R. 5467. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to extend certain morale, wel-fare, and recreation privileges to certain vet-erans and their caregivers, to authorize the appropriation of funds for the purpose of im-proving the electronic physical access con-trol system used by military commissaries and exchanges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. MARINO (for himself, Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. A
MODEI ): H.R. 5468. A bill to amend chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for certain limitations on judicial review of agency ac-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 5469. A bill to amend the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to require Members of Congress to disclose business ties with for-eign entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. BUDD (for himself and Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia): H.R. 5470. A bill to repeal the Office of Fi-nancial Research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. P
OEof Texas): H.R. 5471. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a Gateway Commu-nities Improvement Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 5472. A bill to promote competition and help consumers save money by giving them the freedom to choose where they buy prescription pet medications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 5473. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to update or issue one or more guidances addressing alter-native methods for data collection on opioid sparing and inclusion of such data in product labeling, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S ERRANO , Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. S
OTO, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. M URPHY  of Florida, Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Mr. R
ASKIN , and Mr. H
UFFMAN ): H.R. 5474. A bill to make available nec-essary disaster assistance for families af-fected by major disasters, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for him-self, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. S
MITH of Missouri): H.R. 5475. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 North Macon Street in Bevier, Missouri, as the ‘‘SO2 Navy SEAL Adam Olin Smith Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, and Mr. C OHEN ): H.R. 5476. A bill to ensure independent in-vestigations and judicial review of the re-moval of a special counsel, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 5477. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for a dem-onstration project to increase substance use 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11AP7.000 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3147 April 11, 2018 
provider capacity under the Medicaid pro-gram; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 5478. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to make funds available for the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands pilot project for fiscal years 2019 through 2023; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mr. WALZ (for himself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 5479. A bill to direct the Commis-sioner of the Internal Revenue Service to es-tablish a special unit within the office of Stakeholder Partnership, Education and Communication to provide members of the uniformed services with tax assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H. Res. 814. A resolution electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H. Res. 815. A resolution commemorating the 70th anniversary of the foundation of the State of Israel and the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CROWLEY: H. Res. 816. A resolution electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Ms. B
ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C
RIST, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
VANS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS of Geor-gia, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. R
USH, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S EWELL  of Alabama, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Mississippi, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, and Mr. S MITH of Washington): H. Res. 817. A resolution promoting and supporting the goals and ideals of the Fair Housing Act and recognizing April 2018 as Fair Housing Month, which includes bringing attention to the discrimination faced by every-day Americans in the United States in housing and housing-related transactions on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, familial status, disability, and religion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Ms. L
EE, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. K HANNA , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. CLEAVER , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. C RIST, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. B
EYER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mrs. T
ORRES ): H. Res. 818. A resolution recognizing ‘‘Black Maternal Health Week’’ to bring na-tional attention to the maternal health care crisis in the Black community and the im-portance of reducing the rate of maternal mortality and morbidity among Black women; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. M
EEHAN , and Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania): H. Res. 819. A resolution recognizing the 110th anniversary of the American Associa-tion for Cancer Research, the world’s first and largest professional organization dedi-cated to the conquest of cancer; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON of Texas, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. R USH, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. L EE, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. P AYNE , and Ms. M
OORE ): H. Res. 820. A resolution recognizing the life and significant contributions of Winnie Madikizela-Mandela, the former wife of Nel-son Mandela, and an icon in the inter-national fight against apartheid and injus-tice in South Africa, for her leadership and her devotion to the cause of freedom for all South Africans; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H. Res. 821. A resolution recognizing the importance of the Vietnam Veterans Memo-rial, its replica which travels in ‘‘The Wall That Heals’’ exhibit, and the distinguished servicemembers the memorials honor and commemorate; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 5466. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5467. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion (clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and sup-port an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 5468. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that sec-tion, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Execu-tive; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legis-lation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ and Article III, Section 1, Clause 1, Sentence 1, Section 2, Clause 1, and Section 2, Clause 2, Sentence 2, of the Constitution, in that the legislation defines or affects judicial powers and cases that are subject to legislation by Congress. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 5469. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5470. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5471. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 1, Article 8 By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 5472. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 5473. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 5474. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11AP7.100 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3148 April 11, 2018 
among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 5475. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 ‘‘The Congress shall have power to . . . es-tablish Post Offices and Post Roads . . .’’ In the Constitution, the power possessed by Congress embraces the regulation of the Postal System in the country. Therefore, the proposed legislation in naming a post office would fall under the powers granted to Con-gress in the Constitution. By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 5476. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clauses 9 and 18 By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 5477. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 5478. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Ar-ticle IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitu-tion of the United States. By Mr. WALZ: H.R. 5479. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution, which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 172: Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 173: Ms. E
SHOO and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 233: Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 427: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 592: Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 644: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 681: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. P ERRY , and Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 756: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 778: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 788: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 846: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 881: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 942: Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. S
OTO, and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 959: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 967: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 982: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. K
HANNA , and Mr. G IANFORTE . H.R. 1057: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 1120: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 1150: Mr. S
HUSTER . H.R. 1206: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. G ALLAGHER , and Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 1316: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 1318: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1409: Mr. U
PTON , Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. K EATING , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 1445: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1542: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 1606: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 1734: Mr. P
OSEY and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 1928: Mr. ESTES of Kansas. H.R. 1939: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 1953: Mr. H
URD. H.R. 1957: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2015: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 2069: Mr. D
ENHAM and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 2070: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 2077: Ms. D
ELAURO and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 2293: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, and Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida. H.R. 2358: Mr. H
URD, Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2392: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 2439: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 2525: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 2553: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana and Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2556: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 2584: Mr. M
ASTand Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 2620: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 2856: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 2899: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 3207: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. S IRES, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 3260: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 3303: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3314: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 3324: Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 3429: Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 3574: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3605: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 3617: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 3645: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3654: Mr. L
EVIN, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. F OS-
TER. H.R. 3666: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 3692: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 3767: Mr. P
AYNE and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 3790: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H
OLDING , and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 3859: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3866: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 3871: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 3931: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 4006: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 4022: Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. M ENG, Mr. W
OMACK , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. F RANKEL of Flor- ida, Mr. H
URD, and Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 4097: Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 4099: Mr. B
OST, Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4116: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 4117: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4243: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 4256: Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. B UDD, and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 4265: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 4314: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 4426: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4445: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4472: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 4473: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 4575: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. S CHNEIDER , and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4638: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 4647: Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. C OO-
PER, Mr. C RIST, Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 4653: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 4673: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4681: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4691: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 4693: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 4732: Mr. E
MMER , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. G AETZ , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. R EED, and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4747: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. W
ALKER , and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 4775: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4841: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 4846: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4881: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 4903: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 4915: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 4980: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5002: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5003: Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. S OTO, Mr. R
OSS, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 5016: Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. J OHNSON of Lou- isiana, Mr. B
ERGMAN , and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 5034: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B ERA, and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 5052: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5083: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 5090: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5105: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 5108: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. R
USH, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. L
YNCH , and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 5137: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 5171: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 5176: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 5188: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 5191: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 5192: Mr. D
ELANEY and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 5216: Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 5226: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L
YNCH , and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 5241: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5248: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 5258: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 5281: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 5294: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 5306: Mr. M
EEHAN and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 5311: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER . H.R. 5314: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 5327: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 5329: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 5336: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 5348: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 5356: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 5358: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 5417: Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. G
OHMERT , and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 5428: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5452: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5464: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.J. Res. 2: Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. H
UDSON , and Mr. G ARRETT . H.J. Res. 48: Mr. K
EATING . H.J. Res. 107: Mr. S
UOZZI and Ms. R OSEN . H.J. Res. 119: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H. Con. Res. 28: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H. Res. 199: Ms. T
ITUS and Mr. B UDD. H. Res. 576: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 763: Mrs. H
ANDEL , Mr. B ACON , Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP7.026 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3149 April 11, 2018 
GRAVES of Louisiana, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ANKS of Indi- ana, and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H. Res. 800: Ms. SINEMA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP7.030 H11APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2047 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 11, 2018 No. 58 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Spirit of the living God, fall afresh on us today. You are a God of might and power, and our times are in Your hands. Forgive us for sometimes for-getting to trust Your prevailing provi-dence, as You increase our faith through the power of Your Holy Word. Lord, thank You for our lawmakers. Remind them that they are appointed by You and are, therefore, accountable to You for their work. May they not forget that they are servants of Your Kingdom as You motivate them to be faithful in what they think, say, and do. Provide them with Your wisdom, empowering them to fulfill Your pur-poses for their lives. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
SPEAKER RYAN’S RETIREMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this morning, Speaker R
YAN announced to his colleagues that he will be departing the House at the conclusion of the 115th Congress. Two and a half years ago, P
AULRYAN was drafted by his colleagues to lead the House through a new era. Like a true leader, PAUL stepped up to the plate. He answered his colleagues’ call with exactly the earnest, selfless, and focused approach that has defined his entire career in Congress. The results have been beyond impressive. Capping off a remarkable 20-year ca-reer in Congress, P
AUL’s speakership has yielded one significant accomplish-ment after another for his conference, his constituents in Wisconsin’s First Congressional District, as well as the American people. True to his career-long reputation as a champion for pro-growth economics, P
AULhelped lead the way on last year’s once-in-a-generation rewrite of the Na-tion’s Tax Code. Thanks in large part to his personal passion and expertise, reform became a reality, and our econ-omy is charting a new course toward greater prosperity and greater oppor-tunity. On its own, this generational accom-plishment would secure the Speaker’s legacy as a transformational conserv-ative leader, but, of course, it is far from the only fruit of his speakership. His leadership was vital to securing ev-erything from the largest year-on-year increase in defense funding in 15 years to the remaking of the way we treat and find cures for rare diseases. What is more, P
AUL has paired that ambi-tious agenda with infectious good cheer and an unflagging commitment to serve all Americans. Amidst all the stresses and pressures of leadership, P
AUL’s optimism and energy never waned. It has been a sincere pleasure and a real inspiration to work alongside this humble servant and happy warrior. I am glad we can count on his continued leadership through the rest of this year because our work together is far from finished. I look forward to collabo-rating closely these next months to im-plement more of the inclusive, pro- growth, pro-opportunity agenda the American people are counting on us to keep advancing. NOMINATIONS Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, now on another matter, yesterday the Sen-ate confirmed the first of six nominees slated for consideration this week, Claria Horn Boom to serve as district judge for the Eastern and Western Dis-tricts of Kentucky. She was confirmed 96 to 1. There was just one Senator in opposition. This is the kind of uncontroversial nomination the Senate could typically dispatch by a voice vote, but not these days. Over and over again, we have had to file cloture and exhaust floor time on amply qualified nominees who then soar through their confirmation votes by lopsided margins. Since President Trump took office, the Senate has had to hold 82—82—clo-ture votes on judicial and executive nominations. In the first 2 years of President Obama’s administration, there were only 12 such cloture votes— 12 for President Obama, 4 for George W. Bush, 8 for President Clinton, and al-ready, just a few months into President Trump’s second year, there have been 82. The numbers speak for themselves. Today we will have the opportunity to confirm yet another qualified nomi-nee for a critical post. John Ring’s nomination to serve on the National Labor Relations Board is an important next step to continue cleaning years of regulatory rust off of the American economy. It is a natural addition to the progress we have made scaling back unhelpful regulations that make it harder for American businesses to create jobs and make opportunities for American workers more scarce. Mr. Ring’s confirmation will give the country a fully staffed NLRB once again and turn the page on the pre-vious administration’s efforts to re-make this bipartisan Board into a one- sided political weapon. Even in a short amount of time last year, we saw just how much good a fully functioning NLRB can do for American workers when it calls balls and strikes fairly in-stead of bending over backward to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP6.000 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2048 April 11, 2018 
meet Big Labor’s every demand. Today we will have the chance to get things back to normal for the long term. Mr. Ring has a distinguished record in labor negotiation. I would urge my colleagues to join me in voting to con-firm him today. After Mr. Ring, the Senate will turn to the nomination of Pat Pizzella to serve as Deputy Secretary of Labor. The fact that this Cabinet agency has gone 15 months without its No. 2 offi-cial is yet another testament to the historic obstruction visited on this ad-ministration by Senate Democrats. He has been sitting on the calendar for 6 months despite his ample qualifica-tions. I would urge all of my colleagues to vote to finally advance Mr. Pizzella’s nomination. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, this week we have been discussing the stark difference be-tween the Obama administration’s agenda and the policies that President Trump and this Republican Congress have implemented. During the Obama years, the over-whelming majority of all the limited new growth and new jobs went to the biggest and richest urban areas. Times were good if you happened to live in New York, San Francisco, or a few other places, but if you were one of the millions of Americans in our Nation’s towns, smaller cities, suburbs, or rural areas, they were not so good. Accord-ing to one estimate, between 2010 and 2016, 73 percent of all the employment gains in the country went to metro areas with more than 1 million resi-dents. Practically everywhere else, Americans either treaded water or started sinking. This President and this Republican Congress were sent here to put this right, and because the American people gave us a chance to do so, they now have leaders in Washington who focus on cutting taxes instead of raising them, rolling back overregulation in-stead of piling on more suffocating rules, and looking out for the best in-terests of all workers and job creators, not just those in our biggest and wealthiest cities. The early results from our inclusive opportunity agenda are clear. After years of stagnation, we are beginning to see signs that rural America turned a corner in 2017. One analysis found that last year, rural areas outpaced the rest of the country in job creation, rel-ative to the share of the economy they started out with. There is still much, much more to do, but these early promising signs add up to hundreds of thousands of new jobs. That is a sight for sore eyes in Kentucky, West Vir-ginia, Montana, Maine, and so many other States. What about our smaller cities? I re-cently heard from my friend Senator T
OOMEY that, because of this historic tax reform we passed last year, Car-penter Technology in Reading, PA, will invest $100 million in expanded manu-facturing capabilities—$100 million in our economy and American workers be-cause of tax reform. For this American manufacturer, founded in 1889, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act means a new hot rolling mill to produce the special al-loys for aerospace and consumer elec-tronics. They are also investing in 3D printing. This is what happens when manufacturers have the breathing room to bet on the U.S. economy and on their American workforce. Breath-ing room is exactly what our policy is giving them. Carpenter already em-ploys more than 3,000 Pennsylvanians, and with this kind of major capital in-vestment, I expect they will be com-peting for future generations of skilled workers as well. Pennsylvania should be proud of Sen-ator TOOMEY . He is one of the leaders who have helped lead the charge for tax reform. It is a shame his colleague, the senior Senator for Pennsylvania, put party politics ahead of workers and taxpayers and voted to block tax re-form right from the beginning. Fortunately, my Democratic col-leagues failed to block tax reform from taking place, even though many now want to repeal the law that has led to new jobs, higher wages, and increased opportunities all across our country. Stories like these are just the first fruits of tax reform, regulatory reform, and all the other ways this Republican Congress is fighting for every Amer-ican worker, job creator, and middle- class family. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you, Mr. President. Before I get to the substance of my remarks, I remind my dear friend the majority leader that the vast majority of the benefits of this tax break, this tax cut, went to the wealthiest of Americans and large corporations. What are they doing with the money? They are using most of it for buybacks. That was a buyback. They buy back their own stock. The CEO—already a rich guy—is making more money. The shareholders, one-third of whom are out of the country and most of whom are in the top 10 percent of America, make more money. The middle class and rural America particularly are left behind in this bill. We could have done a tax bill where the benefits went to the middle class— not just some—10, 20 percent—but all. So this bill is a bit of a fake. There are small benefits for the middle class, along with harm to their healthcare. The things put in this bill are going to raise many people’s premiums far more than their small tax break. Let’s be honest about this. This bill was done for the rich and the wealthy in power, and there were some benefits to the middle class, but it could have been so much better. Our Republican colleagues listened to the wealthy spe-cial interests, the large contributors, and that is how this bill came about. By the way, because it creates a def-icit of $1.5 trillion—and I remind our leader that rural America really cares about deficits—there are a lot of Re-publicans, particularly the more con-servative ones, who say: Now let’s cut Medicare and Social Security. How is an elderly person in rural America going to feel about that? I would simply say that this bill was not the right remedy for America, which is owed a lot better. f 
SPEAKER RYAN’S RETIREMENT Mr. SCHUMER. Now, Speaker R
YAN. I know Speaker R
YANquite well. He is a good man. He is always true to his word. Even though we disagree on most issues, in the areas where we can work together, I find him to be smart, thoughtful, and straightforward. I find him to have a great deal of integrity. We don’t agree, but he has deep beliefs, and he is not like some on his side of the aisle who say: It is my way or no way. He is willing to meet you to try to get something done. So I have thoroughly enjoyed work-ing with Speaker R
YAN. I admire him as a human being, as a religious man, and somebody who cares a lot about his family. I understand his frustrations; I do. When you have so many intran-sigent people in your caucus who say ‘‘it is my way or no way,’’ and your job, even though you have deep beliefs, is to want to get something done, it is hard. It is hard. Now, with his newfound political freedom, I hope the Speaker uses his remaining time in Congress to break free from these hard-right factions that have plagued him so and that have kept Congress from getting real things done. If he is willing to reach across the aisle, he will find Democrats will-ing and eager to work with him. I say to Speaker R
YAN: Let’s work to-gether. You are more of a free man now. Follow your instincts. Your be-liefs will not be the same as ours, but you will want to try to come to some kind of an agreement where we can meet somewhere in the middle. The job may be made harder because Congressmen S
CALISE and M CCARTHY  are now competing for Ryan’s job and the hard right’s favor—they are too vital in that caucus—but I believe Speaker R
YANis up to the job and can overcome that problem and work in his last few months here for the better-ment of our country. 
f 
AVOIDING A CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS Mr. SCHUMER. Now, Mr. President, on the issues of yesterday and last 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.002 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2049 April 11, 2018 
night, for months, I have heard my Re-publican colleagues argue that there is no need to pass legislation to protect Special Counsel Mueller and the Rus-sian probe from President Trump be-cause they have been assured by anon-ymous White House officials that it will not happen. President Trump, in his own words on Monday night, made it plain as day that he may be considering firing the special counsel and/or the Deputy At-torney General, which would be equally egregious. The White House spokes-woman, from the podium, said Presi-dent Trump believes he has the author-ity to fire the special counsel all by himself, and a report in the New York Times said President Trump considered firing Mueller as recently as December, in addition to a year ago in June. Only an hour ago, the President tweeted that the ‘‘Fake & Corrupt Rus-sia Investigation’’—his words—was ‘‘headed up by all the Democrat loyal-ists, or people that worked for Obama.’’ Mr. President, will you start telling the truth? Robert Mueller is a Repub-lican. Deputy Attorney General Rosen-stein is a Republican whom you ap-pointed. Christopher Wray, the head of the FBI, is a Republican whom you ap-pointed. I don’t know how long the President can believe people will swallow the bold mistruths he spews out day after day after day, but what he said—that the people the investigation was being headed up by are all Democratic loyal-ists or people who work for Obama—is patently false, and the President should retract it. These kinds of remarks make it all too obvious that the President, who cares so little for truth, may be consid-ering the firing of the special counsel or the Deputy Attorney General. So I would like to direct my remarks to my Republican colleagues. I say to my Re-publican colleagues, you can no longer rely on anonymous sources as a reason for delay or inaction on legislation to protect Mr. Mueller and avoid a con-stitutional crisis. The evidence is star-ing us all in the face. We cannot ignore the elephant in the room any longer because the consequences of the Presi-dent taking action against Mueller or Rosenstein or issuing political pardons is just too dire. As Democrats have said, and as many Republicans have said, such action would precipitate a constitutional crisis in this country. The President doesn’t seem to realize it, but I know my Republican col-leagues do. No person is above the law in this country—not even the President. He is not a King. He is the President. If the President were to interfere in any way with the chain of command in the Rus-sia investigation or clean house at the Justice Department in order to install lackeys who will carry out his orders, we would be no better than a banana republic. The kinds of things we see happening in other parts of the globe would be happening here. In those places, leaders use the levers of power to subvert or avoid accountability in all ways. President Trump seems to wish he could do just that. I want to be crystal clear on this point. If the President were to take ac-tion against Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein, it would be every bit as grave of a mistake as removing Special Counsel Mueller. America, as we know it—as we love it—would diminish. I know Republicans and Democrats agree on that. So why not take the bull by the horns? Why wouldn’t we take imme-diate action to potentially prevent a constitutional crisis from coming to pass? Why don’t we head it off at the pass and move bipartisan legislation that has been introduced this morning, through the Judiciary Committee— which I am told Senator G
RASSLEY is seriously considering—on to the floor of the Senate, where I hope Leader M
CCONNELL will place it. A bipartisan group this morning—Senators G
RAHAM  and T
ILLIS , BOOKER and C OONS —have introduced legislation that would help protect the special counsel. Why not pass this legislation now and avoid a constitutional crisis? Why not avoid an injury to the body of this great country and then try to stitch it up? Why not avoid an injury instead of sustaining it and trying to stitch it up? That is what we should be doing. Let’s not wait until it is too late. Let’s head the constitutional crisis off at the pass by passing the bipartisan legislation introduced by Senators G
RAHAM , TILLIS , BOOKER , and C OONS  and take the threat of a crisis off the table right now. So I urge Senator G
RASSLEY to sched-ule a hearing and markup on this bill and to report it out of his committee. He must be sure not to water it down with amendments or accept changes that would render it useless. I urge Leader M
CCONNELL to then take that bill and put it on the floor where we can debate and pass it. Surely, some-thing this serious deserves the time and attention of U.S. Senators. I dare say, if bipartisan legislation like this came to the floor, it would pass by a large majority—Members of both par-ties—and the pressure on the House to do the same would be large. The rule of law cannot be a partisan issue and should not be a partisan issue. We cannot let it become a par-tisan issue. The Congress must clearly, loudly, and with one voice pass legisla-tion to ensure that any effort by the President to remove Special Counsel Mueller or Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein would be rendered unsuc-cessful. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SUL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the National Labor Rela-tions Board for the term of five years expiring December 16, 2022. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
THE OLD GUARD  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, last Fri-day marked the 70th anniversary of the 3rd Infantry Regiment’s reactivation, and as one of its veterans, I didn’t want to let the moment pass without notice. The 3rd Infantry Regiment, more commonly known as the Old Guard, serves across the Potomac River at Ar-lington National Cemetery. Most here and most in the Gallery have probably visited the cemetery and seen Old Guard soldiers guarding the Tomb of the Unknowns or conducting funerals. Arkansans who visit me here in the Capitol consistently tell me that Ar-lington is a highlight of their trip. That is not surprising to me, because Old Guard soldiers set the standard for their dedication, their diligence, and their devotion. The 3rd Infantry is the Nation’s oldest Active-Duty infantry unit, and yet the reverence we feel for them goes beyond their mere length of service and to what they represent: the dignity of freedom. On April 6, 1948, the 3rd Infantry was reactivated on orders of the Secretary of the Army. The ceremony was held just a few steps from here, on the East Plaza of the Capitol. Then, the Old Guard immediately conducted another ceremony to present the Flag of Lib-eration to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House. That flag had flown over this very Capitol on Pearl Harbor Day, De-cember 7, 1941. Then, those forces raised that flag over Rome, Berlin, and Tokyo after we had defeated the Axis powers. Finally, the Old Guard led the large Army Day parade from the Cap-itol down Constitution Avenue, where 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.003 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2050 April 11, 2018 
President Truman sat in the reviewing stand at the Ellipse. That is not bad for their first day back with the regimental colors. It had been only 18 months since the regi-ment, serving with the 106th Division as an occupation force in Berlin, was caught up in the rushed demobiliza-tions at the end of World War II. But the Army needed an official ceremonial unit in the Nation’s Capital, as well as the contingency force as tension built up between the United States and the Soviet Union. So the Army called the 3rd Infantry back into service at Fort Myer, right next to Arlington, and re-stored ‘‘the history formerly belong-ing’’ to the legendary regiment. That was due, in no small part, to the regi-ment’s reputation for professionalism, present from its very beginning. The 3rd Infantry was stood up in 1784, when the Continental Congress created the ‘‘First American Regiment.’’ The War for Independence had convinced Congress that, whatever its fear of standing armies, the country needed at least a small professional fighting force to defend it. So the 3rd Infantry started as the lone professional regi-ment in the early days of our Republic, when our common defense was orga-nized mostly around State militias. To this day, its members continue to dis-play that professionalism by holding themselves to the most exacting stand-ards as the Army’s highest profile unit and the official escort to the President. But the 3rd Infantry’s profes-sionalism also had a serious purpose: to defend America. So faithfully has the regiment served the American people that its history and the Nation’s his-tory are thoroughly intertwined. First, it served at posts along the frontier, where it protected American settlements against Indian attacks under the leadership of General ‘‘Mad’’ Anthony Wayne, and it fought the British Imperial Army to a standstill during the War of 1812. Today, mem-bers of the regiment wear a buff strap on their left shoulders to commemo-rate that 18th century heritage. After the war, peacetime demobiliza-tion and reorganization gave the regi-ment its current name, the 3rd Infan-try. Then, during the Mexican War, the 3rd Infantry distinguished itself with bravery, skill, and stamina at every major battle of the war, in places like Palo Alto, Monterrey, and Vera Cruz. Its famed bayonet charge at the Battle of Cerro Gordo is what persuaded the War Department in 1922 to authorize the 3rd Infantry to march with bayo-nets fixed to their rifles—a privilege still reserved solely to that regiment in the entire U.S. Army. It was because of the 3rd Infantry’s valor that General Winfield Scott, the commanding gen-eral of the Vera Cruz campaign, grant-ed it the honor of leading the vic-torious march into Mexico City, during which he turned to his staff as the 3rd Infantry passed in review, and said: ‘‘Gentlemen, take off your hats to the Old Guard of the Army.’’ Ever since, the name has stuck. After the Mexican War came the Civil War, which divided not only our Nation but also our Army. Ulysses S. Grant and Robert E. Lee, who both fought alongside the Old Guard in Mex-ico, now faced off against each other. The 3rd Infantry fought every major battle in the war’s first 2 years: First Bull Run, Second Bull Run, the Seven Days Battles, Antietam, Fredericks-burg, Chancellorsville, and, finally, Gettysburg. Suffering casualties that exceeded its original strength, the Old Guard ended the war at the Union’s mobile headquarters, standing along-side General Grant at the Appomattox courthouse as he accepted General Lee’s surrender. In the days that followed, the vast majority of State volunteers returned home to their families—not the Old Guard. The ‘‘regulars,’’ as they were known back then, went straight back to the front, again protecting settlers from Indian raids across the western frontier. They defeated Spanish forces in Cuba during the Spanish-American War. They fought rebel insurgents in the Philippines and then returned to fight Muslim insurgents there, too, in some of the same places where the Is-lamic State is present today. They guarded our border with Mexico during World War I. They helped to get the lend-lease program going in the early days of World War II, before de-ploying to Europe itself. But it was after the Old Guard’s reactivation that it assumed the duties for which it is rightly famous today: performing cere-monies and military honor funerals. For its first 162 years, the Old Guard defended America’s frontiers and fought its wars, both at home and abroad. Now these new responsibilities have defined the Old Guard’s mission for the last 70 years. The size and structure of the regiment has evolved, just as Arlington National Cemetery itself has grown. The Old Guard’s prominence has increased, as it has participated in major internationally televised events, such as the ceremony to inter the unknown soldiers from World War II and the Korean war in 1958 and the state funeral for President Kennedy in 1963. But the essence of the mission has not changed since 1948. It is this history, this reliability, this steady, sober leadership that the Old Guard has become known for. Their skill and proficiency, their care and at-tention to detail, their faithfulness and discipline—all of them—set the highest of standards of military conduct and character. Our fellow Americans see all that whenever they visit Arlington. They can imagine it on the battlefield. Then, they have little wonder why our soldiers accomplish such amazing feats of valor. That is why the Old Guard is held in such reverence, and that is why it is fitting to mark this important an-niversary. The Old Guard represents the best of our country, but also the best in our-selves. Freedom isn’t free. It requires self-sacrifice and self-discipline. That is what makes it a noble and, there-fore, a fulfilling way of life. For re-minding us of that dignity—the dignity that comes with being a free people— the men and women of the Old Guard deserve our deepest thanks. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic whip is recognized. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without object, it is so ordered. 
VENEZUELA  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last week, I spent 4 days in Venezuela. I had never been there before. I was given an opportunity to get a visa to go to the country, and I jumped at the oppor-tunity. Venezuela, of course, on the north end of the South American con-tinent, is a constant source of concern in the United States and the region, and I wanted to see for myself what was happening. No doubt, many are aware that Venezuela has been suf-fering devastating economic and demo-cratic backsliding, but what I found was a country that is on the edge of collapse, facing overlapping economic, humanitarian, and political crises. On the economic side, Venezuela has so many positive things. It is rich in natural beauty, oil, minerals, and human talent, but it has seen its econ-omy run into the ground by mindless price controls, multiple exchange rates, and gross mismanagement. Infla-tion is rampant and expected to reach 13,000 percent this year, leading to what some call ‘‘a race for survival.’’ Imagine walking down the main street of Caracas and seeing long lines at every ATM. Why are they there? Be-cause each day, the residents of Ven-ezuela must go to the ATM machine with their credit card or debit card and take out the maximum withdrawal al-lowed. It is hundreds of thousands of Bolivars, which sound like more money than you could possibly need, but it translates into 20 cents—waiting an hour at an ATM machine for 20 cents’ worth of currency so that you can ride the bus back and forth to work. That is what life is like in the capital of Ven-ezuela. They have universally discredited and arbitrary price controls that are eerily reminiscent of the failed policies in Cuba and the Soviet Union. They have decimated local production and left basic goods unavailable or unaffordable. I went down the main street in Cara-cas and saw many shops but no cus-tomers. Basic goods were available— shampoo or diapers, for example—but they cost the equivalent of 2 or 3 months of salary. We stopped and did a translation at one store that isn’t under price controls, and we found that a pound of hamburger costs $4, which doesn’t sound bad, except that that is the minimum monthly wage in Ven-ezuela—for a pound of hamburger. Peo-ple waited in long lines. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.005 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2051 April 11, 2018 
Rampant inflation—hyperinflation, really—has made actual cash scarce, and near worthless when it can actu-ally be found. I have never visited a country where I never touched their currency. They warned me against it. They said: If you buy things here, as a tourist, you are going to pay 20 times what local people pay. They have ex-change rates that are bizarre and change by the minute. These people live with this every single day. The government of Maduro stages raids into formal grocery stores to im-pose arbitrary price controls, leaving the owners unable to stock their shelves or run a functioning business. If there is a rumor that there are eggs for sale somewhere in Caracas, there is a rush to that location, and people wait for hours in the hopes that they can buy eggs. As a result, informal markets are springing up trying to meet the peo-ple’s demands. Yet even while I walked through these markets, I saw long lines. From the second floor in the back, in the dark, there was a long line waiting. I went to the front to see what they were waiting for. They wanted to buy toilet paper. Business leaders told me that they are being vilified by the government, forced to sell products below cost and out of markets so the government can be the exclusive seller of imported goods. Listen to this. They also shared sto-ries of workers fainting on the job from hunger. Of particular concern, one of the largest employers in Venezuela said they decided they had to start bringing fruit to the workplace in the morning so their workers could get something to eat. When they fainted, it was not only dangerous to them but to people around them, and they wanted to keep their workers awake. Only one out of three people in Venezuela eats three meals a day. There are children fainting at school. The government has run the state oil industry into collapse, treating it as its cash cow and as a way to line their pockets. Currently, there is little or no investment in the oil industry, the na-tional oil industry of Venezuela. There is little or no maintenance, and there is a mass exodus of skilled personnel and engineers. What would an engineer working for a Venezuelan national oil company earn in the course of a year? Dramatically more than most Ven-ezuelans—$1,700 a year in annual in-come. What do they earn in other coun-tries in Latin America with the same skills? They would earn an average in-come of $85,000 a year. Is it any sur-prise they are leaving? It is also no surprise that the country is suffering a heartbreaking humani-tarian crisis, one that is notable for malnutrition and a breakdown of basic public health. Brave and dedicated healthcare workers—and I have met some; NGO leaders told me of a short-age of vaccines with outbreaks of mea-sles and diphtheria that haven’t been seen for decades. Malaria is at record levels. When the public health officials gave me a briefing on the public health cri-sis of Venezuela, they said that the ma-ternal mortality rate—the death of mothers—is at the level it was 50 years ago, the early 1960s. The same thing is true for infant mortality—that high a level. You have to go to South Sudan, Yemen, or Syria to find comparable public health crises, and those three countries are all at war. Venezuela is at war with itself. In fact, one expert said that the outbreak of measles, diphtheria, and malaria was the worst he had seen, certainly the worst in all of South America. With Venezuelans flooding into neighboring countries, many of them are spreading diseases that have been cured in so many countries around the world. Basic diabetes, asthma, and HIV treatments are simply not available. For 4 months now, HIV patients have not been given medication. A staggering number of hospitals cannot perform basic services. Many do not have any capacity to perform a blood test. There are no x ray machines available on a 24/7 basis. Many of them don’t have electricity. Some do not even have clean water. Venezuelans are suffering malnutri-tion, and it is particularly acute for children, who suffer for a lifetime due to stunted brain development. One ex-pert said that the rates of malnutrition have affected more than 8 percent of the population. In some areas, the per-centage of people suffering from mal-nutrition is as high as 15 percent. You can see it on the streets of Caracas. When you look at the public parks, you see these children—thin limbs, spindly legs and arms, and you think to your-self: These kids are not getting enough to eat. It is hard to know precisely about all of these statistics because the govern-ment has officially stopped collecting and releasing information. They leave it up to private organizations. What I found particularly cruel is the government’s supposed effort to help with hunger. A provision of a monthly food basket was linked to having the right political identification card. Sadly, these food boxes are imported. Someone is making a lot of money in that process, with corrupt middlemen taking a cut at multiple steps along the way, all to provide a politically manipulated lifeline that meets only 7 of the 12 basic food needs. The regime has also linked these food rations to polling stations during elec-tions, which brings me to the third overlapping crisis, a democratic crisis. Let me acknowledge that Hugo Chavez did, in fact, win his initial terms in democratic elections. He tapped into public disenchantment with the failure of traditional governing parties to ad-dress the deep chasms of poverty in Venezuela. He even said ‘‘I am not the cause, I am the consequence,’’ referring to his rise to power. But his election, like that of so many other autocrats at heart, also brought the steady disman-tling of the country’s democracy, a path followed by the current President. You see, in Venezuela, political par-ties that look threatening are arbi-trarily banned. Political opponents who appear to be popular are jailed or exiled or just plain disqualified from running for office. Government institu-tions, like the Venezuelan election commission, are simply political tools of the regime. The rule of law has col-lapsed. In 2015, the opposition won a sweep-ing victory in legislative elections. What happened next? The President of Venezuela, Maduro, installed an illegit-imate rubberstamp constituent assem-bly to usurp the legitimately elected National Assembly. It was his way of stopping his opponents. The supreme court and national election council are stacked with partisan cronies who do whatever the regime asks, regardless of the law. Now, with the country on the edge of economic collapse, the President has called for a snap election on May 20— more than 6 months before it tradition-ally would be held. He wants to move quickly, for fear that he might lose. Maduro doesn’t want to risk losing even under a rigged system, so he is rushing forward with this election that doesn’t even come close to meeting es-tablished international standards. What I found, and bears repeating, is that the critics of the Venezuelan Gov-ernment regime and their actions are not confined to the United States or Canada. They include Central Amer-ican countries like Panama and South American countries, which have ex-pressed their displeasure with Maduro’s actions, as well as the European Union’s displeasure. The parties and candidates still remain arbitrarily banned. There is zero trust in discred-ited election commissions, and reg-istration and voting processes have been dramatically manipulated. I met with some of the opposition leaders, and they told me what happens when people try to vote. They have to go through an elaborate process with a machine to register to vote. It is con-trolled. It takes too much time. It lim-its the opposition from registering their voters. There is little time for a legitimate campaign, especially with government control of the media. Rep-utable, long-term election monitors are nowhere to be seen, and none seem to be planned for the actual election, either. Under these conditions, how can any such election be credible? If President Maduro proceeds with this May 20 elec-tion under these circumstances, he is going to find Venezuela further iso-lated. Amid these deeply troubling and omi-nous conditions, I nonetheless met many brave and dedicated Venezuelans who are trying to endure and reverse this horrible situation. Doctors, nurses, civic leaders, business people, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.006 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2052 April 11, 2018 
politicians, and so many others are sharing food and medicine, running for office and facing the threat of arrest or exile, documenting human rights abuses in the shrinking media state, trying to run businesses in a broken economy. It is an incredible act of courage each day. I also met with former political pris-oners, political opposition members, and their families who are under con-stant threat or already under some kind of arrest. I would name them here, but to do so would put them in danger in Venezuela. I was moved by their dedication and humanity. I am haunted by the comments of one group of young idealists. Over dinner Friday night in Caracas, they talked about the future. They said: If we called the same group of five opposi-tion leaders together a year from now, we would be lucky if three showed up. Two of us will be exiled or jailed be-tween now and then. That is what they face by being political opponents of the current regime. I fear how many of Venezuela’s most talented will be sac-rificed under these conditions. The regime is also tragically holding a U.S. citizen, Josh Holt of Utah, on criminal charges. The charges are non-sense. I visited with Josh Holt in his prison. The prison is known locally as hell on earth. Josh and his Venezuelan wife have served 21 months, with no end in sight, and they still haven’t gone through the criminal process. He is suffering, and he should be. It is un-derstandable. He is clearly being held as a political hostage. I appealed to the President and every member of the government to release this young man and his Venezuelan wife and her daugh-ter so that they could come back to the United States. Keeping Josh Holt as a political hostage will just isolate the Maduro regime even more. I am one of a bipartisan group of Members in Con-gress who will continue to push for his immediate release. Lastly, I want to note that every time I go on one of these trips over-seas, including to some of the most far- flung corners of the globe, I am always moved by the group of talented Ameri-cans working for us and representing us; those are the men and women in our Embassies, without exception. Under the Charge d’Affaires, Todd Rob-inson, our Embassy team in Caracas is a point of great pride and outstanding public service. The conditions under which they are forced to operate are extraordinarily stressful. There was some small hope that ne-gotiations led by the Vatican and re-gional leaders or most recently hosted in the Dominican Republic could lead to some kind of path forward between the Venezuelan Government and the opposition before it is too late, but all of these have failed. Some hoped years ago that a group known as the Boston Group—American and Venezuelan elected officials—might be the begin-ning of a dialogue and might be contin-ued to this day, but it is increasingly difficult to see that possibility. I met some of the Venezuelan Boston Group members. Several of them are deeply committed to this administration cur-rently in power. Many of them talk about changes that need to be made in Venezuela. I haven’t given up hope completely that there may be some voices that can move this country back to a civilized status. Let me be clear in my concluding message to the Venezuelan Govern-ment, specifically, a message that they should proceed with an election that meets the following basic standards: All political prisoners must be re-leased, and all candidates and parties must be allowed to compete. There must be at least 6 months for a legiti-mate campaign. The national election council should be restructured and led by a credible group of professionals on an evenly divided partisan basis so that it isn’t loaded for one party or another. There must be no linking of food with voting or political party affiliation. The National Assembly must have its powers restored. Credible international and local election monitors must be al-lowed to observe preelection and actual election processes, with full accredita-tion and access. Going forward other-wise will only bring more suffering to the people of Venezuela and more isola-tion to their nation. Republicans and Democrats don’t agree on much these days, certainly not here in Washington on Capitol Hill, but we do agree that Venezuela and the consequences of President Maduro’s re-gime continue to lead that nation down a negative path, a path of suffering. I yield the floor. 
CHINA AND TRADE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I pref-ace my remarks today about China with a recent article from The Econo-mist, dated March 1, 2018, which, I think, does a very good job of crystal-lizing what the hopes and aspirations that we in the West had for China and what the reality has turned out to be. It points out that in March 2000, Bill Clinton divided the American opinion on China into two camps. The first, he said, was of the optimists, and the sec-ond was of the hawks and the pes-simists. The optimists, as it describes it, have an eye on the future and can see China becoming the next great cap-italist tiger with the biggest market in the world. That was the optimistic view. The Economist writes that the hawks and pessimists, who were stuck in the past, saw China as stubbornly re-maining as the world’s last, great Com-munist dragon and a threat to stability in Asia. As this article points out, it was not an either/or. It called it a both/and. It concludes that the China of Xi Jingping is a great mercantilist dragon that is under strict Communist Party control and that it is using the power of its vast markets to cow and co-opt capitalist rivals to bend and break the rules-based order and to push America to the periphery of the Asia-Pacific re-gion. It calls this one of the starkest reversals in modern geopolitics. Indeed, the administration’s national security strategy that President Trump rolled out just a couple of months ago states that China chal-lenges American power, influence, and interests. It points out again that the hopes and aspirations of the optimists appear to have been dashed. Instead, we have one of the starkest reversals in modern geopolitics. This leads me to the subject I want to at least start talking about because it does relate to China. Today, in the Subcommittee on International Trade, within the Senate Finance Committee, which I happen to chair, we are convening a hearing on trade issues and China. The core issue my colleagues and I will examine in-volves challenges to U.S. businesses, manufacturers, and service providers who are trying to get access to the Chi-nese market—a market that represents the second largest economy in the world. China, of course, has almost un-fettered access to the United States. There are important protections in place, like the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which does look at some of those investments to make sure our national security in-terests are not compromised. By and large, China has open access to the United States and the U.S. mar-ket. China is the United States’ largest merchandise trading partner and the third largest export market for U.S. goods abroad. Although the legitimate flow of goods and services between the United States and China has increased over the years and is, in many respects, a positive thing, statistics alone do not capture the whole story, hence the preface that I gave about The Econo-mist’s view of what has changed in China. Unfortunately, while Chinese compa-nies largely enjoy open access to U.S. markets and an economy that is recep-tive to foreign investment, U.S. compa-nies are not afforded reciprocity in this regard. In his State of the Union Mes-sage, the President made that point, which is that in our trading relation-ships, we expect reciprocity—in other words, to treat our trading partners the same way they treat us—hopefully, to everybody’s advantage. U.S. companies that seek to do busi-ness in China often encounter—I would say always encounter—a protectionist system, one that employs predatory tactics and promotes domestic indus-tries over foreign competitors, many of which receive State subsidies. In many cases, China has used trade as a weap-on and coerced U.S. companies to enter into joint ventures or other business arrangements that require a company to hand over its key technology and know-how—the so-called secret sauce of its business—in order to gain market access. This practice has already begun to erode America’s technological advan-tage and undermine our defense indus-trial base, which is something that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.008 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2053 April 11, 2018 
should concern all of us and is the sub-ject of a revision of the Committee on Foreign Investment of the United States, CFIUS, statute that is going to be coming out of the Senate Banking Committee and the House Financial Services Committee. It will be an up-dating of the CFIUS process to meet the challenges of today. Of course, under section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, the Trump adminis-tration is currently considering poten-tial investment restrictions to address the harm that has resulted from Chi-na’s effort to acquire sensitive tech-nologies through investments. I look forward to working with the President and others to ensure that the proper steps are taken, but the real issues are clear, and we will be considering them in more detail at the hearing this afternoon on China’s restrictive mar-ket. Even though multiple administra-tions have attempted to engage Chi-nese leaders on their trade practices, the high-level diplomatic talks have generally yielded little progress and have often resulted in commitments with zero follow-up action. Discussions may continue in the future, but Chi-na’s market access reforms are still too slow, and real barriers exist. Recip-rocal treatment for U.S. companies should not be too much to ask. Indeed, it is the minimum we should insist upon. It is my hope that today’s hear-ing will paint a clear picture of the problems that persist with access to Chinese markets and that significant reforms will follow. 
JUDGES  
Mr. President, on a second brief mat-ter, I will mention that yesterday was the 1-year anniversary of Neil Gorsuch joining the U.S. Supreme Court. Former Attorney General Ed Meese called Justice Gorsuch someone in the mold of the late Justice Antonin Scalia—an impartial judge who applies laws as they are written and who shows an abiding respect for the rights that are guaranteed by the Constitution. As I have numerous times in the past, I commend President Trump on his outstanding selection, and I con-gratulate Justice Gorsuch on his first year of serving on our Nation’s highest Court. Let’s not forget that Justice Gorsuch is not the only good news when it comes to the Federal judiciary. He is only one part of a much larger and, often, untold story. As of earlier this month, 30 article III Federal life tenure judges have been confirmed under President Trump’s tenure—30. That is due, in large part, to the commitment of the Senate, under our majority lead-er’s leadership, to making sure that this was a priority—to confirm judges who have been passed out of the Judici-ary Committee here on the floor of the Senate and to maximize our floor time in order to get that priority accom-plished. My home State has filled two appel-late vacancies, as well as two district vacancies so far. Additionally, five ac-complished lawyers are waiting for hearings for Texas district vacancies, and two more are waiting to be con-firmed for those vacancies. So is Andy Oldham, who is an accomplished law-yer who has been nominated to fill the third seat on the Fifth Circuit since President Trump has become Presi-dent. I hope we will continue to move all of these judicial nominees and many more across the country very soon. I know there is a lot of focus on the executive branch and the legislative branch, but I believe the judiciary is the bedrock of our government as it en-sures that equal justice is available to all, no matter what one’s station in life. It is the rule of law that enables all of our other freedoms to be possible. It enables our economy to flourish, and it creates opportunities for our people so that they can pursue their dreams. That is how important I believe the ju-diciary is, and we should never forget it. Yesterday, President Trump took an-other important step in this area when he announced he would be nominating David Morales to fill one of the vacan-cies I just mentioned, this one in Cor-pus Christi, TX, in the U.S. Southern District. David has extensive experi-ence in working for the Texas attorney general and the Governor, as well as in the University of Texas system. He was recommended by Senator CRUZand my Federal Judicial Evaluation Com-mittee—a bipartisan group of the best and brightest lawyers the State of Texas has to offer. David was rec-ommended to us by what we call the FJEC. It performs a great service not only to Senator C
RUZ and me but to the public, generally, in its vetting of these potential nominees for judicial service and its recommending them to us. David Morales will bring more than 23 years of complex litigation and agency dispute resolution to bear. I hope our colleagues will join me in making sure his nomination is swiftly considered and that he is confirmed. I think David and the other Texans whom President Trump has nominated will make excellent additions to our courts. They are the kinds of people we should want in our courts—those who will impartially ensure that justice is done and the law, as written, is fol-lowed no matter who the litigant is or the type of controversy at issue. 
FIGHT ONLINE SEX TRAFFICKING ACT  
Finally, Mr. President, for the skep-tics who like to say that nothing good ever gets done here in Washington, I will mention one other item and the real positive consequences of a bill we just passed and that is being signed into law by the President today—the Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, FOSTA. The effort to pass it was led by our colleague, the junior Senator from Ohio, Mr. P
ORTMAN . I and others were honored to serve as original cosponsors of this legislation in the Senate. We have been working on this issue since at least 2012, when I introduced a reso-lution, along with a bipartisan group of my colleagues, that called for backpage.com to cease its facilitation of human trafficking, including of chil-dren, and prostitution by eliminating the adult section of the website. We had to pass this law because, when it would go to court, under the Commu-nications Decency Act, it was able to claim that Congress had not carved out a provision for trafficking, just merely for child pornography. Thus, it had es-caped our attempts to bring it to jus-tice in the past. This important legislation goes along with a bill we passed in 2015, called the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which refocused our efforts on fighting the sex trade here in the United States by targeting those who purchased human trafficking victims, providing services to the survivors of this crime, and giving law enforcement new tools to target the organized networks that are responsible for commercial sexual exploitation. That was just a few years ago. Yet, just this last month, as I said, we changed section 230 of the Commu-nications Decency Act to allow State attorneys general and victims to seek justice against websites that know-ingly assist or facilitate commercial sexual exploitation and child sex traf-ficking. The good news is that since that time, a grand jury in Arizona has in-dicted 7 people, who are affiliated with backpage, on 93 counts of money laun-dering, facilitating prostitution, and other crimes. The indictment alleged that the website essentially operated as a highly lucrative online brothel. After we passed FOSTA, the Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, some websites announced major policy changes and shut down sections that may have helped to enslave and entrap young women. So it has not just been the indictment and, hopefully, the con-viction of people who facilitated backpage over the years, but it has also had a deterrent effect on other websites that have done similar things and has encouraged them, in their own self-interests, to shut down those sec-tions that have helped to facilitate human trafficking. Backpage has now been seized by Federal law enforcement. It can no longer serve as an open forum for the exploitation of children and the pur-chase of human beings for sexual slav-ery. These are all positive signs that the law we have enacted is making a real difference, ensuring that this ma-lignant conduct does not go unpunished. The prosecution and dis-mantling of backpage has sent a clear message to the pimps and the buyers responsible for sexual slavery, result-ing in the shutdown of many other sites involved in the commercial sex trade. This includes message boards where individuals post accounts of the sexual assaults of women and children as if they were reviewing a restaurant menu or product. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.009 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2054 April 11, 2018 
As I said yesterday, with reference to Facebook, the internet can be a very good thing, but we can’t be naive in ig-noring the dangers it represents when put to a perverse use to women, chil-dren, and others. What we did with FOSTA, or the Fight Online Sex Traf-ficking Act, is an unqualified good thing. It is something that Republicans and Democrats worked on together with the President to pass and to sign into law. It is a good thing that we changed the provisions that inadvert-ently shielded the facilitators of sex trafficking online. It is one way we can make the internet a safer place for ev-eryone. I applaud the bipartisan efforts of the Members here in both Chambers of Congress, as well as the President for his support. For those who think noth-ing good ever comes out of Washington these days and that Democrats and Re-publicans can’t get along to pursue the public interest, this is exhibit No. 1, which I would offer, of the most recent efforts we have made to shut down this modern day human slavery. I yield the floor. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the con-firmation of John Ring to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board, NLRB. I am glad that we are voting on this nomination because, once Mr. Ring is confirmed, we will once again have a full five-member National Labor Relations Board. Created in 1935, the NLRB admin-isters the National Labor Relations Act, which seeks to mitigate and elimi-nate labor-related impediments to the free flow of commerce. The 5 board members have 5-year, staggered terms, and the general counsel has a 4-year term. The NLRB should be a neutral um-pire in labor disputes. While Board par-tisanship did not start under President Obama, it became worse under him. An overly partisan Board creates insta-bility in our Nation’s workplaces and does not serve the intent of the law, which is to create stable labor rela-tions and the free flow of commerce. The NLRB under President Obama took two particularly harmful actions that are still in place today. First, the joint employer decision threatens the American dream for owners of the Na-tion’s 780,000 franchise locations. Under that decision, companies could find it much more practical to own all their stores and restaurants and daycare centers themselves, rather than en-courage more franchisee-owned small businesses. Second is the ambush election rule, which can force a union election before employers and employees have a chance to figure out what is going on. The rule also forces employers to pro-vide union organizers with a list of em-ployees’ work locations, shifts, job classifications, personal email address-es, and home and cellular telephone numbers. This information is highly personal, and employees may not want it shared, but workers do not have a choice. I am pleased the Board is ac-cepting comments on whether this rule should be revised. A fully staffed board is vital to both employees and employers, and I am not the only one who thinks that is impor-tant. At a Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pen-sions, HELP, hearing in September 2014, then-Chairman Harkin said, ‘‘Keeping the NLRB fully staffed and able to do its work will send a strong message to the American people that yes, Washington can work, and our government can function.’’ While attending the Catholic Univer-sity Columbus School of Law in the evening, Mr. Ring worked for the Inter-national Brotherhood of Teamsters. After law school, he joined the law firm Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, where he has worked since 1988. Mr. Ring flourished at the firm, where he worked his way up from summer associate to coleader of the firm’s labor and management re-lations practice. Mr. Ring was nominated to be a member of the NLRB on January 18, 2018. The HELP Committee held Mr. Ring’s hearing on March 1, 2018, and he completed all paperwork in accordance with the committee’s rules, practices, and procedures. We received Mr. Ring’s HELP Committee paperwork and his Office of Government Ethics paperwork on January 24, 2018, 36 days before his hearing. Mr. Ring offered to meet with all HELP Committee members and met with five of them, including two Demo-crats. Following his hearing, Mr. Ring responded to 97 questions for the record, or 158, if you include subques-tions. These responses were provided to Senators prior to the markup, and the HELP Committee favorably reported Mr. Ring’s nomination on March 14, 2018. I look forward to voting for John Ring, and I trust that he will serve with distinction. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, this week the Senate is considering two im-portant labor-related nominations: the nominations of John Ring to serve as a Member of the National Labor Rela-tions Board, NLRB, and Patrick Pizzella to serve as Deputy Secretary of Labor, DOL. Unfortunately, given the nominees’ well-documented hos-tility to the collective bargaining rights of working men and women, I will not vote to confirm either of them. If Mr. Ring is confirmed, he will re-store the Board to the 3–2 anti-labor majority, with no assurances that President Trump will fill the Demo-cratic seat of former chairman Mark Gaston Pearce expiring this summer. It is important to note here that nomina-tions to the NLRB have traditionally been confirmed in bipartisan pairs. Mr. Ring authored blog posts calling the NLRB an ‘‘activist’’ organization during the Obama administration. In other blog posts, he characterized the NLRB’s union election procedures as ‘‘some of the biggest assaults on em-ployer rights in recent history.’’ In fact, the election rule simply modern-ized union election procedures and has actually resulted in slightly fewer union elections. During the brief 3–2 Republican ma-jority late last year before then-Board Chairman Phillip Miscimarra com-pleted his term on December 16, 2017, the NLRB rushed to overturn landmark decisions, weakening workers’ rights under the National Labor Relations Act, NLRA, and undermining the stat-ute’s core purpose of promoting collec-tive bargaining, including the Brown-ing-Ferris Industries joint employer standard decision. The Board’s inspec-tor general has faulted those efforts, and the Board has been forced to va-cate the joint employer decision. A new Republican majority may reorganize the NLRB in ways that are unfavorable to workers and their collective bar-gaining rights. Mr. Pizzella is a vocal advocate of so- called right-to-work laws. They really ought to be called right-to-be-exploited laws. As Ross Eisenbray of the Eco-nomic Policy Institute reported last year, ‘‘Wages are 3.1 percent lower in so-called ‘right to work’ (RTW) states, for union and nonunion workers alike— after correctly accounting for dif-ferences in cost of living, demo-graphics, and labor market character-istics. The negative impact of RTW laws translates to $1,558 less a year in earnings for a typical full-time work-er.’’ There is a clear correlation between the decline in union membership and stagnant wages. If the Senate confirms Mr. Pizzella and Mr. Ring, the Repub-lican assault on unions and collective bargaining rights enshrined in the Na-tional Labor Relations Act, NLRA, will gain momentum, and working people and their families will suffer as a re-sult. Mr. Pizzella previously served at the Department of Labor, as Assistant Sec-retary of Labor for Administration and Management under President George W. Bush. During Mr. Pizzella’s previous tenure at DOL, the Government Ac-countability Office, GAO, determined that the Department left workers vul-nerable to unscrupulous employers while investigating complaints of min-imum wage, overtime, and child labor violations. GAO found that the Wage and Hour Division’s complaint intake, complaint resolution, and investiga-tion processes were ineffective and dis-couraged workers from lodging wage- theft complaints. Mr. Pizzella also has expressed his antipathy to Federal workers and their unions. I am proud to represent many of these public servants. The Federal workforce is one of our Nation’s finest assets, and public sector unions make it more productive. It is ironic that the Senate is consid-ering two nominees this week who are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.011 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2055 April 11, 2018 
openly hostile to the collective bar-gaining rights of working people. Yes-terday was Equal Pay Day, which sym-bolizes the number of extra days a typ-ical woman who works full-time, year- round must work into 2018 to be paid what a typical man was paid in 2017. Women are still only paid 80 cents for every dollar paid to a man, a yearly pay difference of $10,086, and the dis-parity is even worse for many women of color. Based on an analysis of Census Bu-reau data, the National Partnership for Women and Families is releasing a study which concludes that, in sum, women employed full time in the U.S. will lose nearly $900 billion to the wage gap this year. If the wage gap were closed, on average, a working woman in this country would be able to afford more than 1 additional year of tuition and fees for a 4-year public university, 74 more weeks of food for her family, nearly 7 more months of mortgage and utility payments, or 14 more months of childcare. If Mr. Ring and Mr. Pizzella and President Trump are unwilling to pro-tect female workers and try to close that pay gap, which seems likely, then let us let us arm women with the most powerful tool in our legal system: the U.S. Constitution. Let us finally pass the Equal Rights Amendment, ERA. The ERA is barely longer than a tweet, but it would finally give women full and equal protection under the Constitution. Section 1 of the ERA states, quite simply, that ‘‘Equality of rights under the law shall not be de-nied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.’’ When Congress proposed the ERA in 1972, it provided that the measure had to be ratified by three-fourths of the States—38 States—within 7 years. This deadline was later extended to 10 years by a joint resolution, but ultimately only 35 out of 38 States had ratified the ERA when the deadline expired in 1982. Note that the deadline wasn’t con-tained in the amendment itself; the deadline was in the text of the joint resolution. Article V of the Constitution con-tains no time limits for the ratification of amendments, so the ERA deadline is arbitrary. To put the matter in con-text, the 27th Amendment to the Con-stitution, which prohibits congres-sional pay raises without an inter-vening election, was ratified in 1992, 203 years after it was first proposed. The Senate should vote on a Senate Joint Resolution I have introduced— S.J. Res. 5—to remove the ERA dead-line, and every State in our Union that has not yet taken up its consideration should do so without any further delay. Nevada became the 36th State to rat-ify the amendment last March, leaving the ERA just two States short of the required three-fourths of the States threshold under the Constitution if the deadline were to be abolished. The ERA would incorporate a ban on gender-based discrimination, explicitly written or otherwise, into the Con-stitution. It could change outcomes in discrimination cases by requiring the Supreme Court to use the higher stand-ard of ‘‘strict scrutiny’’ when assessing those cases, the same standard used in racial and religious discrimination cases. I think many—perhaps most—Ameri-cans would be shocked to learn that our Constitution has no provision ex-pressly prohibiting gender discrimina-tion. In a 2011 interview, the late Justice Antonin Scalia summed up the need for an Equal Rights Amendment best. He said, ‘‘Certainly the Constitution does not require discrimination on the basis of sex. The only issue is whether it pro-hibits it. It doesn’t.’’ So I ask my Senate colleagues this question most sincerely: Are we willing to do what must be done to prohibit gender discrimination in the Constitu-tion? The people being affected by sys-temic gender inequality are our con-stituents. They are our mothers, sis-ters, wives, daughters, and our grand-daughters. They are American citizens who deserve basic respect and equality. It is time to end the assault on work-ing families in this country. Let’s end discrimination by making it possible to ratify the ERA. Let’s close the pay gap. Let’s stop denigrating Federal workers. Let’s support, not attack, the collective bargaining rights that are the cornerstone of a strong middle class. I regret that the Senate is poised to confirm two individuals who are un-likely to assist these efforts. We can and must do better. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
FAIR TRADE  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, let me do a quick history lesson with this body. In 1773, the Colonies we were get-ting more and more frustrated with King George. There were a lot of issues we raised with him—a lot of taxes, a lot of changes, things that were hap-pening in the judiciary, things that were arbitrary that were coming down. Then it boiled to a head. In December of 1773, a group of Amer-ican colonists went out to Boston infu-riated with the tariff policy over tea. The British East India Company had special access that no one else had. They had no taxes and everyone else had a tax—a tariff. It pushed out all of the other companies except for the British East India Company. A group of American colonists went out to one of the ships, grabbed all the tea in the harbor, and threw it overboard, cre-ating the legendary Boston Tea Party. That was an argument about tariffs. It was an argument about inter-national trade. It was an argument about American companies and fair trade, and we still talk about it today. It is interesting to note that in our letter that Thomas Jefferson wrote in 1776, which we now call the Declaration of Independence, in the long list of grievances that we wrote out to King George, we included this line: We are cutting off our trade with all parts of the world as one of our big grievances. That grievance fell between the griev-ance of the British Government allow-ing British soldiers to murder inhab-itants in America and our taxes with-out consent. In between those was cut-ting off our international trade. We have been free traders as a nation since even before we were a nation, and we have been passionate about keeping it fair but keeping it free and keeping it open. Free trade is a big issue for us, and for some reason it has become this big national conversation again. Should we have free and fair trade? Should we continue to engage? What does it mean to have a deficit in our trade? Does it have to be equal with every country, that they buy from us as much as we buy from them? Suddenly, this has be-come a brand-new dialogue again. I wish to bring a couple of real world moments to this, beginning with the history lesson, by stating that trade— and international trade, specifically— was important to us even before we were a country. We were gathering sup-plies from all over the world to be able to do our basic production. We are still doing that today. For some reason I run into people that think this international supply chain is something new in this genera-tion. I tell them that they should look at our history and see that the United States has always had an international supply chain. We are also 25 percent of the world’s economy. There is no nation in the world that can afford to buy as much from us as we buy from them. We are the largest economy in the world, by far. We are going to buy more from other countries. The issue is, How does this work in our economy and how do we make sure we protect American manufacturing and the American consumer at the same time? Let me walk through what this looks like. Charlie and Mary Swanson are Okla-homans and third-generation farmers and ranchers who live in Roosevelt, OK, with a whopping population of 241. The agricultural products they produce help feed the world. They raise wheat, cotton, cattle, and milo. Every year their crops are harvested using John Deere equipment. We look at the John Deere tractor and its beau-tiful green and we think: That is a great American company, except that parts of the equipment also come in its original form from Mexico. Parts come from India, and parts from Germany. Most of the parts come from the United States. They employ 60,000 people in the United States. It is a great American company— John Deere—but their cabs are made in Germany. Their hydraulic cylinders are made in Mexico. The castings from the foundry are from Iowa, but the guidance products are from California. Some of the transmission and elec-tronic parts come from India, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP6.004 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2056 April 11, 2018 
other parts are from Missouri. We see that as a great American tractor. The crews that harvest some of the Swanson’s crops are folks that come in—legally, by the way—from New Zea-land, Ireland, or South Africa. The wheat they produce goes to export markets all over the world. Some of it goes to Egypt, some to India, Japan, and South Korea. Their cotton is used all over the United States, but it is also shipped to China, as well, to produce fabrics. Some of the fabrics end up being made into garments that are shipped from Vietnam. Some of them end up right back here in the United States again, having started from the cotton from Roosevelt, OK. The milo they raise goes to feed. Most of that feed goes to Texas. If you are from Oklahoma, you may consider that international trade, but it is still domestic trade. A lot of the feed goes to China. They raise cattle, our great Amer-ican beef. We eat as much beef as we can possibly eat in Oklahoma, and the rest of it we ship all over the world. Their beef is used in Oklahoma and all across the United States, but it is also sent to Japan, Korea, and Mexico. Understand this, just as an aside: In 2017, U.S. beef producers exported 1.2 million metric tons of beef worth $2 billion. That is just American beef going around the world. Two leading partners in that are Canada and Mex-ico—$980 million in exports. It is a big part of what they do. Charlie Swanson drives a Ford F–150 pickup. It is a great American product; isn’t it? It is a great Ford truck. That F–150, by the way, is a fantastic vehi-cle. It is completely assembled in the United States, but the aluminum in that great American truck comes from Canada. About 15 percent of the compo-nents in that great American truck come from Mexico. Some parts even come from China. That F–150 is not only used extensively in the United States, but it is also shipped around the world. There are a lot of F–150 trucks on the roads in Mexico, Canada, and, yes, even in China. That F–150 rides on four good, solid American-made tires, but the steel cord in those good American tires comes from all over the world. The steel in most of our tires is not made in the United States. A lot of the chemi-cals that go into the production of those tires are from Europe, Asia, and Latin America. They are good Amer-ican tires. A lot of them are made in Oklahoma in the Goodyear facility—a phenomenal facility—or the Michelin plant in Ardmore. They make great American tires for a lot of vehicles all across the United States, but they have parts and pieces from around the world in those American-made tires, and they are shipping them out as well. So just speaking about Charlie and what is happening in Roosevelt, OK, population 241, the products they produce are going all over the world. The products they use, such as the John Deere trac-tor and the Ford F–150 with the Good-year or Michelin tires are American- made, but are dependent on trade from all around the world. I could talk about Dr. Brent Han-cock, born and raised in Kiowa County, OK. He left Kiowa County and went to the big city of Stillwater to attend Oklahoma State University, where he received his doctor of veterinary medi-cine degree. He returned back to Kiowa County and opened a veterinary clinic in Hobart in 1995. For over 20 years, Dr. Hancock has been taking care of vac-cinations for sheep, cattle, pigs, goats, cats, and dogs. It is also rumored that Dr. Hancock can operate on your rab-bit, but that is a whole different story. He vaccinates these animals with vaccines to provide some of the safest agricultural products in the world. Some of those vaccines come from companies like Bayer, which is an international company based in Ger-many. He also uses products from Merck. They have offices in 50 coun-tries, and they produce and ship their products to 140 countries around the world. Again, we look at him and say that he is a good American veterinarian. He must be all American, but he actually depends on products from all over the world to provide basic things. I cannot talk about Oklahoma with-out talking about oil and gas. Most of the pipe that goes down the hole in most of our wells is produced from steel that is not made in America. That particular type of steel that is down holding those wells is produced around the world but not here. We are dependent upon oil and gas that goes in the F–150 pickup and the John Deere tractor, and a part of it relies on steel from around the world. I can take you to Tulsa, OK—slightly larger than Kiowa County, I would say—to a manufacturing plant called SWEP. They employ 100 people and produce components for refrigerators and air conditioners. They import products from Europe, and they com-bine them with products that they are making in the United States and as-semble them. That final product is sold all over the country and is also sold to Canada and Mexico—all from one com-pany in Tulsa, OK. Drive up the road from Tulsa to Bartlesville to a manufacturing plant operated by ABB. They create a lot of products that are in wells, pipelines, and refineries all across America. That company imports products from sup-pliers from Canada and Mexico, and they create a final product that is sold all over the United States, and they sell it right back to Canada and Mexico as well. This shouldn’t be shocking to any-one. This is the same structure that we have had since the 1700s as Colonies. We produce some of our products and ship them out. We buy some to be able to use in manufacturing. This is a na-tion that is very interconnected to the world, and it is exceptionally impor-tant that our trade agreements get re-solved as fast as possible. I want fair trade. We had unfair trade in 1773 that we protested in the Boston Harbor. We still want fair trade agree-ments right now, but those trade agreements need to be resolved as fast as possible. Farmers and ranchers in Oklahoma cannot wait a year to find out what is going to happen in our trade policy. Some of them are on the edge of the knife right now of bank-ruptcy. They can’t get anything on the futures market to try to figure out what is happening in the now to be able to make the basic investments they need to make for this year’s crops. Predictability helps us, just like fair and free trade does. So while I under-stand full well that the administration is engaging in trade negotiations around the world, I encourage them to move from talking about these trade agreements to settling them—getting them resolved with Mexico and Canada and getting the best deal that we can have, resetting this agreement with NAFTA for another generation to pre-pare us for the future. Let’s get that resolved. Those are our two largest trading partners. Resolve our trade agreement with Korea, locking that one in and finishing out all the area around Asia as well. Twelve of those nations have already resolved the trade agreements they are into, putting us behind. Those nations are forming con-tracts now. We need to engage as soon as we possibly can. There are big issues with China and trade. They have not been fair in all their trade agreements. We need to re-solve our issues with China, and I am pleased that this administration is leaning in to resolve a long-term issue with China trade. It is about time someone does it, but we also need to get it resolved. We don’t need retalia-tory tariffs moving across every indus-try in our Nation destabilizing what we are doing in the economy. Let’s get these issues resolved. Quite frankly, many of the trade issues that we have with the rest of the world aren’t their tariffs, but they are our regulations. When our regulations and American redtape from our own government slow down our own econ-omy, let’s deal with our own house to make sure what we produce is competi-tive around the world, but in the mean-time, let’s move our trade conversa-tions to trade agreements so we can continue to move on toward doing the same thing we have done since the 1700s as Americans; that is, trading with the entire world and leading the world with it. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Alaska. 
CHINA  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, as we all know, our country is facing a lot of challenges, particularly overseas, and a lot of them are in the news— Iran, Syria, North Korea. When you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.013 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2057 April 11, 2018 
look out across the landscape of what the big, long-term, geostrategic chal-lenges are that face our Nation, in my view, there is no doubt that the No. 1 challenge economically and from a na-tional security standpoint is the rise of China as a great power. We need to be thinking about that a lot more because that is going to be the issue our coun-try faces, not just this year or next year but for decades. I come from the great State of Alas-ka. We are an Asia-Pacific State. We are always looking to that region—as a matter of fact, we are in that region. My hometown of Anchorage is closer to Tokyo than it is to Washington, DC. What I see as a positive on this issue— having been someone in this body for a little over 3 years, I have come down to the floor and talked a lot about this challenge, the rise of China. It is a lit-tle concerning that a couple of years ago nobody was talking about it. Very few people were talking about it, but that is changing, and I think that is positive. It is changing. This administration is focusing, and it is changing with my colleagues—Democrats and Repub-licans. Certainly, this is an area where, I think, there is a lot of agreement. I was just presiding for the last hour. The majority whip and the Senator from Oklahoma both were talking about issues dealing with China and trade and strategy, and that is posi-tive. The administration is talking about it. If you look at the national security strategy of the Trump administration, they are starting to focus on this issue. Front and center is the return of great power rivalries, with China as the lead-ing, pacing threat and challenge, but it is also an opportunity for this great Nation of ours. When you look at the history of our country, particularly post-World War II, the United States set up the inter-national system—the international trading system and security system. We have been leading them, and so many countries—hundreds of millions of people in the world—benefited from that. The irony, of course, is that the one country that benefited probably more than almost anyone is China. The rise of China was not only helped, but it was spurred by the Amer-ican international trading system, the sealanes of commerce that we have kept open for decades. So there was a moment in the last couple of decades where we reached out very much— there was a great speech by our former Deputy Secretary of State in the Bush administration, a gentleman by the name of Bob Zoellick, who went on to become head of the World Bank. He asked in a speech to the Chinese: You need to now become a responsible stakeholder in this system that we cre-ated because you have benefited so dra-matically. You are big, you are power-ful, and now help become a stakeholder in the international order that we set up. Here is the offer to you. Well, unfortunately, whether it is a Democrat or Republican, in the na-tional security and foreign policy realm, most people are sensing that China has rejected that notion. No, we are not going to be a responsible stake-holder in your system. We are going to set up our own system. As a matter of fact, we might even try to undermine your system—the global system set up by the United States of America by Democrats and Republicans over dec-ades. You see it everywhere, whether it is decades-long theft of intellectual prop-erty, whether it is high tariffs, whether it is any American company coming into China and being forced to transfer their technology. No other countries do this to China, but they are doing it to our companies and have been doing that for decades. So there is a rethinking right now. Clearly, the Trump administration is thinking about what the new strategy should be. The national security strat-egy of this administration, which I commend people to read—it is quite a good document, written by the out-going National Security Advisor, H.R. McMaster—focuses a lot on this issue of reciprocity and great power rivalry again. So as we are thinking about it, I would like to briefly touch on three principles I think will be key as we de-bate this. As we help formulate this— hopefully, in a bipartisan manner—this issue is going to be with us for decades. There are three key principles. The first key principle is reci-procity—true reciprocity. The majority whip was just talking about this. The national security strategy of the Trump administration talks a lot about it. The President talks a lot about this. This is just a fairness issue. As I mentioned, there is IPR theft; high tariffs; the forced tech transfer from American companies to China; giant, subsidized, state-owned enter-prises and state-backed investment funds buying up companies all over the world. No other country does that to China. So when you look at the issue of reci-procity, I would like to break it down into a positive and negative. You have negative reciprocity. If we can’t do that in your country, you shouldn’t be able to do it in our country. It is pretty simple, pretty fair, and everybody un-derstands that. Then there is positive reciprocity. One thing I have been encouraging the Chinese to do for many years—and I have been over there a lot and spent a lot of time with senior leaders in that country. The United States has been going over and investing in China for decades. Factories have been rebuilt from the ground up and we have em-ployed tens of thousands of Chinese with American capital. Well, you know what, China is getting big enough. They can do that in America. The Jap-anese did that in the 1980s. We had major trade disputes with them. What did they do? They started coming to our country and investing in our States with their capital, greenfield invest-ments—auto factories, for example— and employing tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of Americans. We would welcome that. As a matter of fact, in Alaska, the Chinese are talking about helping us develop a large-scale Alaska natural gas project. Greenfield investment, employing Alaskans would be positive if that is going to happen. So that is the way we need to think about reciprocity. The second key principle is allies— allies, allies, allies. The United States is an ally-rich nation. Our adversaries and potential adversaries—think about whom that might be: Russia, North Korea, Iran, potentially China. They are ally-poor. No one wants to join the North Korea team or the Iran team— well, maybe Syria—but the United States for decades has had allies be-cause they trust us. We are not a per-fect nation, but they trust us. Look all over the world. So what we need to do with regard to our strategy on China is make sure we remember not only our allies and deep-en current relationships with Japan, with Korea, with Australia, but expand them—Vietnam. The Presiding Officer and I went to Vietnam with the chair-man of the Armed Services Committee, a war hero who spent time in prison in Vietnam, Senator M
CCAIN. The Viet-namese are very interested in doing more with us. India, there are incred-ible opportunities to have a deeper alli-ance between the oldest democracy in the world, us, and the biggest democ-racy in the world, them. So allies have to be a key part of our strategy as we look at how we deal with the rise of China for the next two or three or four or five decades because all of these countries—all of our allies—are having the same challenges. Finally, the third principle we can-not lose sight of—and for too long this body lost sight of it—is robust Amer-ican economic growth. Since the found-ing of our Nation, we have been grow-ing at about 3 or 4 percent GDP growth. I have a chart, and I talk about it all the time down here. Yet, over the last decade, because of policies we in-flicted on the American people, we were barely growing at 1-percent GDP growth. What does that mean? Every-body talks about numbers, wonky. That is a proxy for the American dream, and we were not growing. We weren’t growing. In Asia, the coin of the realm of power more than any-thing—more than military power—is the power of your economy, and we have not had that. We have not shown up, and that matters. What we are trying to do in this body now—tax reform, regulatory reform, unleashing American energy—is we are going to start growing this economy again, and that is going to help the American people, that is going to re-ignite the American dream, but that is going to be key with any policy we deal with China. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.014 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2058 April 11, 2018 
So as we are thinking through this challenge—and I am going to talk about this a lot, and I know all my col-leagues are interested in this. I know my colleague from Michigan is inter-ested in it—we need to continue to focus on these core principles—reci-procity, our allies, and robust eco-nomic growth as we all struggle with and put together a long-term strategy to deal with the rise of China, the chal-lenges and the opportunities. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Madam President, our Nation’s middle class was built by the hard work of American workers. At a time when our country has become in-creasingly polarized, we should all be able to agree that everybody should have a fair chance to succeed if they are willing to work hard and play by the rules. These truly American values have in-spired generations of workers who stand together and collectively bargain for basic workplace protections such as fair wages, safe workplaces, and rea-sonable hours. These protections allow American workers and their families to be productive members of the economy and achieve their version of the Amer-ican dream, but the American dream only exists if hard work is rewarded with the opportunity to earn a good living, provide for your loved ones, and, when it is all said and done, be able to retire with dignity. This is deeply personal to me. As a nurse’s aide, my mother found oppor-tunity and led the effort to organize her workplace. She went on to serve as an SEIU union steward. Unfortunately, in the years since I grew up in Rochester Hills, it feels as though the American dream has moved out of the reach for too many Amer-ican families. Joining or staying in the middle class can be a daily struggle. We must fight every day to support and build the middle class, not chip away at fundamental worker rights. The laws, regulations, and administra-tive decisions that come out of Wash-ington have a direct impact on Amer-ican workers, unions, and the middle class. The National Labor Relations Board plays a central role in protecting the rights of American workers. The NLRB was created to safeguard their ability to unionize and engage in collective bargaining for fair workplace condi-tions. To work as intended, the NLRB must be made up of members deeply com-mitted to representing the interests of American workers. Unfortunately, the nominee we will be considering shortly, Mr. John Ring, does not share this commitment. In fact, he is the third labor attorney President Trump has nominated to the committee with zero—let me say that again—zero track record of representing workers. He has only represented clients on the cor-porate and management side of labor issues. During Mr. Ring’s tenure at one of the country’s largest firms, he advised corporations on how to undermine worker protections. He also posted blogs opposing commonsense reforms to modernize union election proce-dures, classifying the NLRB actions as ‘‘some of the biggest assaults on em-ployer rights in recent history.’’ Mr. Ring would join recently con-firmed Board member William Eman-uel, who quickly ran into ethics trou-ble based on his history of representing corporations. Just 5 months after Mr. Emanuel’s appointment, the NLRB was forced to vacate a major decision re-lated to employer liability due to his conflicts of interest. Yet the adminis-tration continues full steam ahead with new nominees with extensive cor-porate ties and conflicts of interest. This administration is also breaking precedent and all conception of fair-ness by refusing to nominate new NLRB members in bipartisan pairs. De-spite a pending Democratic vacancy on the panel, the President and Senate majority leader have instead chosen a partisan approach—doubling down on the one-sided nature of a supposedly independent Federal agency. This is simply an unacceptable development, and it is an ongoing effort to silence our Nation’s workers. Protecting American workers, the American mid-dle class, and the American dream should not be a partisan issue. I am deeply concerned with Mr. Ring’s appointment to the NLRB. If confirmed to the five-member Board, the voting majority of an agency charged with protecting workers’ voices will be stacked with members who are focused on undermining funda-mental worker rights. I think employ-ers should be treated fairly but not at the expense of our Nation’s workers and the American middle class. We need a balanced and fair NLRB, and we need NLRB members who will stick up for American workers and the middle class. Mr. Ring will not be that kind of NLRB member. The administration and the majority are actively pre-venting seating someone who will stand up for workers. I will be voting against Mr. Ring’s confirmation, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Ring nomina-tion? Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. DUCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 67 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor. Mitch McConnell, Richard Burr, Mike Crapo, John Thune, Pat Roberts, David Perdue, Michael B. Enzi, Lamar Alex-ander, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, Tim Scott, James M. Inhofe, John Hoeven, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, John Barrasso, Jerry Moran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor, shall be brought to a close? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.015 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2059 April 11, 2018 
The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 68 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 48. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Sec-retary of Labor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
NOMINATION OF MIKE POMPEO  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I come to the floor as we, as Americans, continue to see the regular reminders that the world is a very dangerous place. The horrendous reports out of Syria over the weekend show us there are leaders in the world who will test the rules that define civilized nations. They will exploit any crack that they see in our resolve. President Trump has consistently re-sponded to these kinds of challenges by showing that he is resolute and that he is unshakable. He has a foreign policy that always puts America first. To con-tinue to do this, the President needs to have a full national security team on the job and working for America. The Secretary of State is a very important part of that team. Tomorrow, the Foreign Relations Committee is scheduled to have a hear-ing on Mike Pompeo’s nomination to do this very important job. Mike Pompeo understands that if we want safety and security at home, we need a world that is peaceful and stable. I ex-pect he is going to talk about all of these things at the confirmation hear-ing, and I look forward to his testi-mony. We have all heard about Mike Pompeo’s impressive qualifications for the job to which he has been nomi-nated—first in his class at West Point; Harvard Law School; a Member of Con-gress; and the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. He has the integ-rity, and he has the experience to serve as America’s Secretary of State. As a former Member of Congress, he cer-tainly understands how policy deci-sions get made and the key importance of congressional oversight. As head of the CIA, he clearly understands the crucial role that the intelligence com-munity plays in preserving America’s national security. As a soldier, he un-derstands the consequences of decisions that get made in Washington, DC. I have traveled with Mike Pompeo to meet with world leaders and to attend national security conferences. He knows the issues, and he knows the people. He is the right person for this job. I met with him just last month after he was nominated. We talked about some of the specific issues going on around the world and how they af-fect our Nation’s national security. It was a very good conversation, and I am extremely confident that he is the right person for this job. I expect many more people will come away from these hearings tomorrow with great confidence in Mike Pompeo. He will be an excellent representative for our Nation, and he will be a strong hand to implement President Trump’s foreign policy. So I look forward to voting on this nomination as soon as possible after the hearings. It was just a little over a year ago that he was confirmed by a very large, bipartisan majority for his current job as the CIA Director. It was right here on this Senate floor where that con-firmation occurred. Fifteen Senators from the other side of the aisle agreed that Mike Pompeo was the right choice for that position. As the nominee for the job he now holds, he drew bipar-tisan praise for his qualifications. Two Democratic Senators actually came to the floor and spoke in favor of his nom-ination—Senators F
EINSTEIN and W AR-
NER. They are the current vice chair of the Intelligence Committee and the former chair of the Intelligence Com-mittee. Since that time, Mike Pompeo has done an excellent job at the CIA. Even Hillary Clinton has come out and praised his time in heading that Agen-cy. I expect that this can be a short proc-ess to confirm him in the new job for which he has been nominated, that of Secretary of State. There is certainly no good reason for Democrats to slow things down or to attempt to slow things down. We need to restore America to a posi-tion we once held as the most powerful and respected Nation on the face of the Earth. For 8 years, the previous admin-istration had us going in the wrong di-rection. The Obama administration fol-lowed a policy that it called strategic patience. That meant watching while the Assad regime in Syria crossed one redline after another. Then the redline became a green light. The result is that Syria continues to use chemical weap-ons today in attacking its own people. Strategic patience did not work. The Obama administration’s policy also meant that North Korea was al-lowed to get away with too much for far too long. North Korea continued to test nuclear weapons, continued to test missiles, and continued to use hostages as a way of getting what it wanted from other countries. Strategic pa-tience did not work with North Korea. The Trump administration has said very clearly that the era of strategic patience is over. The leaders of these countries need to understand that their belligerence will not succeed. They need to get the clear message that America has a new foreign policy. It is a policy to secure America’s national interests and demonstrate America’s leadership around the world. Part of this leadership is to stand up to show that there is a limit to the patience of the civilized countries of the world. The previous administration too often placed international opinion ahead of what was actually best for America. That only made the world a more dan-gerous place. The Trump administra-tion has begun to get us back on the right track, and Mike Pompeo will en-sure that we stay on the right track. When it comes to issues like the up-coming discussions with North Korea, Mike Pompeo understands the risks of dealing with these kinds of aggressive adversaries. He also understands the opportunities that we now have be-cause of President Trump’s forceful stand for American interests. Democrats should commit to allow-ing this nomination to move as quickly as possible. We will have a hearing to-morrow. We need to have a thorough discussion about what is happening around the world, and then we need to vote. Let’s not have any more of the deliberate delays that we have been seeing by the Democrats in this body— no more pointless and partisan ob-struction. America’s adversaries around the world are watching closely—in Russia, in Syria, in North Korea, in Iran, and in other places. It is time for us to show that we are serious about main-taining a strong foreign policy that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.019 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2060 April 11, 2018 
puts America first. President Trump is doing his part. Mike Pompeo is ready to do his part in his job. It is now time for the Senate to do our job. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FAIR HOUSING ACT  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, 50 years ago today, Congress enacted the Fair Housing Act, exactly 1 week after the assassination of Martin Luther King as he fought for economic justice for sani-tation workers in Memphis. It also came just weeks after the Kerner Com-mission issued its report on the origins of urban unrest in the 1960s. This re-port contained the now famous warn-ing that ‘‘our nation is moving toward two societies, one black, one white— separate and unequal.’’ In the wake of these events, the Fair Housing Act made discrimination in the sale, rental, and financing of hous-ing illegal for the first time. For gen-erations, redlining, restrictive cov-enants, and outright discrimination kept families of color locked out of en-tire neighborhoods, often far from where jobs were, and they created seg-regated communities that linger to this day. They denied these families the opportunity to build wealth through home ownership. Many of these exclusionary practices were car-ried out by private entities and local governments. But as Richard Rothstein reminds us in his new book, ‘‘The Color of Law’’—and I recommend to every-body listening that they read that book—Federal policies also played a significant role in reinforcing segrega-tion. From 1934 through 1962—30 years, three decades—98 percent of all FHA mortgages went to White homeowners. In a country that in those days was about 10 percent African American, 98 percent of mortgages went to White homeowners. The Fair Housing Act made this despicable discrimination il-legal. It required that Federal housing and urban development grants be ad-ministered in a way that would ‘‘af-firmatively further’’ fair housing—not in a reactive way but in a way that would affirmatively further fair hous-ing. State and local governments and public housing authorities were re-quired to use their Federal funds in ways that would reverse, rather than accelerate or reinforce, segregation in their communities. April 11, 1968, however, was not the end of our work to ensure fair housing and equal opportunities. Fifty years later, we haven’t had the progress we should have had, and so much more needs to be done. A new report this year from the Cen-ter for Investigative Reporting ana-lyzed tens of millions of mortgage records and found that all across the country people of color are far more likely—even holding constant for eco-nomic situations—to be turned down for a loan, taking into account factors like their income and the size of the loan. We know that the 2008 housing crisis hit communities of color particu-larly hard. In the run-up to the crisis, faulty mortgages were targeted to people of color. Even those who qualified for a no-frills, no-surprises prime mortgage were often instead steered into a subprime, much riskier loan. Even Af-rican-American and Hispanic borrowers with higher incomes than other bor-rowers found themselves in risky, subprime, designed-to-fail products. These practices of discrimination stripped a generation’s worth of equity from communities that had fought hard for equal access to home owner-ship. I know in my community in Cleve-land, on the southeast side of Cleveland in the Broadway, Harvard area of that community, so much wealth has been lost. As people finally began to gain in home ownership and in wealth accumu-lation, what happened in 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2011 devastated these communities. As a number of my colleagues have heard me say, in my ZIP Code of 44105, in Cleveland, OH, in the first half of 2007, there were more foreclosures than any ZIP Code in the United States of America. The household wealth of commu-nities of color still hasn’t recovered. My neighborhood hasn’t, my commu-nity hasn’t, and my State hasn’t. Mid-dle-class Black and Hispanic families lost half their wealth from 2007 to 2013—half their wealth. Middle-income Black household wealth was $63,000 in 2007. A decade later, it was $38,000. The numbers are similar for Hispanic households—$85,000 down to $46,000. Borrowers with these higher cost loans were foreclosed on at about triple the rate of borrowers with standard, 30- year, fixed-rate mortgages. Over a re-cent 8-year period, 9.3 million home-owners lost their homes through fore-closure, distress sales, or surrendering their home to the lender. After the crisis, we took steps to fight this discrimination. We created the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau to look after bank customers and to help root out discrimination. We re-quired lenders to report more detailed data so that we can more easily spot modern-day redlining. In 2015, HUD also issued the affirma-tively furthering fair housing rule. This rule would have given clearer guidelines to communities to help them assess their own fair housing needs and provided them with the data they needed to inform their decisions. It would have allowed them to set their own goals and timelines. Some of the questions communities would ask during these assessments would demand they think in new ways about how to create housing and eco-nomic opportunities for all of their residents—no matter their color, no matter family size, no matter their dis-ability if they have one. These are the types of questions this body told the country to ask when it enacted the fair housing bill five decades ago. But instead of recommitting our-selves to the promise we made 50 years ago, too many Washington politicians are trying to take us backward. Earlier this year, HUD suspended imple-menting the affirmatively furthering fair housing rule. That will not reverse the requirements of the Fair Housing Act. Instead, it hurts communities, which will once again be left to comply with the law without the technical as-sistance they need. Remember that new data that banks were going to report to make it easier to spot lenders who discriminate? The bill the Senate passed last month right here would exempt 85 percent of banks from reporting the data they are col-lecting and reporting today. So we are not even going to know what happened. This body has scaled back the amount of data we are trying to gather to stop discrimination. Without it, we can’t monitor trends in mortgage lending. It will be harder to see who has access to affordable mortgage credit and, impor-tantly, who does not have access. HUD is even thinking about changing its mission statement in ways that di-minish the importance of combating housing discrimination. The adminis-tration’s actions over the past year make it clear they are already waver-ing in that commitment. For example, in 2017, HUD withdrew guidance requir-ing equal access for transgender people in homeless shelters. Let’s pick on them even more. According to a report in the New York Times, Dr. Carson’s HUD has suspended several anti-dis-crimination investigations, including an investigation of discriminatory housing advertisements on Facebook. The administration proposed a 14-per-cent cut to the HUD budget, including affordable housing and community de-velopment programs aimed at creating housing and opportunity for low-in-come communities. We know that one-fourth of renters in this country spend at least 50 per-cent of their income on housing. If one thing goes wrong in their lives, they are evicted or they lose their homes. One-fourth of people in this country who rent are paying at least half their income in housing costs. In Cuyahoga County, the second most populous county in Ohio, one-fourth of all family units, one-fourth of all residents, homeowners or renters, spend one-half of their income on housing, so it is not just renters, but it is often home-owners too. We are deciding in this body because the President wants to—the far right in this body wants to cut spending on housing even more. We have enough money to do a huge tax cut for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.020 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2061 April 11, 2018 
richest people in the country. The rich-est 1 percent will get 81 percent of that tax cut. I was talking to an accountant the other day in Elyria, OH. It is tax season, of course, and he is busy. He said: When people come and see me, they ask inevitably when I am doing their taxes ‘‘Well, how does this tax bill affect me?’’ He asks: Are you a billionaire? They laugh and say: Of course not. He then says: Well, only if you are a billionaire will it affect you, and then you will save millions of dollars on your taxes. That is a bit of an exaggeration, but that is what that tax bill is all about. So if you are a billionaire, if you are a decamillionaire, if you made a million dollars last year, you are going to save a whole lot on your taxes this year. But if you are living in working-class housing, if you can’t afford much more than the very basic kind of housing or even worse than that, you are going to see your budget cut. You are going to see fewer vouchers. You are going to see less funding for housing. What kind of government is this, this mean-spiritedness? There are more tax cuts for the richest in this country, but let’s stick it to people who are barely making it. These are people who make $10 to $12 an hour. They make $10 to $12 an hour, and we are going to cut their Medicaid. They are making $10 to $12 an hour, and we are going to scale back their SNAP benefits. They are making $10 to $12 an hour, and we are going to undermine their housing subsidies. What is all of that about in this new government that we are living in now? The last thing we ought to do at a time when a quarter of all renter households—400,000 families in my State of almost 12 million, 400,000 fami-lies pay half of their income in housing costs. Again, if one thing goes wrong, if their car breaks down going to work, could they come up with $500 to fix their car? Probably not. Then what happens? Then they are evicted, and then everything goes upside down be-cause they can’t pay their rent, so they get evicted. The kid has to go to a new school district. They lose most of the things they have. They have to find a place to live. They probably don’t have the money for the downpayment that a landlord charges. A few years ago, I hosted a discussion with some of my colleagues and invited Matthew Desmond, the author of the book ‘‘Evicted.’’ In the front of the book, he scribbled the phrase ‘‘Home = Life.’’ If you don’t have decent hous-ing, it is pretty hard to put a stable life together for you and your family. One of the things he said in that book is that when you get your paycheck every 2 weeks or once a month, the rent eats first. You have to pay your rent. If you can’t afford to pay your rent or you can barely afford to pay your rent, you can’t do much else. That simple state-ment captures so much—a safe, stable home is the foundation for opportuni-ties. This government is going to give tax cuts to the richest people in the coun-try, and we are pulling the rug out from under people who are working every bit as hard as we do in this body—and many of them work harder than we do—just trying to get along on $8 or $10 or $12 an hour. We are denying people the opportunity of living in a safe, stable home. That is why we must redouble our commitment to fair hous-ing. That is why we must take real, proactive steps. My colleagues and I have legislation, the Fair and Equal Housing Act of 2017, that would add gender identity and sexual orientation to those protected from discrimination under the Fair Housing Act. Rather than take us backward, we must take these sorts of actions to give more Americans the op-portunity to have a safe, stable home and to build wealth through home own-ership. We must constantly work to-ward Dr. King’s vision—killed 50 years ago this month—of equality and equal opportunity for all. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. 
NOMINATION OF ANDREW WHEELER  
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the opportunity to speak today about the nomination of Andrew Wheeler to be the Deputy Adminis-trator of the EPA—an extremely im-portant position. Mr. Wheeler’s expertise and experi-ence make him extraordinarily quali-fied to become the Deputy Adminis-trator. I am a little biased when it comes to Mr. Wheeler because he has great family roots in the State of West Virginia, which, to me, is a good rec-ommendation in and of itself. I think his wealth of knowledge over the years working on environmental policy in the public and in the private sectors is just incredible. His knowledge and ex-perience will be a tremendous asset to the Agency and to the American peo-ple. He understands—watching policy being made and helping policy being made himself but also then transitioning to the private sector and watching how that policy then influ-ences the private sector as well. He has had an active hand in significant envi-ronmental—energy—and infrastructure policy achievements and debates and probably some of the failures that we have had, as well as the confirmation of numerous Presidential nominees. So Andrew will have a head start. He will hit the ground running, and that is what we need at the EPA. Andrew was also tasked with coordi-nating and working with the various agencies within the committee’s juris-diction. Most importantly, he has been and was tasked with this, so he worked with other agencies while he was a staffer. Beginning in 2009, Mr. Wheeler went into the private sector, continuing his work in environmental and energy pol-icy. Throughout his career, he has worked with individuals and stake-holders who run the political gamut, and he has left a very positive impres-sion on them. During his confirmation hearing in our EPW Committee, he was very forthright in his answers, very willing to look deeper into certain areas, and very willing to not express an opinion if he didn’t really know or was unsure of some of the details. Actually, I think he exhibited a real curiosity as to how he could make the EPA run smoother and better and be more re-flective of what the President and we here in the Senate and people across this country see as a vision for the EPA. I have also been impressed by the number of individuals who know Mr. Wheeler and who have come forward and spoken about his expertise and his willingness to collaborate on issues all across the country. He has had an ac-tive role in my State of West Virginia, which is a high energy-producing State. I urge my colleagues to vote to con-firm Mr. Wheeler. They will have no re-gret. I look forward to working with him at the EPA on issues that are im-portant to my State of West Virginia and across the country. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. 
TAX REFORM AND GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, over the last couple of weeks, many of us have had an opportunity to spend more time at home than we do just going back and forth a few days a week. While I was there, I had the oppor-tunity to talk to small business own-ers, employees—people who are seeing their paychecks for the first time re-flecting what we have done with the tax bill. Both in my hometown of Springfield, MO, and around our State, I also heard a level of optimism that was very encouraging. One of the people I talked to was on the national board of manufacturers. A recent poll of the manufacturers look-ing at their confidence level reflected that it was the highest it has ever been in all of the time they have been poll-ing on how they see the future. Mr. President, where you and I live, in an economy that makes things and grows things, we always do better. We are a productive part of the country. We don’t do quite as well in an advice economy, but we are not opposed to an advice-giving economy. We have people who give advice. But, frankly, if you put that on top of truly productive ca-pacity and a marketplace that meets that capacity, we always do very well. As I talked to people, I heard consist-ently two reasons that people feel their optimism is justified and understand-ably growing. One reason is the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. No matter what was said about the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, people who were told it wouldn’t help them are finding out, when they get their first paychecks, that it is helping them. People who were told that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.022 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2062 April 11, 2018 
investment opportunities that would encourage them to grow their small businesses wouldn’t be there for them are finding out that they are there for them, and they see those things com-ing. The economy is generally seeing money stay where we live that other-wise would have gone to Washington, DC. Forty-three different entities have come to our offices with ideas about what they are doing. The 53,000 State employees in our State—the payroll deduction would in-dicate that this year, $32
1⁄2million from just that group of employees that was sent to Washington, DC, last year—it will stay in Missouri this year. I mentioned on the floor not too long ago that one of our counties had re-ported that their county payroll—that the average county employee would take home $1,800 more this year, with the same paycheck to start with. That is beyond what they would have taken home last year. For all of those county employees put together, in Boone County, MO, it would mean that $946,000 will stay in Boone County that previously would have gone to Wash-ington, DC. That makes a difference in the economy of the county because there are a lot of other people beyond those 485 employees who see the same kinds of things happening to them, but it really makes a difference for fami-lies. That take-home pay difference that some people here in the Senate and other places in this building would suggest won’t matter to families—it turns out it matters a lot. And I will say again that it particularly matters a lot if you don’t have it. If you have all kinds of money, it is easy to say: Well, $200 a month—what difference does that make? Let me assure you, it makes a difference if you don’t have it. Lots of families and individuals are be-ginning to see the ability to do more things with their own money. The second thing I consistently heard about was just the difference in the regulation atmosphere. Earlier this week, a dozen Federal agencies came together in an effort to improve the en-vironmental review process to allow in-frastructure projects to go on more quickly—not only to diminish the time it takes to get a project started but also to be able to, with more certainty, go out and start the process of bidding and acquiring and the things you need to do to make that happen. There were a dozen Federal agencies working together with a common pur-pose, asking: What can we do to make this system work better? We have had up to 29 statutes and 5 Executive orders that resulted in a number of different decisions under Federal law that allow those projects to move forward more quickly. We had a discussion in the Commerce Committee this morning with one of the nominees for the Surface Transpor-tation Board who had been instru-mental in helping put together a more streamlined way to get things done if, for instance, you were putting some-thing back exactly where it had been. It makes sense to everybody in Amer-ica that if you are building a bridge where there was a bridge, it should take less of an environmental impact study than if you are building a bridge where there has never been a bridge be-fore. But until right now, those two things were not treated in a signifi-cantly different way; they were treated in the same way. Now, because of legis-lation that we passed and the President signed, they will be treated in a dif-ferent way, as they should have been. Location is a great advantage to our whole country. Again, in the middle of the country, where I live, I have seen— I think it may be our greatest competi-tive advantage—access not only to the national marketplace but to the world marketplace. Generally, we have the same things in America. Things that allow us to put infrastructure in place more readily and make it more afford-able to get it done in a quicker way are all good things. This week, one of the nominees we will be voting on is the Deputy Admin-istrator for the Environmental Protec-tion Agency. Over the last decade, based on theirs own estimate, the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency imposed somewhere between $43 and $51 billion in regulatory costs annually. You have to be an incredibly strong economy to absorb another $50 billion in regulatory costs from one agency. And that is their estimate; you could get other es-timates that say: Oh, no, it is going to be a lot more costly than that. These are the costs they are willing to admit to. The current administration has turned the page. I hope that the new Deputy Administrator becomes an ac-tive part of that. I think the EPA has been on the forefront of really looking at the kinds of things that are holding back the economy and trying to do things that make sense. The EPA Administrator, Adminis-trator Pruitt, quickly got on the job of dismantling two of the most costly and burdensome regulations that may have ever been proposed by any Federal agency. One is the waters of the United States, where the EPA decided that virtually all of the water in the coun-try was somehow related to navigable water. Some of it might eventually run into navigable water, but the law says that the EPA has the authority to reg-ulate navigable water. The EPA said: Oh, no, that means any water that could ever run into any water that could ever run into any water that could ever run into navi-gable water. In our State, that meant that 99.7 percent of the State would have been under the EPA authority, if they want-ed to exercise it, for things that would have slowed down the economy, made it harder to resurface your driveway or dig a utility pole or put fertilizer on your field or get a building permit. It was a ridiculous proposal, and Ad-ministrator Pruitt and the EPA under-stood that it is ridiculous—just as, by the way, the courts did. The reason this had not gone into effect yet is largely because the courts basically said to the EPA, in many instances: You don’t have the authority to do that. This change was made because the EPA realized that they didn’t have the authority. Frankly, if they did have the authority, it would have been a bad idea. There was a power plan that would have been so excessive that, in the State where I live, the utility bill would have doubled in about 10 or 12 years—a power plan that would have added up to $39 billion in compliance costs, every single penny of which would have been passed along in your utility bill and mine, all of it added to the utility bill in ways that just, frankly, didn’t make sense. The EPA has moved away from that but not away from the idea of regula-tion or environmental control. In fact, Administrator Pruitt came to the Thomas Hill Energy Center in our State in April of last year to hear di-rectly from workers, from the electric co-op members that provide electricity to many of our rural residents, and from ag leaders about the impact of that. He listened to that and went back—I am sure he did that in other places—and withdrew that rule but at the same time proposed a solution for West Lake Landfill, which has been on the critical ‘‘we need to take care of this’’ list for 30 years. The job of the EPA is not to strangle the economy. The job of the EPA is to make the environment more protected by doing the things that the EPA was designed to do. I think that is what they have been doing—looking at the rules that don’t make sense, trying to be sure that we don’t do things at the Federal level that cost people their jobs, their livelihood, and their oppor-tunities for no reason at all. I had a meeting this week—it was Friday a week ago—at the Missouri State University, where the head of the Missouri Department of Agriculture, Chris Chinn, and the Missouri Farm Bureau president, Blake Hurst, and I answered questions for about 45 min-utes from a crowd there to talk about agriculture and the future of agri-culture. Not a single question was asked about the farm bill. The ques-tions were basically about trade, rural broadband, and regulation. I think you could go to lots of other places and say: What do you want to talk about that you are most concerned about with the Federal Government, and two or three of those topics would come up again. Last year the Senate used the Con-gressional Review Act to block 15 new major rules that had come up late in the previous administration. That act had been used exactly one time since it was put into law, in 1995 or 1996. It had been used exactly one time during the entire life of the law until we were able to look at it and use it 15 times last year to eliminate rules that would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.023 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2063 April 11, 2018 
have cost our economy $36 billion in compliance costs. They were not rules that we had before. In the case of the last administration, the country had gone along without these rules even being proposed for 7
1⁄2years but, sud-denly, on the way out the door, there were all these new things that would have held the economy back in a way that, frankly, nobody would want to have to do if they were still there to take responsibility for it. So we are looking at what we can do in regula-tion, looking at what we can do in transportation, looking at what we can do to make us more competitive and allow things to happen so the tax-payers have the benefit of a process that works for them instead of a proc-ess that works with them. Rolling back unnecessary redtape isn’t just important for infrastructure. It isn’t just important for individuals. It is also important for strengthening our economy. I think we are seeing that happen. These people who are will-ing to serve, like some of the individ-uals we will be voting on this week, are people who are willing to give of them-selves and their time, their effort, and their energy to work for the citizens of our country. We should be grateful to them, but we should also be sure that we are watching carefully to be sure that they continue to do the kinds of things that create opportunity and competition. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. (Mr. TOOMEY assumed the Chair.) Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, it was about 2 weeks ago that I had the oppor-tunity to tour a steel plant in Redding, PA. The plant is owned by Carpenter Technology. It is a company that was founded in 1889. It is quite extraor-dinary. It is a vast complex in Redding, PA. They have 2,000 employees in Berks County, which is where Redding is located, and they have an additional 1,200 or so folks throughout other parts of Pennsylvania. Carpenter Technology is a leading producer and distributor of specialty metals, including what they call soft magnetics. As I understand it, soft magnetics increase the efficiency and the power and the battery life of elec-tric motors. That is one of the main applications of these soft magnetics. It is a feature in steel and other metals that allows the magnetic properties to be turned on and off very rapidly. It is an amazing technology. It is an abso-lutely essential component for all kinds of products, including aircrafts, electric cars, even medical devices. It is quite a range of products. One of the things I learned, of the many things I learned while I was at Carpenter Tech-nology, is that tax reform is working for Carpenter Technology. While I was there, the CEO an-nounced a $100 million investment, right there in Redding, Berks County, PA, to upgrade their capabilities and their capacity to produce these soft magnetics. To be more precise, they are buying an entire new hot rolling steel mill in Redding, PA. It is a $100 million investment in a new mill that will allow them to expand their output and meet increasing demand for this really fascinating product that they make. One of the things the leadership of Carpenter Technology made abun-dantly clear in their press release and in their public statements was that they were able to purchase this mill and make this $100 million investment in their company now because of the tax reform we passed. This is exactly the type of capital investment we envi-sioned when we passed the tax reform bill. It was exactly for this kind of eco-nomic activity and expansion that we wanted to lower the cost of deploying this capital and expanding business and generate the economic growth and prosperity that comes with this. By the way, Carpenter Technology is not an outlier. This kind of investment is consistent with the sentiment we are seeing all across the country. Just at the end of the first quarter— the quarter that just ended—there was a large survey of American chief finan-cial officers—CFOs—across the coun-try. It was carried out by Deloitte LLP. It was exploring the question of growth expectations for capital ex-penditure. The fact is, their conclusion is that these CFOs anticipate greater growth and more hiring. In fact, the sentiment is at a multiyear high. Why is that? Here is what Deloitte had to say about it: Clearly, there’s a high desire for invest-ment in the U.S., and that is coming from just the structure of tax reform. [CFOs] are expecting higher domestic wages, almost 40 percent are anticipating and planning for higher and front-loaded capital investments, and about a third higher research and devel-opment. What they’ve said is because of tax reform they’re going to take those actions. 
It is very straightforward. It is very clear. So here we are, just 3
1⁄2months since passage, and the tax bill has already and continues to benefit workers and businesses, and, boy, these are not the crumbs some of our friends on the other side of the aisle have tried to suggest they are. There are over 500 businesses that we know of—businesses that are sufficiently high profile that we have read about and we can track their announcements. These 500-plus businesses employ over 4 million work-ers. Over 4 million workers across America have already received bo-nuses, wage increases, enhanced bene-fits, and increased contributions to their pension plans. It has already hap-pened, and it is attributable entirely to the tax reform. So the benefits from this tax reform are clearly already flowing to the very workers we in-tended to benefit from it. So my friends on the other side have had some struggles in thinking about how they can disparage this tax re-form. They have come to realize that calling $1,000 bonuses and multi-thou-sand-dollar pay raises crumbs is prob-ably not such a good idea. So they have shifted the argument to be a kind of class warfare argument. I hear two varieties of this most fre-quently. One is this idea that, well, the benefits all flow to the rich. The second is this idea that, well, these are greedy corporations that get this tax savings, and they just use the money to buy stock back. Let’s unpack this a little bit. What about this argument that it all flows to the rich? Well, there is one problem with that argument. That problem is it is not true; it is not true at all because when we did this tax reform, we did it in a way that makes the Tax Code more progressive. What does that mean? That means that upper income Americans—the wealthiest Ameri-cans—have an increased percentage of the total tax burden. So while every-body gets a savings in percentage terms, the savings disproportionately go to lower and middle-income workers and a disproportionately small amount of the savings go to upper income workers. So when the dust clears, the net effect is wealthier people are pay-ing a larger percentage of the total tax bill than they paid beforehand. So, clearly, the benefits of this tax reform are flowing to everyone and dis-proportionately to low- and middle-in-come people. What about this idea that stock buybacks are such a terrible thing? There have been some stock buybacks. What does that mean? That means companies have taken the additional pretax cash flow they have, and they have decided in some cases that they will take a portion of it and return it to the owners of the company. It just so happens that about 40 per-cent of the owners of the public compa-nies in America are the people who have saved in their retirement plans— 401(k) plans, IRA savings accounts, 529 plans, defined benefit pension plans. These are middle-income Americans whose savings are invested in the stocks of companies. In some cases, yes, there have been stock buybacks. That means these sav-ers have had cash introduced into their accounts, which then can be deployed by the managers of these accounts into new investments, which is what hap-pens for anyone who is selling their stock in response to a buyback. They get cash. What do they do with that cash? They get the chance to reassess where they invest their money, making new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.025 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2064 April 11, 2018 
investments, making different invest-ments, reallocating capital, and shift-ing capital to where there is the great-est demand for it. This is exactly the way a free enterprise system should work. This is exactly the mechanism that allows capital to flow to its high-est use and helps to encourage still more economic growth. Better still, this is just the begin-ning. We are only 3
1⁄2months into this. We haven’t yet even begun to reap the benefits—as a country, as a society—of this reformed Tax Code. Businesses are already responding to the incentives, and with the lower after-tax cost of capital we have created, we are seeing increased investment. Whether it is a tractor or a new factory or a piece of machinery or a steel mill in Redding, PA, that investment invariably re-quires workers to produce that invest-ment, so there is greater job security and more opportunities for those work-ers. But then the company that actu-ally deploys that investment, such as Carpenter Technology in the case I just mentioned—their workers become more productive; their workers have new tools that allow them to command higher wages and a better standard of living. That is what is happening, and that is going to continue to develop as companies are just now beginning to have the opportunity to deploy that capital only 3
1⁄2months into this new tax regime. I am just delighted that every week that goes by, I learn about more Penn-sylvania workers and more American workers who are working for busi-nesses that are benefiting and enhanc-ing their investments. It is a really good-news story. Now I will shift a little bit to the CBO report that came out earlier this week, which said a few things worth noting. One should be on all of our ra-dars, and that is the fiscal challenge we face. We have too much debt, and that number is growing too rapidly. This fiscal year, the gross amount of Federal debt is $21 trillion. By the end of this 10-year window, CBO con-templates that number will go up to $33 trillion. This is a huge problem. But I think it is important that we stress where this problem comes from. This is a spending problem; this is not a rev-enue problem, and we can see this in CBO numbers. In June of last year, almost a year ago, CBO projected that over the 10- year window they were considering at the time, we would have $43 trillion of tax revenues flowing into the Federal Government, with $53 trillion of spend-ing—a net deficit over that period of $10 trillion. One year later, CBO has updated its projections, and now it is calling for $44 trillion in revenue over the current 10-year window. So there will be $1 tril-lion more in revenue, but $56 trillion in spending—$3 trillion more in spending. So we go from a 10-year window that looks as though the CBO is projecting a $10 trillion deficit to a $12 trillion deficit. Clearly the deficit is growing, and clearly it is driven by the increase in spending. The bottom line is, whether it is $10 trillion or $12 trillion, this deficit is way too big. But tax reform is going to enhance the revenue collected by the Federal Government by helping us cre-ate a larger economy to tax. The spending is our fault. That is some-thing we have to get under control. CBO has observed a couple of other things. They talk about our tax re-form, and they talk about terrific things. They say in the report that the tax reform results in ‘‘higher levels of investment, employment, and GDP.’’ We can see dramatically different pro-jections of economic growth post-tax reform, according to the CBO, than we had pre-tax reform, according to the CBO. In January of 2017, they projected that this year the economy would grow 2 percent. But after tax reform passed, they reassessed this year. They took the projection of 2 percent for this year, and they said that now it will grow 3 percent based on tax reform. That is a 50-percent increase in the growth of our economy. That is huge. For next year, 2019, they were pro-jecting 1.7 percent growth. Now, post- tax reform, they are estimating 2.9 per-cent growth—1.2 percentage points— again, an almost 50-percent increase. These are huge increases, and they ex-plain it. They say: ‘‘The largest effects on GDP over the decade stem from the tax act . . . boost[ing] the level of real GDP by an average of 0.7 percent . . . over the 2018–2028 period.’’ The fact is, this tax bill is already working. It is making the structural changes in the Tax Code that create a greater incentive for businesses to in-vest. It is making American companies and American workers more competi-tive than we have been in a very, very long time. It is going to increase the capital stock, the invested assets in our businesses that allow our workers to become more productive, and it is going to continue to allow those more productive workers to earn higher wages. Let’s be honest. No one can prove with certainty what the future holds, so it is worth looking at what is hap-pening in the present. As a result of our tax reform, what is happening today, what is happening in the present is this: Millions of Americans have been receiving bonuses; millions of Americans have been receiving pay raises; millions of Americans have seen increases in their pension contribu-tions; millions of Americans have seen an increase in the value of their pen-sions; and millions of Americans—like the workers at Carpenter Technology— have seen greater job security and greater opportunity as their employers are investing in their companies, and that is already beneficial for all of us. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, as my colleague from Pennsylvania has point-ed out, the recently passed tax bill is already having a profound impact on the economy, and, as the Congressional Budget Office report points out, over the course of the next decade, it will significantly increase economic growth in the economy and increase the num-ber of jobs. It said that over 1 million jobs would be created as a result of the passage of the tax bill. To his point, as well, they talk about deficits and debt projected out into the future, which clearly are major issues but, again, I would point out, are a re-sult of the rate of growth in spending and not of the impact of the revenues generated by lowering taxes because when you get greater growth in the economy, it means that more people are taking realizations and more peo-ple are paying taxes. The Congressional Budget Office, as a rule of thumb, sug-gests that for each percentage—a 1-per-cent increase in growth of the econ-omy—you get about $3 trillion in addi-tional revenue over the course of a dec-ade. If we assume, and I believe we will— even the CBO, which I think is very conservative in terms of growth esti-mates, suggests that there is higher growth attributable largely to the changes we made in the Tax Code, re-ducing taxes on families in this coun-try and reducing taxes on our small businesses, which incentivize them to expand and grow their operations and, therefore, create better paying jobs and higher wages, but also will generate more revenue coming in to the Federal coffers. Clearly, the issue that we have in terms of the debt picture in the long term is not about revenue; it is about spending, which is growing dramati-cally over that next decade, particu-larly in what we refer to as mandatory spending or entitlement programs. This cries out, I would argue, for re-forms in entitlement programs. But to say that somehow tax reform is con-tributing to that is a far cry from the truth, and I think the Congressional Budget Office numbers bear that out. Again, I would argue that in terms of what they suggest we are going to see in growth as a result of the changes we made in the Tax Code, I believe it is going to be dramatically understated. When it came time to draft tax re-form, Republicans really had two goals in mind. First, we wanted to put more money in the pockets of hard-working Americans, and we wanted to do that right away. Second, we wanted to cre-ate the kind of economy that would give Americans access to economic se-curity for the long term. Less than 4 months after we passed this bill, I am proud to report that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has already achieved the first goal and is well on its way to achieving the second. To put more money in Americans’ pockets, we lowered tax rates across the board for American families, near-ly doubled the standard deduction, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.027 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2065 April 11, 2018 
increased the child tax credit to $2,000, doubling the amount that families can deduct per child in terms of the child tax credit. In February, that relief started to show up in Americans’ paychecks. Ac-cording to Treasury Department esti-mates, 90 percent of the American peo-ple are seeing bigger paychecks this year, thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. And thanks to the IRS’s new with-holding calculator, families with chil-dren can adjust their withholding to take into account the individual tax relief provided in the new tax law, in particular, the increased child tax credit. That means even more in the paychecks of hard-working Americans without their having to wait until they file their 2018 tax returns next year. When it came to our second goal, we knew that the only way to give Ameri-cans access to real long-term economic security was to ensure they had access to good jobs, good wages, and real op-portunities. We knew that the only way to guarantee access to good jobs, wages, and opportunities was to make sure businesses had the ability to cre-ate them. Before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, our Tax Code wasn’t helping businesses to create jobs or to increase opportuni-ties for workers. In fact, it was doing the exact opposite. Large and small businesses were weighed down by high tax rates and growth-killing tax provi-sions, and all the regulatory and com-pliance burdens that came along with them. Our outdated international tax rules left America’s global businesses at a competitive disadvantage in the global economy. That had real consequences for American workers. A small busi-ness owner struggling to afford the an-nual tax bill for their business was highly unlikely to be able to hire a new worker or to raise wages. A larger busi-ness struggling to stay competitive in the global marketplace while paying substantially higher tax rates than its foreign competitors too often had lim-ited funds to expand or increase its in-vestment here in the United States. When it came time for tax reform, we set out to improve the playing field for American workers by improving the playing field for businesses as well. To accomplish that, we lowered tax rates across the board for owners of small and medium-sized businesses, farms, and ranches. We lowered our Nation’s massive corporate tax rate, which until January 1, was the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world. We ex-panded business owners’ ability to re-cover investments they make in their businesses, which will free up cash that they can reinvest in their operations and their workers. We brought the U.S. international tax system into the 21st century by replacing our outdated worldwide system with a modernized territorial tax system so that Amer-ican businesses are not operating at a disadvantage next to their foreign com-petitors. The goal in all of this was to free up businesses to increase investments in the U.S. economy, hire new workers, and increase wages and benefits. I am happy to report that this is exactly what they are doing. Since tax reform became the law of the land, we have seen a steady drumbeat of businesses announcing good news for American workers. So far, more than 500 compa-nies, and counting, have announced pay raises, bonuses, 401(k) match in-creases and other benefits, business ex-pansions, and utility rate cuts: Starbucks, McDonald’s, Jergens, McCormac & Company, Apple, Best Buy, Walmart, Bank of America, ExxonMobil, Hormel Foods, UPS, and American Express. And the list goes on and on. I don’t need to tell anyone that Americans had a tough time during the last administration or that our econ-omy had stagnated. But under Repub-lican leadership, we are finally starting to see the economy turn around, and tax reform is playing a very big part. Unfortunately, Democrats seem unable to accept the fact that tax reform is benefiting middle-class Americans. In fact, Democrats recently introduced an infrastructure plan that they want to pay for by repealing features of the tax law that are producing so many new benefits for American workers. Republicans wanted Democrats to join us in the process of drafting tax reform. After all, a lot of the provi-sions in the final bill were the result of years of work by Republicans and Democrats. I was a part of that proc-ess. We had working groups that spent a good amount of time looking at every element and feature of the Tax Code— bipartisan groups of Republicans and Democrats, working together, making recommendations about things that we could do to reform our Tax Code in a way that would incentivize greater growth and expansion and better jobs and higher wages. Democrats had previously expressed their support for things that became key parts of the bill, like lowering our Nation’s massive corporate tax rate. Unfortunately, instead of working with us, Democrats chose to play politics. Apparently, it was more important to them to attempt to score political points against Republicans than to work on a bill that they knew had the potential to help the American people. Almost 4 months after the bill’s pas-sage, they are still playing politics, de-spite the fact that in the face of the bill’s success, their attempts to criti-cize it are sounding pretty desperate. Take their attempt to portray the bill’s benefits for workers as ‘‘crumbs.’’ Let me tell you that a worker whose salary just increased by $3 an hour does not see that additional $500 a month as crumbs, especially when you combine it with the rest of the tax relief in the new tax law. A worker who gets an in-creased match in her 401(k) account will see her retirement savings in-crease significantly as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and she will not see that benefit as crumbs. It is too bad that Democrats can’t ac-cept the fact that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is working. At the very least, they should stop trying to undo the benefits that it is bringing to the American people. Over 500 companies across this country have announced in-creases in wages, increases in benefits, and bonuses—direct benefits to Amer-ican workers, to the tune of over 5 mil-lion Americans who already have bene-fitted from this. That is the short-term impact that we have seen already. The American people spent long enough in a stagnant economy. It is time to get this economy jump-started and to see those wages and those good- paying jobs come back into this econ-omy so that American families can benefit, can experience, and can enjoy a better standard of living, a higher quality of life, an opportunity to do more for their children, to help them with their college education, to set aside a little bit for retirement, and to take care of those day-to-day bills. Fifty percent of the American people, according to polls, say they are living paycheck to paycheck. One thing we can do to help them is to make that paycheck bigger and, hopefully, to put them in a position where they can put aside a little bit for retirement and where, maybe, they can help save up for their kids’ college education, and maybe take a vacation with the family. There are so many ways in which the benefits of this bill are delivered to the American people and to American fam-ilies and can help them in their daily lives. We shouldn’t try and go back. We ought to try to go forward and recog-nize that the near-term benefits of this bill are very real to American workers. The long-term benefits are going to be, I think, even more beneficial to Amer-ican workers, to American businesses, and to American families because not only now will they benefit from the lower tax rates that are delivered to the entire tax table, but they are also benefiting from the doubling of the standard deduction, the doubling of the child tax credit, and all the other bene-fits that are included in this bill. American businesses, small and large, are also seeing those benefits on a daily basis, so much so that they have already made these commitments to over 5 million Americans. That is 500 companies that are paying out bonuses, higher pay, and bigger benefits for their workers. That is only going to in-crease over time as this economy starts to take off because they now have an incentive to expand and grow their operations through reduced rates, when it comes both to large and small businesses, through the ability to re-cover their costs more quickly and to free up that capital with which they can invest in and expand and grow this economy and create those better pay-ing jobs. This is a win-win for the American people. It is a win-win for our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.028 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2066 April 11, 2018 
I hope our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will quit referring to it as ‘‘crumbs’’ because I know the Amer-ican people don’t see it that way. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to oppose in the strongest terms the nomination of Pat-rick Pizzella as Deputy Secretary of Labor. With this nomination President Trump is once again breaking his promise to put workers first. Mr. Pizzella has a record that is time and again at odds with the goals of the very Department he would help to lead as Deputy Secretary. His track record is one of not merely failing workers but of failing to enforce laws to protect the health and safety of workers, seeking to diminish workers’ rights and protec-tions, and undermining the unions that represent and fight for them. In fact, his record includes working with convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff on behalf of causes that are counter to the mission of the Department of Labor. In the 1990s, Congress was moving to expand labor and immigration protec-tions to the Northern Marianas Is-lands, a U.S. Territory, to end the op-eration of sweatshops that did not fol-low Federal labor laws. The law at the time let companies bring in foreign workers to toil under inhumane condi-tions. The workers were underpaid. They were forced to sign contracts signing away their rights to protest labor conditions, and some were even coerced to have abortions. The companies operating under these inhumane conditions were able to print the words ‘‘Made in the U.S.A.’’ on their products. While Congress was looking to take action to change the law so we could better protect workers, Pizzella was working with Abramoff to coordinate all-expense-paid trips for dozens of Re-publican lawmakers and staff and seek-ing to maintain the sweatshop status quo. Patrick Pizzella chose not to work for workers but for corporations. These efforts are not just counter to the mis-sion of the Department of Labor, they are counter to our national values. The rest of Mr. Pizzella’s record shows that he has taken equally ex-treme positions throughout his career. Take, for example, his radical record as the sole employee of the Conservative Action Project, a far-right group fund-ed by billionaire donors like the DeVos family, or his record when he last served in the Department of Labor. Under his leadership, the Department of Labor cut its budget in part by cut-ting down its own employees’ collec-tive bargaining rights and decreasing official time. Then there is his long record cham-pioning anti-union policies and arguing to limit collective bargaining rights. At the Federal Labor Relations Au-thority, Pizzella not only ruled consist-ently against workers and unions, but he repeatedly broke with longstanding policy by calling out the names of indi-vidual workers in his decisions. He chose to call out defendants by name and put them in the public spotlight. The pattern of Mr. Pizzella’s anti- worker ideology is clearly unchanged today. Throughout his career, Mr. Pizzella’s record has been alarmingly consistent. From his years serving as the right hand to Jack Abramoff until now, he has shown that he is not going to fight for workers. He will fight against them. It would be irresponsible to put a man with such a strong track record of anti-worker conviction a tweet away from leading the Department of Labor. It is unconscionable that someone of Mr. Pizzella’s background would be the No. 2 leader at the Department of Labor. It is unacceptable that he could be in line to serve as Acting Secretary should Secretary Acosta leave the De-partment. I strongly oppose his nomination. I will be voting against him, and I en-courage our colleagues to do the same. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from Colorado. 
OPIOID CRISIS  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, over the past couple of weeks Congress and the Senate had its State work period, and during that time we go back to our State and travel, listening to our con-stituents. I had the incredible oppor-tunity to go to Colorado and spend time on the Front Range, on the I–25 Corridor, where the vast majority of the population of Colorado lives, and also spent some time in Western Colo-rado, which most people identify as being where they travel to Colorado, with the ski resorts, mountains, Rocky Mountain National Park, and the Great Sand Dunes National Park. I also had a chance to visit some of the smaller communities in Southern Colorado, including an area known as the San Luis Valley, where some of the longest living Colorado families have farms. There are families and busi-nesses. The focus of this visit was about how we grow the economy in the San Luis Valley, the Eastern Plains, and the Western Slope—areas that haven’t seen as much economic growth as, perhaps, Denver, Fort Collins, or Colorado Springs. I also wanted to spend some time get-ting into the community and talking about a couple of the issues they face when it comes to the opioid crisis that this country faces. Over the past sev-eral years, a great deal of attention has been paid to prescription drug addic-tion and to prescription drug overdoses. My home State of Colorado actually has an average that exceeds the na-tional average when it comes to pre-scription addiction and overdose. We are losing a person in Colorado to drug overdose every 36 hours—far too many people. In our rural communities, it is not just the wealthy who are immune or the poor who are immune or the poor who are affected or the wealthy who are affected. It is everyone— wealthy, poor, low- and high-income. The opioid crisis and prescription drug addiction have affected every nook and cranny of our communities. The attention that has been paid to the addiction crisis in this country has resulted in some of the greatest bipar-tisan achievements Congress has had over the past several years. The pas-sage of the 21st Century Cures Act will expedite new treatment methods through the FDA and provide research treatment dollars for the opioid crisis and the prescription drug crisis and ad-diction. It also led to passage of the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, legislation that had great bipar-tisan support. People on both sides of the aisle worked on this legislation to-gether to pass a bill to address what is happening to our communities. Every single one of us has a story about somebody close to us, near to us, perhaps a friend or relative—probably both—who has fallen victim to pre-scription drug addiction and opioid ad-diction. Of course if you end up with a prescription drug addiction, that one pill might be $60 or $80, but you can go out on the streets and find heroin for $10 to $15. Now we see the rise of heroin replacing prescription drugs and you see the cycle. The drug dealers have figured out a way to lace cocaine with fentanyl so that it becomes a little bit more addictive and so people are hooked on cocaine more than they al-ready are. You know the dangers of fentanyl, a synthetic drug so powerful that you can’t have a dog sniff for it at the Post Office because it would kill the animal. During these roundtables that were held in the San Luis Valley about opioids, I learned a couple of things. In Alamosa, CO, I learned that about 90 percent of the jail population in Alamosa is addicted to drugs. At the same roundtable, we talked about the challenges that rural communities have in treatment. We know that if a police officer or law enforcement offi-cer or paramedic finds somebody who is overdosed and they are revived with Narcan, yes, you saved their life. You brought them back, but what happens after that? They are left to their own devices. Do they return to that abuse? Do they return to that cycle of over-dose? Without treatment, yes, they will. We learned in Swedish Medical Cen-ter Englewood, CO, the Front Range 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.034 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2067 April 11, 2018 
suburb of Denver, that 1 out of every 10 visitors to the emergency room of peo-ple who are revived by Narcan or some other treatment after an overdose will be dead within a year. So 1 out of 10 who come into an emergency room will be dead within a year. We know that there has been great success in finding alternatives to opioid medication. In fact, Colorado emergency rooms and the Colorado Hospital Association, working together with a number of hospitals, developed a program called Alternatives to Opioids, or ALTO, which is a program that we actually introduced legislation on— Senator B
OOKER , myself, Senator B EN-
NET, and others—to try to make sure that emergency rooms don’t just turn to opioid medication but find other al-ternatives because there are other al-ternatives. You don’t just have to pre-scribe an opioid-based medication. As a result, opioid prescriptions out of the emergency room have decreased by 36 percent over the 6-month course of this pilot program in Colorado. Those are remarkable results. We in-troduced legislation to mimic the same thing and to learn best practices at the Federal level so that hospitals around the country can work together, share those best practices, identify what works, and use them. We have to reform the Medicaid Pro-gram so there is no incentive for doc-tors to overprescribe addictive medica-tion. In Alamosa, physicians we talked to are entering into contracts with their patients. At San Luis Valley Health Regional Medical Center, they are entering into contracts with pa-tients about the responsibility that goes with taking these powerful, pow-erful drugs. We found new ways to make sure that the pill mills are being discovered and abandoned. We try to make sure that people can communicate with each other on how these treatments work. While I was in Colorado, we talked about the devastation that drugs are having on their small communities. We learned about a group of high schoolers who are talking to other high schools about the dangers of addiction and pre-scription and drug overdose. They are trying to work with each other to stop the cycle and to make sure that people who need help find help and hopefully will avoid it in the first place. Perhaps, one of the most frightening things that I heard during this round-table—being a parent with three chil-dren of my own, I often worry about what happens to them when they go to school and what pressures they face. Two of them are young now. Our daughter is 14, and she will be entering high school. I worry about the pres-sures they will face from their peers. I worry about them, and I worry about what happens to our community and to their friends with what is around them. But I never thought that I would hear what I heard in the San Luis Valley. We were talking about prescriptions and reimbursement from Medicaid. One of the providers brought up a challenge that they had with getting reimburse-ment. I later learned from a phar-macist that it may simply be a coding problem, and if it were coded correctly, the reimbursement would occur. This is what this provider said. They were trying to make sure Medicaid could reimburse for the nasal spray of Narcan so that children could admin-ister it to their parents when they overdosed, because it is easier for a young child or a little child to admin-ister a nasal spray than to give an in-jection. Kids are given nasal spray so they can revive their parents. If that parent goes to the emergency room at Swedish hospital in Denver, CO, revived by that child, 1 in 10 of those parents revived will not come back again because they will be dead. We have done a lot of work in this country, and we have a lot more work to do when it comes to opiate addiction and crisis. We have a lot of work to do in this Congress to come together and find ways to stop this—to break the cycle, to make sure it is easier to pre-scribe the drugs that will help instead of create addictions. We have talked to people who said they have to have 8 hours of training and certification, which makes it im-possible for certain drugs to be admin-istered by a physician in the emer-gency room because they don’t have time to comply with the paperwork. They actually would rather prescribe this drug than the opiate-based drug because the opiate-based drug, they know, would create the possibility of addiction. Yet this other drug wouldn’t. There are more barriers to prescribe the drug that wouldn’t cause the harm than the drug that would cause the harm. So we have a lot of work to do. These aren’t Republican issues or Democratic issues. They are our families’ issues. They are our friends’ issues. They are our commu-nities’ issues. I will end it with this story. One of the healthcare professionals we talked to told a story of their son who was a golfer—an athlete, loved to golf. He was injured golfing, so they wanted to make sure their son was cared for so he could recover and go on to a golf career or whatever career he had in front of him. They took their son to the doctor. Their son was given Vicodin to address the pain from the injury. At this point in the story, the mother started to cry because she feels guilty and responsible for the very first treatment that led down a path of addiction and the even-tual death of their son. All this mom wanted to do was help, and she now feels the blame of the powerful drug that led to the addiction and death of their son. It is not a unique story. That story has been shared far too many times around the country, and yet here we are once again talking about it. So I encourage my colleagues, let’s continue the great work we have al-ready done. Let’s do more. Let’s work together, and let’s make sure we can find solutions this country will be proud of. We will know this when our communities recover and people stop dying. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, all postcloture time on the Pizzella nomination expire at 9:30 a.m. tomor-row and the Senate vote on confirma-tion of the Pizzella nomination; fur-ther, that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion; finally, that there be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to each vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FISCAL YEAR 2018 INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I am put-ting a hold on the Fiscal Year 2018 In-telligence Authorization Act, as cur-rently drafted, for two reasons. The bill marked up by the Senate In-telligence Committee included three amendments I offered, one of which re-quired that the Director of National In-telligence, working with the Depart-ment of the Treasury, produce a report on the threat to the United States from Russian money laundering. My first objection to the current version of the bill is based on a change to that provision which downgrades responsi-bility for the report and removes the Department of the Treasury. The crit-ical importance of this issue to our na-tional security requires the highest level responsibility within the intel-ligence community. It also requires the direct involvement of the Department of the Treasury to ensure that all the Department’s financial intelligence re-sources, including those that fall out-side the intelligence community, are brought to bear. My second objection, as I explained in my minority views to the bill in committee, is that it includes a provi-sion stating that it is the sense of Con-gress ‘‘that WikiLeaks and the senior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.036 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2068 April 11, 2018 
leadership of WikiLeaks resemble a non-state hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors and should be treated as such a service by the United States.’’’ My concern with this language does not relate to the ac-tions of WikiLeaks, which, as I have stressed in the past, was part of a di-rect attack on our democracy. My concern is that the use of the novel phrase ‘‘non-state hostile intel-ligence service’’’ may have legal, con-stitutional, and policy implications, particularly should it be applied to journalists inquiring about secrets. The language in the bill suggesting that the U.S. Government has some unstated course of action against ‘‘non- state hostile intelligence services’’’ is equally troubling. The damage done by WikiLeaks to the United States is clear, but with any new challenge to our country, Con-gress ought not react in a manner that could have negative consequences, un-foreseen or not, for our constitutional principles. The introduction of vague, undefined new categories of enemies constitutes such an ill-considered reac-tion. 
f 
50th ANNIVERSARY OF THE FAIR HOUSING ACT Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 50th anniversary of the Fair Housing Act. On this day in 1968, President Lyndon B. Johnson signed into law groundbreaking legisla-tion to protect Americans from hous-ing discrimination and uphold the val-ues of fairness and equality under the law. Prior to the passage of the law and its subsequent amendments, it was legal for Americans to be denied access to housing based on their race, color, national origin, religion, gender, dis-ability, or familial status. African- American soldiers returning from fighting for their country on foreign shores would come home to find that they couldn’t purchase a house in cer-tain neighborhoods because of the color of their skin. The Fair Housing Act was a bold commitment to eradicating this kind of discrimination, which still continues to this day. When my own parents moved to New Jersey, illegal racial real estate steer-ing efforts nearly kept them from buy-ing a house in an all-White neighbor-hood. It took a sting operation coordi-nated by the local Fair Housing Coun-cil with a White couple posing as my parents to break the cycle of segrega-tion in the town in which I would even-tually grow up. The Fair Housing Act empowered my parents and their advo-cates and lawyers to press for their right to fair and quality housing, and it stands today as one of the seminal pieces of legislation passed in our country’s history. Today, as we recognize the 50th anni-versary of the Fair Housing Act, we re-member that this landmark civil rights law was not meant to be the end of our efforts to make housing in this country more fair and more just, but just the beginning. We know we have so much work left to do when it comes to expanding ac-cess to affordable, safe, and fair hous-ing in America, and we must remain committed to protecting and expanding on the progress made 50 years ago today by the Fair Housing Act. Thank you. f 
TRIBUTE TO RENEE SPROW Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate the contributions of Renee Sprow, who dedicated over 30 years of service to the Small Business Development Center, SBDC, network. Ms. Sprow spent her career promoting economic development and the growth of small businesses, which means that she spent her career helping countless people and their families achieve the American dream. One of many highlights of Ms. Sprow’s service to the Federal Govern-ment and private industry was her crit-ical role in helping to establish the Na-tional Minority Purchasing Council, now known as the National Minority Supplier Development Council, which reports private contracts exceeding $1 billion to minority suppliers. She de-signed and directed small, minority and women-owned subcontracting pro-grams for major Federal and private- sector construction and revitalization projects, resulting in the award of mul-timillion dollar subcontracts. Under Ms. Sprow’s leadership as di-rector of the Maryland SBDC, the value of contracts awarded to minority firms who met the U.S. Department of Defense’s Socially and Economically Disadvantaged Business Utilization qualifications increased by more than 200 percent. Ms. Sprow also participated in the drafting of Public Law 95–507, which es-tablished the legal authority to re-shape Federal procurement policy for contracting with minority and women- owned firms. As an entrepreneur her-self, Mr. Sprow owned and operated two businesses that generated annual revenues exceeding $1 million. Ms. Sprow’s objective while serving as director of the Maryland SBDC was to contribute to economic development within the State by making the net-work responsive to the needs of Mary-land’s small business community. She deftly managed a $4.3 million annual budget and 50 staff members in 22 of-fices located throughout Maryland. During her tenure, she realigned the SBDC network to target assistance to businesses more effectively and effi-ciently. In 2009, one of her regions ranked first in region III and second nationwide for the annual SBDC of the Year award presented by the Small Business Administration, SBA. In addi-tion, the Washington, DC, and Balti-more district SBA offices each selected a Maryland SBDC region as the winner of the 2009 SBDC Excellence and Inno-vation Center Award. Ms. Sprow transformed the SBDC network’s operational methods to favor economic outcomes over mere output. To do so, she instituted a management performance system to ensure account-ability for network performance. This management tool for evaluating, meas-uring, analyzing, and improving SBDC operations also helped objectively de-termine economic impact and cus-tomer satisfaction. Ms. Sprow established a subsidiary program to assist firms in obtaining government contracts. In 2008, the pro-gram’s clients obtained more than $37 million in government contracts. In conjunction, she developed industry as-sistance programs for high technology, retail, construction, and green business opportunities in response to client needs. Under Ms. Sprow’s leadership, the Maryland SBDC attained national accreditation in 2000, 2005, and 2009. It is no surprise that, thanks in part to Ms. Sprow’s significant contributions, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has named Maryland the No. 1 State in the Nation for entrepreneurship and inno-vation. Ms. Sprow received a B.A. in business administration from Howard Univer-sity and a master’s degree in business administration, specializing in mar-keting, from The George Washington University. She was the guest of honor at a luncheon last week, while the Sen-ate was in recess, to celebrate her ca-reer and her retirement, so I wanted to take this opportunity to urge my col-leagues to join me in thanking Ms. Sprow for her exemplary service to her community, to Maryland, and the Na-tion and to send our best wishes for a happy and fulfilling retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. KENNETH A. BERTRAM Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I rise today to celebrate the service and achievements of an esteemed and val-ued member of the U.S. Senior Execu-tive Service, Dr. Kenneth A. Bertram, who completes a 32-year career of dis-tinguished service to our Nation on June 30, 2018. Dr. Bertram has worked tirelessly to improve the medical readiness of U.S. military personnel, and challenged the constraints of a burdensome acquisi-tion system that discouraged meaning-ful partnerships between military med-icine and the commercial sector. His work culminated in the creation of the Medical Technology Enterprise Consor-tium, a South Carolina-based nonprofit corporation that connects more than 170 private-sector companies, academic research institutions, and nonprofit or-ganizations to the U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command, fos-tering research collaborations to pre-vent injuries and disease impacting our Nation’s soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines, treating those who are wounded in conflict and restoring the injured to the maximum achievable quality of life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.033 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2069 April 11, 2018 
Dr. Bertram’s personal awards in-clude the Meritorious Civilian Service Medal, the Superior Civilian Service Medal, two awards of the Legion of Merit, ‘‘A’’ Proficiency Designator in Hematology/Oncology from the Sur-geon General of the U.S. Army, Order of Military Medical Merit, two awards of the U.S. Army Meritorious Service Medal, and two awards of the U.S. Army Commendation Medal. Dr. Ber-tram’s professionalism, patriotism, and sustained selfless commitment to serv-ice reflect the very best values of our Nation’s Senior Executive Service. I join his family and friends in wishing him the best in the years ahead. 
f 
REMEMBERING BRONSON C. L A FOLLETTE Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Bronson C. La Follette, who was born in 1936 in Washington, DC, and passed away March 15, 2018, in Madison, WI. Bronson dedicated his life to the pursuit of justice and was known as the People’s Lawyer. He was a pro-gressive in the tradition of his father, Senator Robert M. La Follette, Jr., and his grandparents Senator Robert M. ‘‘Fighting Bob’’ La Follette, Sr., and Belle Case La Follette. A true Badger at heart, Bronson earned his bachelor’s and law degrees from the University of Wisconsin— Madison. Following his graduation in 1960, he worked in private practice be-fore being appointed Assistant U.S. At-torney for the Western District of Wis-consin by U.S. Attorney General Rob-ert Kennedy. In 1964, at the age of 28, he was elected as Wisconsin’s attorney general and served two terms. He was the youngest state attorney general in American history ever elected to the office. As attorney general, he was a champion for consumer protection and served as chair of President Lyndon Johnson’s Consumer Advisory Council. In 1968, Bronson became the Demo-cratic Party’s nominee for Governor of Wisconsin, an election he lost to in-cumbent Governor Warren Knowles. In 1974, Bronson was again elected as at-torney general of Wisconsin, vowing to make the department of justice live up to its name. To Bronson, that meant taking on an activist role, hiring a bright young progressive team, and not being afraid to tackle new ideas and sensitive subjects head on. Wisconsin-ites will recognize some of the attor-neys who made up that bright, young team because two of them have become iconic progressives in their own right. Ed Garvey and Kathleen Falk spent a portion of their early careers in Bronson La Follette’s department of justice. In 1978, Bronson married the love of his life, Barbara. He was also blessed with a son, a daughter, two grand-children, and two great-randchildren. In 1987, Bronson retired from public service and joined a prominent law firm where he continued to advocate for criminal justice reform and govern-ment transparency. Bronson was also a passionate advo-cate for children. He founded the Dane County Project for the Prevention of Child Abuse and became the chairman of the National Campaign for Missing and Exploited Children. No tribute to Bronson La Follette would be complete without a nod to his wonderful sense of humor. Together with his friend, State treasurer Charles Smith, he campaigned in a camper, bringing their unique blend of politics and fun to communities throughout the State. He cherished his reputation as a talented washboard player and percussionist. His most remembered antics involved his Irish Setter ‘‘Cut-ter.’’ When Bronson was cited with al-lowing Cutter to run at large in Maple Bluff, he hired Madison attorney and prankster Edward Ben Elson to defend the dog. Elson demanded that the dog be tried by a jury of his peers: 12 Irish Setters. In his next campaign, Bronson had buttons featuring Cutter with the slogan ‘‘Bronson dog gone it.’’ A colorful spectrum of words is nec-essary to capture the essence of Bronson La Follette, some of which may seem contradictory. Those words include progressive, irreverent, bipar-tisan, entertaining, passionate, fair, outspoken, just, funny, service-minded, champion, fun-loving, defender, activ-ist, committed, blunt, values-driven, but what I will remember most about Bronson is how vigorously he embraced his personality, how sweetly he loved his family, and how passionately he fought for justice. Wisconsin owes a debt of gratitude to this extraordinary man who brought equality and justice to so many. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE SIKH COMMUNITY IN NEW JERSEY ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the important con-tributions of the Sikh community in New Jersey and across the country. New Jersey is enriched by the diversity of its residents who have promoted a climate of social tolerance and intel-lectual pluralism that has sustained our State throughout its history. Since first immigrating to the United States from Punjab, India, over 100 years ago, the Sikh community has played a crit-ical role in enhancing and contributing to New Jersey and our Nation. This month, Sikhs in New Jersey and across the country will celebrate their most significant annual event, Vaisakhi, the Sikh New Year; pro-viding the Sikh community the time to remember history, celebrate collec-tively, and recommit to their religious traditions. The New Jersey Sikh community has demonstrated a strong commitment to public service. Every Gurdwara, the Sikh place of worship, has a Langar, a free community kitchen that serves all visitors regardless of religion, caste, gender, economic status, or ethnicity. The Langar instills the notion of equal-ity and the brotherhood for all. Every November, the New Jersey Sikh com-munity expands on this tradition and organizes the ‘‘Let’s Share a Meal’’ event that distributes meals to home-less shelters in the area. In 2017, 275 Sikh community members prepared, packed, and delivered meals to 84 shel-ters over 2 days. This served more than 15,000 New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania residents. New Jersey also recently welcomed three Sikh Americans as new public of-ficials. On January 1, 2018, Ravi Bhalla became Hoboken’s 30th mayor and the State’s first Sikh mayor. Bhalla had previously served two terms on Hobo-ken’s city council. Although Bhalla ex-perienced periodic hateful attacks dur-ing his mayoral campaign, voters re-soundingly rejected such divisive rhet-oric when they elected him mayor. In addition to electing its first Sikh mayor, New Jersey also elected Balvir Singh as a member of the Burlington County Board of Chosen Freeholders, making him the first Sikh American to win a countywide election in New Jer-sey. Singh, who served for nearly 2 years as a member of the Burlington Township Board of Education, was sworn into office on January 3, 2018. New Jersey is also home to the Na-tion’s first Sikh State attorney gen-eral, Gurbir Grewal. Grewal had pre-viously served as the Bergen County prosecutor. The State Senate unani-mously approved his appointment by a 29–0 vote on January 16. Grewal will en-force the law in a manner that protects all New Jersey residents. The broad support that these three individuals garnered is a testament to New Jersey’s culture of inclusion of in-dividuals of all ethnicities and reli-gious backgrounds. However, we know that Sikh Ameri-cans across the country continue to en-dure discrimination and hateful at-tacks, from school bullying to verbal assaults to violence. I invite my colleagues to join me in recognizing the important contribu-tions of the Sikh community across the country as it celebrates its New Year festival. May we join with Sikh Americans in rejecting discrimination of any kind and embracing the rich di-versity that makes each of our States strong and whole.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING HARRY SHIPLEY, JR. ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to the life of Harry Shipley, Jr., from my hometown of Fort Smith, AR. Mr. Shipley was a husband, father, veteran, businessman, and community leader. He passed away on March 24, 2018, at the age of 96. Born in 1922 during the Great Depres-sion, Shipley graduated from Fort 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP6.027 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2070 April 11, 2018 
Smith High School, where he was stu-dent body president. He attended the University of Arkansas and served as student commander of the Army ROTC while earning a degree in business. A member of the Greatest Genera-tion, he was a second lieutenant in re-connaissance and intelligence in the U.S. Army during World War II. He served in the European Theater and was injured in the Battle of Siegfried Line. Shipley received the Bronze Star and Purple Heart for his service to his country. After the war, he graduated from the American Institute of Baking in Chi-cago, IL, and joined his father at the Shipley Baking Company. He worked there for 54 years, from 1945 to 1996, along with his brother and sons. He re-tired in 1996 as chairman of the board after the company was sold to Flower Foods. Mr. Shipley was also a man of faith and someone who was involved in his community in a variety of ways. He was a lifetime member of First United Methodist Church and served as an usher and on several committees with-in the congregation. I join with many in the Fort Smith community to honor Harry Shipley, Jr., and the wonderful legacy he leaves behind. My thoughts and prayers are with his loved ones as they mourn his passing and celebrate his life. ∑ 
f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF COASTAL ENTERPRISES, INC. ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize the 40th anniversary of Coastal Enterprises, Inc., CEI. Headquartered in Brunswick, ME, CEI is a national leader in rural economic development, helping to grow busi-nesses and support communities through providing financing assistance and support for environmentally sus-tainable practices to increase pros-perity in Maine and across the country. CEI provides loans and technical as-sistance to small businesses and com-munity development stakeholders while simultaneously advancing changes in public policy to promote an environment ripe for economic growth. Since its founding, CEI has been a mission-driven organization, striving to enable all people, especially those from low-income backgrounds, to reach their full potential. With a joint focus on economic growth and environmental health, CEI has tirelessly worked for 40 years to create a Maine economy that is sustainable both for our citizens and our land. CEI’s immense impact is undisputed; since inception, they have financed $1.32 billion dollars’ worth of loans, helping over 2,700 businesses. These companies often provide the backbone of their communities, in total employ-ing over 37,000 people. Furthermore, CEI has been instrumental in the areas of affordable housing and childcare. Through their investments, they have created or preserved 2,075 affordable housing units and 5,818 childcare slots, providing much-needed relief for fami-lies. The success of the last 40 years speaks to the vision of the founders and the dedication of CEI’s employees. We are lucky to have Coastal Enter-prises, Inc., in our State, and I wish to congratulate them on their 40th anni-versary. I am looking forward to watching the positive impacts of CEI’s work for years to come.∑ f 
REMEMBERING WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ VARN ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, today I would like to take a moment to recog-nize and honor the life of William ‘‘Bill’’ Varn, a great South Carolinian, who departed this life on November 18, 2017. Bill was a veteran of the U.S. Navy and served in World War II. After the war, Bill joined and eventually took over Enterprise Bank, originally located in Smoaks, SC. Mr. Varn served as CEO from 1951 to 2013, when he was named director emeritus last spring. It is believed that he is South Carolina’s longest serving banker ever, and dedicated more than 70 years of his life to the industry. Today Emeritus Bank is a $333 million institution spread across six SC counties. Mr. Varn will be remembered not only for the great contributions he made in the financial services industry, but also for his love of his country, State, and family.∑ 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF FAIRVIEW BAPTIST CHURCH ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I would like to congratulate and honor Fair-view Baptist Church in Spartanburg, SC for their 100th anniversary, which will be celebrated on June 24, 2018. Fairview Baptist Church was estab-lished in 1918 by a group of residents of the Fairview community, known also as the Flatwoods, under direction of Rev. C.M. Ellis and nine charter mem-bers. Starting with only 40 members 100 years ago, Fairview Baptist has since grown to include hundreds from the Spartanburg area, while still re-maining a welcoming and devoted place of worship in the community. I acknowledge and celebrate the church’s 100 years as a congregation faithfully serving the people of Spartanburg.∑ 
f 
200TH ANNIVERSARY OF STANDING SPRINGS BAPTIST CHURCH ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I would like to congratulate and honor Stand-ing Springs Baptist Church in Simpsonville, SC, for their 200th anni-versary, which will be celebrated on October 18, 2018. As Standing Springs celebrates their bicentennial through-out the week and weekend, I thank them for their ongoing mission of serv-ice and fellowship that I hope will con-tinue for 200 more years to come. I ac-knowledge and celebrate the church’s 200 years as a congregation faithfully serving the people of Simpsonville and Greenville County.∑ f 
UNVEILING OF THE BISHOPVILLE JAMES DAVISON HERIOT STATUE ON THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF ARMISTICE DAY ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I would like to recognize the American Legion Post 29 in Bishopville, SC as they cele-brate the unveiling of the James Davison Heriot statue in downtown Bishopville on Sunday, November 11, 2018. James Davison Heriot was a South Carolina National Guard soldier who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during World War I. Post 29 is honoring the Americans who fought in World War I by unveiling this statue on the 100th anniversary of the end of the American involvement in the conflict, previously known as Armistice Day. I look forward to the unveiling of the Bishopville Heriot statue, as well as all other commemo-rations that will take place on this spe-cial 100th anniversary.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:32 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2219. An act to increase the role of the financial industry in combating human traf-ficking. H.R. 4203. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, with regard to stalking. H.R. 4921. An act to require the Surface Transportation Board to implement certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation. H.R. 4925. An act to require the Adminis-trator of the Federal Railroad Administra-tion to implement certain recommendations for management and collection of railroad safety data. 
The message also announced that pursuant to section 431(a)(3) of the Con-solidated Appropriations Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–31), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following individ-uals on the part of the House to the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commis-sion: Ms. Rebecca Kleefisch of Oconomowoc, Wisconsin and Ms. Heather Higgins of New York, New York. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 12:19 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 3445. An act to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of pro-grams under the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act and the Millennium Challenge Corporation, and for other purposes. H.R. 3979. An act to amend the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 to reauthorize the volun-teer services, community partnership, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.030 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2071 April 11, 2018 
refuge education programs of the National Wildlife Refuge System, and for other pur-poses. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2219. An act to increase the role of the financial industry in combating human traf-ficking; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 4203. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, with regard to stalking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 4921. An act to require the Surface Transportation Board to implement certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 4925. An act to require the Adminis-trator of the Federal Railroad Administra-tion to implement certain recommendations for management and collection of railroad safety data; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4774. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Final Sequestration Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2018’’; to the Special Committee on Aging; Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; Appropriations; Armed Services; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Budget; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Energy and Natural Resources; Environment and Public Works; Select Committee on Ethics; Fi-nance; Foreign Relations; Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; Indian Affairs; Select Committee on Intelligence; the Judiciary; Rules and Administration; Small Business and Entrepreneurship; and Veterans’ Affairs. EC–4775. A communication from the Acting Administrator, Rural Housing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Truth in Lending—Real Estate Settlement Procedures’’ ((7 CFR Part 1940) (RIN0575– AD11)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 5, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4776. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Monetary Penalty Inflation Adjust-ment for 2018’’ (RIN0510–AA04) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 5, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4777. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Lemons From Chile Into the Conti-nental United States’’ (RIN0579–AE20) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4778. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Support of Civilian Law Enforcement Agencies’’ (RIN0790–AK04) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4779. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Support of Civil Au-thorities’’ (RIN0790–AK06) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–4780. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the mobilizations of selected reserve units, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 5, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–4781. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Herbert R. McMaster, Jr., United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4782. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Terry J. Benedict, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4783. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting the report of fifteen (15) officers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of major general or brigadier gen-eral in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4784. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting proposed legislation rel-ative to the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–4785. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Navy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the review of the post courts-martial actions in the case of the 1944 Port Chicago Explosion; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–4786. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to United States Citi-zens Detained by Iran; to the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; Fi-nance; and Foreign Relations. EC–4787. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a notice of the continuation of the national emergency with respect to So-malia that was declared in Executive Order 13536 of April 12, 2010; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4788. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Col-lection and Transmission of Annual AMC Registry Fees’’ ((12 CFR Part 1102) (Docket No. AS17–07)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 5, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4789. A communication from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Consumer Response Annual Report’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4790. A communication from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau’s Office of Minority and Women Inclusion Annual Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4791. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Imple-mentation of the February 2017 Australia Group (AG) Intersessional Decisions and the June 2017 AG Plenary Understandings; Addi-tion of India to the AG’’ (RIN0694–AH37) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 5, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4792. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘As-sessment Regulations’’ ((12 CFR Part 327) (RIN3064–AE40)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4793. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-moval of Transferred OTS Regulations Re-garding Minimum Security Procedures Amendments to FDIC Regulations’’ (RIN3064–AE47) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–4794. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-moval of Transferred OTS Regulations Re-garding Consumer Protection in Sales of In-surance’’ (RIN3064–AE49) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4795. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Real Es-tate Appraisals’’ (RIN7100–AE81) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2019; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4796. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to discre-tionary appropriations legislation; to the Committee on the Budget. EC–4797. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison, Office of Natural Re-sources Revenue, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inflation Adjustments to Civil Monetary Penalty Rates for Calendar Year 2018’’ (RIN1012–AA23) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–4798. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison, Office of Natural Re-sources Revenue, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP6.007 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2072 April 11, 2018 
a rule entitled ‘‘Repeal of Regulatory Amendment and Restoration of Former Reg-ulatory Language Governing Service of Offi-cial Correspondence’’ (RIN1012–AA22) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4799. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘New Source Performance Standards and National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Author-ity to New Mexico’’ (FRL No. 9975–94–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4800. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; Alaska: Regional Haze Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9976–71–Re-gion 10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4801. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Missouri; Up-date to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9976–48–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4802. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Findings of Failure to Submit State Implementation Plan Submissions for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter National Ambi-ent Air Quality Standards (NAAQS)’’ (FRL No. 9976–35–OAR) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4803. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Nebraska Air Quality Im-plementation Plans, Operating Permits Pro-gram, and 112(l) Program; Revision to Ne-braska Administrative Code’’ (FRL No. 9976– 52–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4804. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Yolo-Solano Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9976–06–Region 9) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4805. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Wy-oming; Sheridan PM10 Nonattainment Area Limited Maintenance Plan and Redesigna-tion Request’’ (FRL No. 9975–84–Region 8) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4806. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Col-orado; Revisions to the Transportation Con-formity Consultation Process’’ (FRL No. 9976–02–Region 8) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4807. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Designations for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Primary National Am-bient Air Quality Standard—Round 3—Sup-plemental Amendment’’ (FRL No. 9976–40– OAR) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4808. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; South Carolina; Update to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9974–17–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4809. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to tariffs on aluminum and steel imports; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4810. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Com-missioner, U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 5, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–4811. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Initial Guidance Under Section 163(j) as Applicable to Taxable Years Beginning After December 31, 2017’’ (Notice 2018–28) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4812. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Announcement and Report Concerning Advance Pricing Agree-ments’’ (Notice 2018–08) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 3, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4813. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Additional Guid-ance Under Section 965; Guidance Under Sec-tions 62, 962, and 6081 in Connection With Section 965; and Penalty Relief Under Sec-tions 6654 and 6655 in Connection with Sec-tion 965 and Repeal of Section 958(b) (4)’’ (No-tice 2018–26) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 3, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4814. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Security Considerations with Respect to Country-by- Country Reporting’’ (Notice 2018–31) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 3, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4815. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance Regard-ing the Implementation of New Section 1446(f) for Partnership Interests That Are Not Publicly Traded’’ (Notice 2018–29) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 3, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4816. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance Under Section 1061, Partnership Interests Held in Connection with Performance of Services’’ (Notice 2018–18) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 3, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4817. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Age 100 Guidance for 2017 CSO Tables’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–20) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 3, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4818. A communication from the Chief of the Border Security Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Def-inition of Importer Security Filing Im-porter’’ (RIN1651–AA98) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4819. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Port Limits of Savannah, GA’’ (CBP Dec. 18–03) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4820. A joint communication from the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Attorney General, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, an annual report relative to the Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Pro-gram for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4821. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2018–0030 - 2018–0035); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4822. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services for the oper-ation, training, and maintenance of ScanEagle and Integrator Unmanned Aerial System for end use by the Royal Saudi Land Forces in the amount of $50,000,000 or more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP6.011 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2073 April 11, 2018 
(Transmittal No. DDTC 17–134); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–4823. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of fully automatic machine guns, gun barrels, spare parts, and accessories to Bah-rain in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 16–097); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–4824. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of machine guns, spare parts, and ac-cessories to Saudi Arabia in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 16– 118); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4825. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services to Norway to support the integration, installation, oper-ation, training, testing, O–Level mainte-nance, and repair of F–135 propulsion sys-tems in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–068); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–4826. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services to Germany and Israel to support the design, develop-ment, and manufacture of magazines, grips, new variations of pistols, and other firearm components by Israel (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–102); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4827. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services to Israel to support the Missile Firing Unit and Stunner Interceptor Subsystems of the David’s Sling Weapon System in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–107); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4828. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services to support qualification, modification, test, repair, and integration of components for Tamir Inter-ceptor missiles for end-use by the Ministry of Defense for Israel in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–120); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–4829. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, the certification of a proposed li-cense for the export of defense articles, in-cluding technical data and defense services to Canada and the United Kingdom for the production of Tomahawk Missile Electronic Assemblies in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–121); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4830. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of semi-automatic pistols of various calibers to Canada for commercial resale in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 17–145); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4831. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of bolt action rifles and semi-auto-matic rifles of various calibers to Canada for commercial resale in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–131); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4832. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Privacy Act; Imple-mentation’’ (RIN0925–AA63) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 3, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4833. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Applica-tions for Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapies’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4834. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a performance report rel-ative to the Animal Drug User Fee Act for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4835. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a performance report rel-ative to the Animal Drug User Fee Act for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4836. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a financial report relative to the Animal Drug User Fee Act for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4837. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a financial report relative to the Animal Generic Drug User Fee Act for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4838. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cigarettes, Smokeless To-bacco, and Covered Tobacco Products; Change of Office Name and Address; Tech-nical Amendment’’ ((21 CFR Part 1140) (Docket No. FDA–2018–N–0011)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4839. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medical Devices; Technical Amendment’’ ((21 CFR Parts 890, 800, 1020, and 1040) (Docket No. FDA–2018–N–0011)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4840. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Good Guidance Practices; Technical Amendment’’ ((21 CFR Part 10) (Docket No. FDA–2018–N–1097)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4841. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revision of Organization; Technical Amendment’’ ((21 CFR Part 5) (Docket No. FDA–2018–N–0011)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4842. A communication from the Chair-man, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4843. A communication from the Chair-man, Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2017 annual re-port relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retalia-tion Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4844. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the U.S. Small Business Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Fed-eral Employee Antidiscrimination and Re-taliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4845. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Noti-fication and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4846. A communication from the Spe-cial Counsel, Office of Special Counsel, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office’s fiscal year 2017 report relative to the Notifi-cation and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4847. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4848. A communication from the Chair-man of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4849. A communication from the Chief Judge, Superior Court of the District of Co-lumbia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the District of Columbia 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP6.013 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2074 April 11, 2018 
Family Court Act; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4850. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s fiscal year 2017 annual re-port relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retalia-tion Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4851. A communication from the Direc-tor, Congressional Affairs and Public Rela-tions, U.S. Trade and Development Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4852. A communication from the Chair-man of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4853. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Stronger Management of the Housing Production Trust Fund Could Build More Affordable Housing’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4854. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of Seven Fentanyl-Related Substances In Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA– 475) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4855. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of MAB–CHMINACA In Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act’’ (Docket No. DEA–421) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4856. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of Fentanyl-Related Sub-stances In Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–476) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–4857. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of Cyclopropyl Fentanyl In Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–474) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2018; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. EC–4858. A communication from the Attor-ney, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Draw-bridge Operation Regulation Atlantic Intra-coastal Waterway, Wappoo Creek, Charles-ton, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0713)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4859. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones Delaware River, Philadelphia, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0090)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4860. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones Delaware River, Philadelphia, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0246)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4861. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River, Port Gibson, MS’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0229)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4862. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: Pier 39 Fireworks Display, San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0125)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4863. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Cape Fear River, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0965)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4864. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: Juan Benitez Fireworks Dis-play, San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0063)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4865. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: Vigor Industrial Drydock Movement, West Duwamish Waterway; Se-attle, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–1061)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4866. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: Recurring Fireworks Display Within the Fifth Coast Guard District’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0182)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4867. A communication from the Asso-ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Connect America Fund; ETC Annual Reports and Certifi-cations; Establishing Just and Reasonable Rates for Local Exchange Carriers; Devel-oping a Unified Intercarrier Compensation Regime’’ ((RIN3060–AK57) (FCC 18–29)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 5, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4868. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures for the Mobility Fund Phase II Challenge Process’’ ((WC Docket No. 10–90 and WT Docket No. 10–208) (DA 18–186)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4869. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Parts 1, 2, 22, 24, 27, 90, and 95 of the Commission’s Rules to Improve Wireless Coverage Through the Use of Signal Boosters’’ ((WT Docket No. 10–4) (FCC 18–35)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4870. A communication from the Asso-ciate Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Accelerating Wire-less Broadband Deployment by Removing Barriers to Infrastructure Investment’’ ((WT Docket No. 17–79) (FCC 18–30)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4871. A communication from the Chair-man, Federal Maritime Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the 56th Annual Report of the activities of the Federal Mari-time Commission for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 1160. A bill to include Livingston Coun-ty, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Freeport in Stephenson Coun-ty, Illinois, to the Lincoln National Heritage Area, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 224). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1181. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Agriculture to ex-pedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Sec-retary for good Samaritan search-and-recov-ery missions, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–225). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 1260. A bill to authorize the exchange of certain Federal land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore for certain non-Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP6.016 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2075 April 11, 2018 
land in Jackson County, Mississippi, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–226). S. 1602. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the suitability and feasibility of designating cer-tain land as the Finger Lakes National Her-itage Area, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–227). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 2615. A bill to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–228). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 2644. A bill to ensure independent inves-tigations and judicial review of the removal of a special counsel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. 2645. A bill to establish a demonstration program under which the Drug Enforcement Administration provides grants to certain States to enable those States to increase participation in drug take-back programs; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2646. A bill to establish a pilot program administered by the Secretary of Labor, in collaboration with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to award competitive grants to counties (or other equivalent enti-ties) and Tribal entities to administer com-bined workforce training and drug addiction treatment and recovery programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , and Mr. M ARKEY ): S. 2647. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to strengthen re-quirements related to nutrient information on food labels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. NELSON: S. 2648. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to encourage employers to hire individuals working in dying industries or occupations made obsolete by technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: S. 2649. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish a natural gas demand re-sponse pilot program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. LEE: S. 2650. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to add definitions for the terms ‘‘common carrier’’ and ‘‘personal operator’’ , and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. L
EE): S. 2651. A bill to promote competition and help consumers save money by giving them the freedom to choose where they buy pre-scription pet medications, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. KEN-
NEDY , and Mrs. M URRAY ): S. 2652. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. C OONS ): S.J. Res. 58. A joint resolution to require certifications regarding actions by Saudi Arabia in Yemen, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 457. A resolution to authorize testi-mony and representation in Kuwait & Gulf Link Transport Co., et al. v. John Doe, et al. (Ct. of Common Pleas, Cumberland County, Pa.); considered and agreed to. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. Res. 458. A resolution designating April 11, 2018, as the ‘‘Sesquicentennial of Con-necticut’s Navy Installation’’; considered and agreed to. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Ms. S
TA-
BENOW , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. Res. 459. A resolution recognizing ‘‘Black Maternal Health Week’’ to bring na-tional attention to the maternal health care crisis in the Black community and the im-portance of reducing the rate of maternal mortality and morbidity among Black women; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting period for disability in-surance benefits under such title for in-dividuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 533 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 533, a bill to modernize the Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988. 
S. 1086 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1086, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to remove the prohibition on eligibility for TRICARE Reserve Select of members of the re-serve components of the Armed Forces who are eligible to enroll in a health benefits plan under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. 
S. 1533 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1533, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to cover physician services delivered by podiatric physicians to ensure access by Medicaid beneficiaries to appro-priate quality foot and ankle care, to amend title XVIII of such Act to mod-ify the requirements for diabetic shoes to be included under Medicare, and for other purposes. S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1890, a bill to improve the understanding of, and promote access to treatment for, chronic kidney dis-ease, and for other purposes. 
S. 1990 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1990, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the amounts payable by the Department of Veterans Affairs for dependency and in-demnity compensation, to modify the requirements for dependency and in-demnity compensation for survivors of certain veterans rated totally disabled at the time of death, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2060 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2060, a bill to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, and for other purposes. 
S. 2177 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2177, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to establish a minimum salary threshold for bona fide executive, administrative, and pro-fessional employees exempt from Fed-eral overtime compensation require-ments, and automatically update such threshold every 3 years. 
S. 2230 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2230, a bill to re-quire the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to improve serv-ices for survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking. 
S. 2260 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2260, a bill to establish and fund an Opioids and STOP Initiative to ex-pand, intensify, and coordinate funda-mental, translational, and clinical re-search of the National Institutes of Health with respect to opioid abuse, the understanding of pain, and the dis-covery and development of safer and more effective treatments and preven-tive interventions for pain. 
S. 2334 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Louisiana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP6.009 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2076 April 11, 2018 
(Mr. C ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2334, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide clarity with respect to, and to modernize, the licensing system for musical works under section 115 of that title, to en-sure fairness in the establishment of certain rates and fees under sections 114 and 115 of that title, and for other purposes. 
S. 2387 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2387, a bill to provide bet-ter care and outcomes for Americans living with Alzheimer’s disease and re-lated dementias and their caregivers while accelerating progress toward pre-vention strategies, disease modifying treatments, and, ultimately, a cure. 
S. 2586 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2586, a bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to increase the ability of a State to administer a per-mit program under that Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2587 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2587, a bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to establish a pro-gram to allow States to assume certain Federal responsibilities under that Act with respect to agency actions applica-ble to highway projects within the States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2588 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2588, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish a program to allow States to assume certain Federal responsibilities under that title with respect to agency actions applicable to highway projects within the States, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 57 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 57, a joint resolution providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection relating to ‘‘Indi-rect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 168, a resolution sup-porting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. S. RES. 286 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
UR-
PHY), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 286, a resolution supporting the role of the United States in ensur-ing children in the poorest countries have access to a quality education through the Global Partnership for Education. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 457—TO AU-THORIZE TESTIMONY AND REP-RESENTATION IN KUWAIT & GULF LINK TRANSPORT CO., ET AL. V. JOHN DOE, ET AL. (CT. OF COMMON PLEAS, CUMBERLAND COUNTY, PA.) Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 457 Whereas, in the case of Kuwait & Gulf Link Transport Co., et al. v. John Doe, et al. , Case No. 2012–1820–CIVIL TERM, pending in the Court of Common Pleas for Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, deposition testimony has been subpoenaed from Richard Goldberg, a former employee in the office of Senator Mark Kirk, relating to his official respon-sibilities; Whereas, by the privileges of the Senate of the United States and Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, no evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may, by the judicial or administrative proc-ess, be taken from such control or possession but by permission of the Senate; Whereas, pursuant to sections 703(a) and 704(a)(2) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, 2 U.S.C. §§288b(a) and 288c(a)(2), the Senate may direct its counsel to represent current and former employees of the Senate with respect to any subpoena, order, or re-quest for testimony relating to their official responsibilities; and Whereas, when it appears that evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may promote the administration of justice, the Senate will take such action as will promote the ends of justice consistent with the privileges of the Senate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That Richard Goldberg is author-ized to testify in the case of Kuwait & Gulf Link Transport Co., et al. v. John Doe, et al. , except concerning matters for which a privi-lege should be asserted. S
EC. 2. The Senate Legal Counsel is author-ized to represent Richard Goldberg in con-nection with the testimony authorized in section one of this resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and the distinguished Democratic leader, Mr. S
CHUMER , I send to the desk a resolution author-izing testimony and representation by the Senate Legal Counsel, and ask for its immediate consideration. Mr. President, this resolution con-cerns a civil case pending in the Court of Common Pleas for Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, in which de-fense contracting logistics firms based in Kuwait have sued competitor firms for defamation and tortious inter-ference for allegedly sending false emails to various U.S. government agencies harming the plaintiff compa-nies. The complaint asserts that in 2011 representatives of the defendants com-municated allegedly harmful allega-tions to a number of government agen-cies and officials, including an em-ployee in the office of then-Senator Mark Kirk. Senator Kirk forwarded the information for investigation by the Defense and Treasury Departments. The plaintiffs issued a subpoena seek-ing deposition testimony from the former Senate staffer about his com-munications with the defendants’ rep-resentatives about these allegations. Senator Kirk would like to cooperate by providing relevant and unprivileged staff testimony about these commu-nications. Accordingly, consistent with the rules of the Senate and Senate prac-tice, this resolution would authorize former Senator Kirk’s staffer to testify at a deposition. The resolution would also authorize the Senate Legal Coun-sel to represent Senator Kirk’s former employee in connection with his testi-mony. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 458—DESIG-NATING APRIL 11, 2018, AS THE ‘‘SESQUICENTENNIAL OF CON-NECTICUT’S NAVY INSTALLA-TION’’ Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 458 Whereas the Navy Installation of Con-necticut, regarded as Naval Submarine Base New London, had its beginning as a naval yard and storage depot on April 11, 1868; Whereas the people of Connecticut made the installation possible when a deed of gift from the State of Connecticut and city of New London was signed, conveyed, and pre-sented to Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles; Whereas the Navy Installation of Con-necticut was first used for laying up inactive ships, then for refueling small naval ships traveling through the waters of New Eng-land, and ultimately as the first submarine base of the United States Navy; Whereas October 18, 1915, marked the ar-rival at the Navy Installation of Connecticut of the submarines G–1, G–2, and G–4 under the care of the tender USS Ozark (Monitor No. 7), soon followed by the arrival of sub-marines E–1, D–1, and D–3 under the care of the tender USS Tonopah (Monitor No. 8), and on November 2, 1915, the arrival of the first ship built as a submarine tender, the USS Fulton (AS–1); Whereas, on June 21, 1916, Commander Yates Stirling, Jr., assumed the command of the newly designated Naval Submarine Base New London, the New London Submarine Flotilla, and the Submarine School; Whereas the property of Naval Submarine Base New London expanded during the course of the involvement of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP6.020 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2077 April 11, 2018 
States in World War I, with Congress approv-ing more than $1,000,000 for real estate and facilities expansion, which created 81 build-ings to support 1,400 men and 20 submarines by the end of World War I; Whereas the second largest expansion of Naval Submarine Base New London occurred during World War II when the submarine force exponentially grew in size, and the in-stallation enlarged from 112 acres to 497 acres to accommodate the thousands of per-sonnel that serviced the growing fleet; Whereas the nuclear power age following World War II ushered technological advance-ments in submarine development with the advent of nuclear powered submarines and the arrival of the USS Nautilus (SSN–571), the first nuclear powered vessel in the world, when it was commissioned in 1954 at Naval Submarine Base New London; Whereas the USS George Washington (SSBN–598), the first nuclear ballistic sub-marine of the United States Navy, created further changes at Naval Submarine Base New London when it was commissioned there in 1959; Whereas, in 2018, Naval Submarine Base New London extends along the east side of the Thames River, occupies approximately 687 acres, and houses more than 160 major fa-cilities and more than 15 nuclear sub-marines; Whereas Naval Submarine Base New Lon-don supports fleet readiness by providing quality service and facilities to its fleet, fighters, and families; Whereas the mission of Naval Submarine Base New London is— (1) to homeport and put submarines to sea; and (2) to support the Submarine Center of Ex-cellence, which trains submariners to take submarines to sea; Whereas nearly every submariner in the United States Navy will be stationed at Naval Submarine Base New London for training, with a potential tour of duty in one of the attack submarines homeported at the installation, or with a pre-commissioning unit for a new submarine under construction at General Dynamics Electric Boat Shipyard in Groton, Connecticut; Whereas Naval Submarine Base New Lon-don is home to more than 70 tenant com-mands and activities including— (1) the Undersea Warfighting Development Center; (2) the Submarine Learning Center; (3) the Naval Submarine School; (4) the Naval Submarine Medical Research Laboratory; and (5) the Naval Undersea Medical Institute; Whereas Naval Submarine Base New Lon-don is one of the largest employers in south-eastern Connecticut and employs more than 9,500 active duty, reserve, and civilian per-sonnel; and Whereas Naval Submarine Base New Lon-don will always be regarded as the first sub-marine base of the United States Navy and the home of the submarine force: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates April 11, 2018, as the ‘‘Sesqui-centennial of Connecticut’s Navy Installa-tion’’; (2) commends the longstanding dedication and contribution to the Navy by the people of Connecticut, both through the initial deed of gift that established the Navy Installation of Connecticut, and through their ongoing commitment to support the mission and peo-ple assigned to the installation, presently known as Naval Submarine Base New Lon-don; (3) honors the sailors and submariners who have trained and served at the Navy Installa-tion of Connecticut throughout its 150-year history in support of the naval and undersea superiority of the United States; (4) recognizes the indispensable role Naval Submarine Base New London plays in for-tifying the national security of the United States at a time when adversaries seek to challenge the United States; and (5) pledges continued support for the oper-ation of Naval Submarine Base New London for years to come. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 459—RECOG-NIZING ‘‘BLACK MATERNAL HEALTH WEEK’’ TO BRING NA-TIONAL ATTENTION TO THE MA-TERNAL HEALTH CARE CRISIS IN THE BLACK COMMUNITY AND THE IMPORTANCE OF REDUCING THE RATE OF MATERNAL MOR-TALITY AND MORBIDITY AMONG BLACK WOMEN Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Ms. S
TABE -
NOW, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. W AR-
REN, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 459 Whereas according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, Black mothers in the United States die at 3 to 4 times the rate of White mothers; Whereas Black women in the United States suffer from life-threatening pregnancy com-plications twice as often as White women; Whereas United States maternal mortality rates are the highest in the developed world and are increasing rapidly; Whereas the United States has the highest maternal mortality rate among affluent countries because of the disproportionate death rate of Black mothers; Whereas the premature delivery rate among Black women is 49 percent higher than the rate among all other women; Whereas Black women are twice as likely to suffer from severe maternal morbidity than White women; Whereas high rates of maternal mortality among Black women span across income and education levels, as well as socioeconomic status; Whereas racial disparities exist across in-come and education levels; Whereas structural racism, gender oppres-sion, and social determinants of health in-equities experienced by Black women in the United States significantly contribute to the disproportionately high rates of maternal mortality and morbidity among Black women; Whereas race and racism play an integral role in maternal health outcomes, care, and policy; Whereas fair distribution of resources, es-pecially with regard to reproductive health care services and maternal health program-ming, is critical to closing the maternal health racial disparity gap; and Whereas an investment must be made in Black women’s maternity care and in poli-cies that support and promote affordable, comprehensive, and holistic maternal health care that is free from gender and racial dis-crimination: Now, therefore, be it Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate recognizes— (1) that Black women are experiencing high, disproportionate rates of maternal mortality and morbidity in the United States; (2) that the alarmingly high rates of ma-ternal mortality among Black women is un-acceptable; (3) that Congress must work toward ensur-ing that the Black community has adequate housing, transportation equity, nutritious food, clean water, environments free from toxins, fair treatment within the criminal justice system, safety and freedom from vio-lence, a living wage, and equal economic op-portunity; (4) that in order to improve maternal health outcomes, Congress must fully sup-port and encourage policies grounded in the human rights framework that addresses Black maternal health inequity; (5) that Black women must be active par-ticipants in the policy decisions that impact their lives; (6) that ‘‘Black Maternal Health Week’’ is an opportunity to increase attention of the state of Black maternal health in the United States, amplify the voices of Black women and families, serve as a national platform for Black-women-led entities and efforts on ma-ternal health, and enhance community orga-nizing on Black maternal health; and (7) the significance of April 11 through 17, 2018, as ‘‘Black Maternal Health Week’’. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I have 14 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Sen-ate. They have the approval of the Ma-jority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10:15 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Kirsten Dawn Madison, of Florida, to be an As-sistant Secretary (International Nar-cotics and Law Enforcement Affairs), and Thomas J. Hushek, of Wisconsin, to be Ambassador to the Republic of South Sudan, both of the Department of State. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the fol-lowing nominations: Patrick Fuchs, of Wisconsin, and Michelle A. Schultz, of Pennsylvania, both to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board, De-partment of Transportation, and Re-becca Kelly Slaughter, of Maryland, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner. 
COMMITTEE HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , AND 
PENSIONS  
The Committee Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions is authorized to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP6.022 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2078 April 11, 2018 
meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing en-titled, ‘‘FEMA: Prioritizing a Culture of Preparedness.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s FY2019 budg-et Request for Indian Programs’’. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing on S. 1250 and S. 2515. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Mark Jer-emy Bennett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Cir-cuit, Nancy E. Brasel, and Eric C. Tostrud, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Min-nesota, Robert R. Summerhays, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, and Wendy Vitter, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hear-ing on the following nominations: Paul R. Lawrence, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Bene-fits, and Joseph L. Falvey, Jr., of Michigan, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. 
SUBCOMMITEE ON EMERGING THREATS AND  
CAPABILITIES  
The Subcommitee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities of the Com-mittee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITEE ON READINESS AND MANAGEMENT  
SUPPORT  
The Subcommitee on Readiness and Management Support of the Com-mittee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
The Subcommitee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, April 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to con-duct a hearing. SUBCOMMITEE ON INTERNATIONAL TRADE , 
CUSTOMS , AND GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS  
The Subcommitee on International Trade, Customs, and Global Competi-tiveness of the Committee on Finance is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Market Access Chal-lenges in China.’’ 
SUBCOMMITEE ON CRIME AND TERRORISM  
The Subcommitee on Crime and Ter-rorism of the Committee on the Judici-ary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Defeating Fentanyl: Addressing the Deadliest Drugs Fuel-ing the Opioid Crisis.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 5TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE DEATH OF OSWALDO PAYA SARDINAS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 357, S. Res. 224. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 224) recognizing the 5th anniversary of the death of Oswaldo Paya Sardinas, and commemorating his leg-acy and commitment to democratic values and principles. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment and an amendment to the preamble and an amendment to the title. (Strike all after the resolving clause and insert the part printed in italic.) (Strike the preamble and insert the part printed in italic.) 
Whereas Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as was born in Havana, Cuba, in 1952 and became a nonviolent critic of the communist government as a teen-ager, resulting in 3 years of imprisonment in 1969 at a work camp in Cuba, formerly known as ‘‘Isla de Pinos’’; Whereas, in 1988, Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as founded the Christian Liberation Movement that called for peaceful civil disobedience against the rule of the Communist Party of Cuba and advocated for civil liberties; Whereas, in 1992 and 1997, attempts by Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as to run as a candidate for the National Assembly of People’s Power were rejected by Cuban authorities; Whereas, in 1998, Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as and other leaders of the Christian Liberation Move-ment established the Varela Project in order to circulate a legal proposal to advocate for demo-cratic political reforms within Cuba, including the establishment of freedom of association, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, free elections, freedom to start private businesses, and amnesty for political prisoners; Whereas, in 2002, the Varela Project delivered a petition to the National Assembly of People’s Power with 11,020 signatures from Cuban citi-zens calling for a referendum on safeguarding basic freedoms, an end to one-party rule, and citing Article 88 of the Constitution of Cuba that allows Cuban citizens to propose laws if the pro-posal is made by at least 10,000 Cuban citizens who are eligible to vote; Whereas, in 2003, Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as re- delivered the petition to the National Assembly of People’s Power with an additional 14,000 sig-natures, establishing the biggest nonviolent campaign to oppose the Communist Party of Cuba; Whereas, in March 2003, the crackdown on Cuban dissidents by the Government of Cuba, referred to as the ‘‘Black Spring’’, led to the im-prisonment of 75 individuals, including 25 mem-bers of the Varela Project and 40 members of the Christian Liberation Movement, and the forma-tion of the Ladies in White movement by the wives of the imprisoned activists; Whereas, in 2007, Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as called on the National Assembly of People’s Power to grant amnesty to nonviolent political prisoners and to allow Cubans to travel freely without a government permit; Whereas, in 2009, Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as de- veloped a Call for the National Dialogue; Whereas petitions and calls by Oswaldo Paya ´ Sardin˜as to the National Assembly of People’s Power were repeatedly dismissed and disparaged by the Government of Cuba; Whereas Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as, his family, and friends endured years of harassment and intimidation for the peaceful political activism of Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as; Whereas Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as has been formally recognized in the past for his dedica-tion to the promotion of human rights and de-mocracy, including by receiving the Homo Homini Award in 1999, the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought in 2002, the W. Averell Harriman Democracy Award from the United States National Democratic Institute for Inter-national Affairs in 2003, and being nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize by Va´lclav Havel, the former President of the Czech Republic, in 2005; Whereas, on July 22, 2012, Oswaldo Paya ´ Sardin˜as and Harold Cepero, a fellow pro-de-mocracy activist, died in a troubling car crash in Granma Province, Cuba, after being followed by government agents; Whereas the Government of Cuba has failed to conduct a credible investigation into the car crash that led to the death of Oswaldo Paya ´ Sardin˜as; Whereas the trial and conviction of Angel Carromero, a youth leader of the People’s Party who was visiting Cuba and driving the car at the time of the crash, did not include testimony from key witnesses, and did not resolve ques-tions about whether another car was involved or whether Mr. Carromero was coerced by the Gov-ernment of Cuba into signing a false statement of guilt; Whereas, in 2012, the United States Senate unanimously passed Senate Resolution 525, 112th Congress, agreed to July 31, 2012, hon-oring the life and legacy of Oswaldo Paya ´ Sardin˜as; Whereas, in 2013, a number of United States Senators and the United States Department of State called for an impartial, third-party inves-tigation by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the Organization of American States into the circumstances surrounding the death of Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜
as; Whereas, in 2013, Angel Carromero spoke in detail during an interview with the Washington Post about being hit by another car during the crash, being mistreated and coerced by Cuban authorities following the crash, and being made the ‘‘scapegoat’’ by the Government of Cuba for the death of Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as; Whereas the dissidents of the ‘‘Black Spring’’ have been released from prison, but the Govern-ment of Cuba continues to suppress, assault, and detain those peacefully expressing political beliefs contrary to or critical of the regime; and Whereas the 2016 Human Rights Report on Cuba by the United States Department of State cited ongoing human rights abuses by the Gov-ernment of Cuba, namely ‘‘the abridgement of the ability of citizens to choose their govern-ment; the use of government threats, physical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11AP6.024 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2079 April 11, 2018 
assault, intimidation, and violent government- organized counter protests against peaceful dis-sent; and harassment and detentions to prevent free expression and peaceful assembly.’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes and commemorates the legacy of Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as on the 6th anniversary of his death on July 22, 2018; (2) honors the commitment of Oswaldo Paya ´ Sardin˜as to democratic values and principles; (3) calls on the Government of Cuba to allow an impartial, third-party investigation into the circumstances surrounding the death of Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as; (4) urges the United States to continue to sup-port policies and programs that promote respect for human rights and democratic principles in Cuba in a manner that is consistent with the as-pirations of the Cuban people; (5) urges the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the Organization of American States to continue reporting on human rights issues in Cuba, and to request a visit to Cuba in order to investigate the circumstances sur-rounding the death of Oswaldo Paya ´Sardin˜as; and (6) calls on the Government of Cuba to cease violating human rights and to begin providing democratic political freedoms to Cuban citizens, including freedom of association, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, free elections, free-dom to start private businesses, and amnesty for political prisoners. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment to the res-olution be agreed to, the resolution, as amended, be agreed to, the committee- reported amendment to the preamble be agreed to, the preamble, as amend-ed, be agreed to, the committee-re-ported amendment to the title be agreed to, and the motions to consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The resolution (S. Res. 224), as amended, was agreed to. The committee-reported amendment to the preamble in the nature of a sub-stitute was agreed to. The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The committee-reported title amend-ment was agreed to, as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A resolu-tion recognizing the 6th anniversary of the death of Oswaldo Paya´Sardin˜as, and com-memorating his legacy and commitment to democratic values and principles.’’. f 
AUTHORIZING TESTIMONY AND REPRESENTATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 457, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 457) to authorize tes-timony and representation in Kuwait & Gulf Link Transport Co., et al. v. John Doe, et al. (Ct. of Common Pleas, Cumberland County, Pa.) There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 457) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SESQUICENTENNIAL OF CONNECTI-CUT’S NAVY INSTALLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 458, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 458) designating April 11, 2018, as the ‘‘Sesquicentennial of Con-necticut’s Navy Installation.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 458) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
OHIO FIRST RESPONDER APPRECIATION WEEK Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I wish to talk tonight about the brave Ohio-ans who dedicate themselves every day to protecting all of the rest of us; that is, our first responders. This week is Ohio First Responders Week, a week of appreciation, the theme being ‘‘Bring-ing Help, Bringing Hope.’’ Well said. Police officers, firefighters, EMS pro-fessionals, and other first responders put themselves in harm’s way for us every single day. They risk their own safety to care for others. They wake up every day, put on their uniforms, and carry out their duties with an unwaver-ing commitment to their communities and a pledge to protect those around them. This morning, we had our weekly Buckeye Coffee. We had people from all over Ohio there. Sure enough, a bunch of first responders showed up. It was the EMS chiefs association, and we had an opportunity to talk with them about what they are doing every day. Of course, EMS help with regard to traffic accidents, gunshot wounds, and so on. But one of the new challenges they face that is taking an enormous amount of their time and effort is the opioid crisis. I would bet if you go to your firehouse and ask them, the first responders in our communities are re-sponding more to overdose runs than they are to fires. This is one example of where they are on the frontlines deal-ing with this issue and are applying Narcan, the miracle drug that reverses the effects of an overdose to save lives. We appreciate them, and the service and commitment of these first respond-ers is needed now more than ever. I urge all Ohioans this week to dem-onstrate their thanks to first respond-ers. If you live in a community that is having an event, which a number are, I hope you will attend the event. If not, if you cross paths with a first re-sponder, thank him, thank her, and tell them we appreciate what they are doing. I know I speak for the entire Buck-eye State when I say that we are grate-ful for the work our first responders do every single day, and they will con-tinue, as the theme says this year, to bring help and hope to all of us. We thank them. f 
STOP ENABLING SEX TRAFFICKERS ACT Mr. PORTMAN. On another topic, Mr. President, today is a big day in the fight against sex trafficking. I just got back a couple of hours ago from a meeting at the White House where the President of the United States signed legislation that we have been working on for several years to be able to push back against the sex traf-ficking that is occurring online. It was very emotional. We had a lot of sur-vivors, victims of sex trafficking, who were there. One of them was standing next to the President. When he signed the bill, he asked whether she wanted to say any-thing. Fighting back tears, Yvonne Ambrose said: I want to tell you about my daughter. She told the President about her 16- year-old daughter who was trafficked on backpage.com, a website that has most of the commercial sex traffic, and how she got a call on Christmas Eve a couple of years ago. Her daughter had been murdered. As she said, no mother 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP6.034 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2080 April 11, 2018 
should ever have to accept or take that call. She talked about how her daughter got dragged into this issue of traf-ficking and said that she hopes the leg-islation we passed will be able to save other daughters, other granddaughters, other Americans who otherwise would become part of the sex trafficking trag-edy we have seen unfold in our coun-try. This legislation came out of experi-ences we have all had when we go back home. We talk to victims and sur-vivors, and we have learned over the past several years that trafficking is actually on the increase in this coun-try, in this century. People think: Well, trafficking is going on, but it happens in Africa or it happens in Asia or it happens in Latin America. It hap-pens here. It probably happens in your community. Unfortunately, it happens in my State of Ohio way too fre-quently. Through our investigation and stud-ies of this, increasingly, we heard about online trafficking. Survivors have told me: R
OB, this has moved from the street corner to the smartphone. Groups, including the National Cen-ter for Missing and Exploited Children, showed that from 2005 to 2015 there was an 800-percent increase in reports of trafficking. All of the experts agree that there is an increase in trafficking, and all agree that most of this is at-tributable directly to one thing—the movement to the ruthless efficiency of online selling of women and children. One website in particular kept com-ing up—backpage.com, which I men-tioned earlier. So we launched an in-vestigation over a 2-year period in the Permanent Subcommittee on Inves-tigations, which I chair. We decided to dig deep and find out what was going on, why it was happening, and what the nature of this was. What we found was shocking. Senator C
LAIRE MCCASKILL of Mis-souri is the ranking member of the committee. She and I did this inves-tigation, together with our committee, and we issued the report together. It was bipartisan from the start. I would say it was even nonpartisan, and it is to this day. The investigation involved asking backpage.com for a lot of information that they were unwilling to give. We had to subpoena them, and they still refused to provide the information. We had to come to this Chamber, to the U.S. Senate, and get a vote of the en-tire Senate—the first time in 21 years we had to do this—to be able to enforce these subpoenas. Every Member of this body got engaged and involved in this, and by the end of the process, we had a unanimous vote from the Senate to say: Yes, you should be able to force people to provide relevant information to the committees that are doing over-sight, like ours. We got permission to enforce it, which meant potential criminal sanc-tions, and they still wouldn’t give us information. They fought us at the dis-trict level. They lost there. Then they fought us at the circuit level. We fought and won there. Then they fought us at the Supreme Court of the United States. We had to take it all the way to the Supreme Court. Then, yes, they did provide us with about a million documents. They still refused to testify. They took the Fifth. But they did provide us with the docu-ments because they had to under the threat of penalty of law. Through those documents, we found out something shocking, which was that not only were they selling women and girls online and making a lot of money doing it, but they were purposely selling under-age girls and trying to hide the fact that they were doing it. Think about that. They were not only selling girls and women online, but they were tak-ing ads for underage girls, knowing they were underage and running the ads anyway. In fact, they would go to the people who were trying to place the ads and say: You know what, you need to change this word. You can’t use the word ‘‘schoolgirl’’ because this indi-cates the girl is underage. You can’t use the word ‘‘cheerleader’’ because that shows that she is underage. You can’t use the word ‘‘Lolita,’’ which is a novel about a young girl being traf-ficked and an older man. You can’t use the description of the girl and put her age in there if she is underage, but they want your ad any-way. They edited the ads, so they were complicit in this. You would think a prosecutor would be able to go after these people, right? They are engaged in illegal activity on-line. If that activity were happening offline, on the street corner in your community, it would be illegal. When the prosecutors went after these people online and when the victims of traf-ficking, like the woman I talked about earlier whose 16-year-old daughter was murdered while she was being traf-ficked on backpage—when they went after backpage in that case, they were unsuccessful. Why? Because they said: Yes, Desiree died. Yes, Desiree would have a lawsuit here, as well as other women and families who came to tes-tify before us. Kubiiki Pride is one, and her daughter was there today. But there is a Federal law that says: We, the courts, can’t even take up this case because the Federal law provides an immunity, a shield, to these websites. Unbelievable. We had a court in Sacramento last year actually tell Congress, basically: Please change this law. They said: We can’t stop this exploitation—this al-leged exploitation of women and girls. We can’t stop it because Congress has passed a law that protects these websites. No one can go after them. The more we learned, the more we dug, the more we found out what was really going on, we determined that our report, which you can see here— and I encourage you to check out this report. You can find it online. ‘‘Backpage’’ is the search, and look on Portman.senate.gov. Go to Portman.senate.gov, and you will see this report, if you are interested in it. The summaries will help. What it says, basically, is that they are trafficking these individuals, and they know they are doing it. Yet they are immune. Once we determined that was our issue, we determined it was time for us to figure out legislation to actually change our Federal law that was per-mitting it. The culmination of that was today when the President of the United States signed that into law. For a couple of years, we had quite a legislative struggle because there were a lot of individuals who said: Well, you can’t touch these internet companies because of this law. The law was passed 21 years ago, at the infancy of the internet. It was well- intentioned, but I do not believe that any Member of this body intended, when they passed that law, to say that you should be able to traffic people on-line knowingly and not pay some con-sequence for it, not be accountable for it. We made a very narrow carve-out for trafficking of individuals online. We made sure that it was consistent with the Federal criminal law that was al-ready in place if you were to do it off-line. We ensured that there was a Good Samaritan provision so that if a website was in good faith trying to clean up its site and edit its site and get this information off of it, they would not be liable. That Good Samari-tan or safe harbor provision was in our legislation. We proceeded to get it passed. We had a lot of pushback, particu-larly from the tech community—not everybody in the tech community but certain people who believe strongly that this legislation was somehow a threat to internet freedom. I do not be-lieve that to this day. I believe it is targeted, it is responsible, and it cer-tainly is an issue on which you would think everybody would agree. Just because you are online does not mean you are not accountable and re-sponsible for selling people online— again, in the context of more and more trafficking in this country. As you look into it, you determine that is be-cause of this online presence, the ruth-less efficiency of the online selling of women and children. We were able to bring it to the floor for a vote after a committee process. We went through the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations. We went through the Commerce Committee. At the end of the day, we got a vote in this Chamber of 97 to 2. That rarely happens around here—rarely, if ever. Again, today, finally, the President signed the bill. It looks like it was easier to do at the end. I will tell you, a couple of years ago, we were told: This will never happen. You can’t make this happen. You can’t beat us. We have a lot of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.043 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2081 April 11, 2018 
power. We have a lot lobbyists. We have a lot of abilities to stop you in the committee. Yet, through persuasion and, frankly, through the personal testimony of vic-tims and survivors who were willing to come forward and courageously share their stories, we were able to prevail. Today, it was a victory—not for this body, not for the legislative process, but it was a victory for those victims and those survivors. One mom told me today: This means my granddaughter won’t have to worry about this issue. It means that when my kid goes to the mall, I don’t have to worry as much about what might happen, who might try to take her into this web of trafficking. My hope is that this legislation will be able to curb the online trafficking in a significant way. We are already seeing the results of that. I was told today, in fact, that websites that traf-ficked people online are shutting down all over America because they don’t want to be sued, because they are los-ing their immunity. It is not affecting the freedom of the internet, but it is affecting those evil websites that were engaged in criminal activity and hid-ing behind section 230 of the Commu-nications Decency Act. I am told that as many as 80 percent of those traf-ficking websites have shut down just in the last several days because they don’t want to be subject to these law-suits. We also had something else that was very interesting happen this week. The Department of Justice went after backpage.com. They actually indicted seven individuals. If you look at the in-dictment, which I have here—you can find this by going on the Justice De-partment website, I am sure; it is in the district court in Arizona—you will see that they named seven individuals. These are the same seven individuals we named in our report. They also used the information from our report about the fact that backpage was changing ads, editing ads. In other words, they were knowingly allowing ads about un-derage girls to be run because they wanted the profits. That is exactly what is talked about in this indict-ment. The work of the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations was very important because it enabled us to pro-vide to the Justice Department infor-mation they used for these indict-ments. We provided that information 10 months ago, and the indictments came out in the last several days. My hope is that now, because this law passed, we will see a lot more pros-ecutions because we have now allowed State prosecutors and attorneys gen-eral around the country and local pros-ecutors, district attorneys, and county prosecutors—who are the ones who ul-timately are going to be much more ef-fective and more able to go after this kind of activity—to do so. Backpage has been in existence for 14 years. Until this week, the Federal Justice Department had not made these indictments. It was great that they did it. It is also about time, in my view. Now we have this tool to allow other prosecutors to be more aggres-sive, to do what should have been done years ago—to save the lives of so many girls, women, and boys whose lives have been taken off track because of the trauma associated with this. We also now have the opportunity for the victims themselves to file lawsuits. This is already having a chilling ef-fect. In other words, it is already tak-ing down these websites that don’t want to be sued. They know our legis-lation—although very narrowly craft-ed—applies to them because they are knowingly involved in, supporting, as-sisting sex trafficking. I think this is a victory for the vic-tims, the survivors, and, maybe most importantly, the potential future vic-tims. It is also an opportunity for us to celebrate something that this Chamber accomplished in a bipartisan way, going through the right process, doing the research, coming up with the facts, narrowly crafting legislation that works, which doesn’t have a negative impact, but in fact, it helps to change behavior. We are already seeing it. My hope is that we will do more of that around here. We have many other issues to address. Earlier, we talked about the opioid crisis. Congress passed some good legislation, but we need to do more. We have an issue with getting people back to work who are in the shadows of our economy, some of whom have a fel-ony record, some of whom are addicted to opioids, some of whom don’t have the skills to engage in a modern econ-omy. That is a huge challenge. To me, it is unbelievable that we have so many people who are in our country but not in our labor force. Our labor force par-ticipation rate, as economists call it, is as low as it has ever been for men in the history of our country. There are probably 9 million men between 25 and 55 who are able-bodied and not working today. That is wrong. There are many issues we need to ad-dress. If we can do those studies in the same way and come up with sensible solutions based on research, based on good practices, keep it not just bipar-tisan but nonpartisan, and say: Let’s get the politics out of this, and let’s try to figure out how to help people— which is our job around here; that is what we were elected to do—maybe we can make progress in a number of dif-ferent areas. Today, at the signing ceremony for this legislation, the SESTA legislation, I had the opportunity to see a friend of mine, Theresa Flores, who runs a group called Save Our Adolescents From Prostitution, S.O.A.P. the reason she uses the acronym S.O.A.P. is that The-resa, who is a survivor—she was traf-ficked years ago and now has a passion for this issue. She calls her organiza-tion S.O.A.P. because she goes to major events around the country, sporting events, where there tend to be an in-crease in trafficking. What she does is she goes to the hotels and asks them to put a bar of soap in the bathroom. On that bar of soap, she has listed the na-tional hotline for sex trafficking. A girl can call that number and have someone come rescue her, and she can escape from her trafficker. That simple act of making these bars of soap and getting hotels to place them in these bathrooms has been re-markably effective. Think about it. These girls or women may have no other time where they have privacy, where they don’t have the trafficker with them, where they are not feeling under duress. When they have their pri-vate moment in the bathroom, they see the number. Many of them have called that number and have been able to es-cape this life and get back to a produc-tive life, with treatment, with support, with the kind of longer term recovery that is needed to get through the trau-ma, to get through, in many cases, the drug addiction. Drugs are involved in this, as you can imagine, as a way to make these women, girls, and boys de-pendent. In fact, in Ohio, unfortu-nately, that is a common practice, is that drugs are involved. Theresa Flores has done something incredible. She has channeled her frus-tration and all of the trauma she went through into something very construc-tive. She was there today, and her com-ment to me was that, by this act, by passing this law, we are going to save lives, and we are going to enable future generations to not go down the tragic and dark road she had to go down. That should make us feel good in this Cham-ber. It should make us feel good for those whose lives can be helped through this and for those victims to at least have the opportunity to have their day in court, to be able to seek justice. I thank the President of the United States for signing the legislation today. I thank Ivanka Trump in par-ticular for her support on the legisla-tion all along the way. I hope this leg-islation will be a model for others to come. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, APRIL 12, 2018 Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:15 a.m., Thursday, April 12; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Pizzella nomina-tion under the previous order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.044 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2082 April 11, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:15 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:54 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, April 12, 2018, at 9:15 a.m. CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate April 11, 2018: NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD  
JOHN F. RING, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING DECEMBER 16, 2022. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G11AP6.046 S11APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE429 April 11, 2018 
HONORING MR. JARED KING 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable young man, Jared John King who attained the Eagle Scout Award. Be-coming an Eagle Scout, the highest rank in the Boy Scouts, has only been accomplished by approximately four percent of all Boy Scouts. The process requires earning at least 21 merit badges which takes years to fulfill. At the age of 15 and a freshman in high school, Mr. King should be proud of his ac-complishment. Receiving his Eagle Scout rank demonstrates that he is a strong, dedicated, and proven leader. With this accomplishment, it is my hope he will continue to serve as a role model for younger boy scouts. Thank you to Mr. King for making a positive impact in northeast Iowa. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF U.S. NAVY SEAL RICHARD PAUL MELTON 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an American hero and one of Eastern Kentucky’s bravest sons, U.S. Navy SEAL Richard Paul Melton, in cele-bration of his retirement from a valiant 20-year military career. As a member of the nation’s elite Seal Team Six, Paul Melton has served as one of the United States’ highly trained experts in warfare, special reconnaissance, counterter-rorism and national defense. Our Navy SEALs are the most highly esteemed warriors around the world, known for their unmatched success in covert special operations by sea, air and land, displaying incredible dedication to our country with every mission and unmatched willpower in enemy territory. Our nation owes this Navy SEAL and his family a great debt of gratitude for their com-bined sacrifice during his brave service over the last two decades. He has served five tours in Afghanistan, as well as tours in the Arabian Peninsula, the Horn of Africa and the greater Middle East. While we may never know the gravity of his classified missions and the immi-nent danger he faced in areas infiltrated with some of the world’s most brutal terrorists, let us never fail to applaud and recognize his un-dying determination to defend our freedom and protect our allied nations. Senior Chief Petty Officer Paul Melton is decorated with some of the highest honors be-stowed upon any member of the U.S. Armed Forces, including: five Bronze Star Medals with Combat V, a Purple Heart, a Joint Serv-ice Commendation Medal with Combat V, a Combat Action Ribbon, two Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medals, three Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medals, two Presi-dential Unit Citations, a Meritorious Unit Com-mendation Medal, the Navy E Ribbon, six Navy Good Conduct Medals, a National De-fense Medal, an Afghanistan Campaign Medal, a Sea Service Deployment Medal, a Navy Rifle Expert Medal and a Navy Pistol Ex-pert Medal. I count it an immense honor to celebrate this true American patriot upon his retirement from the United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group—SEAL Team Six. The people of Leslie County and all of Kentucky are incredibly proud of our hometown hero, Richard Paul Melton. f 
HUGH BRITTENHAM 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Hugh Brittenham, a fine young man from Estero High School. At the FSU relays, Hugh was able to both break his already national record setting 800-meter event time, and snag an-other national record for the 1,600-meter event. I congratulate Hugh for his exceptional com-mitment to the Estero running program. I also extend my congratulations to Hugh’s family, Estero running coaches Mike Bumpus, Ben Pignatone, Leigh Williamson, Brian Olitsky and the late former athletic director Jeff Sommer, who made the Estero running program into what it is today. 
f 
HONORING STANLEY DAVIS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a talented and driven man Mr. Stanley Davis. Mr. Davis has shown what can be done through tenacity, dedication and a desire to serve his community while having a successful career. Stanley was born and raised in the Brick-yard Hill community in Yazoo City, along with his mother and eight siblings. He attended school in Yazoo City at Main Street Elemen-tary, and Yazoo City Junior High, before grad-uating from Yazoo City High School in 1986. Stanley Davis, the manager at 49 Exxon Fuelmart on Jerry Clower Boulevard in Yazoo City, is known for making every customer feel important. Over the years, the name of the convenience store changed. It is still com-monly referred to as Mayfield’s or Texaco by many Yazoo residents. When the store owner-ship changed hands ten years ago, from Les Mayfield to Jared Mayfield, Stanley was made the store manager because of his increasing dedication to the customers. Stanley’s aim is to make sure that all cus-tomers feel important and that they can get everything they need in one place, from gaso-line and propane, snacks and drinks, and sim-ple automotive essentials, to pizza and even hunting and fishing supplies. Stanley is a husband and a father, and strives to instill hard work in the lives of his children. His advice to those who want a ca-reer in business management is to stay in school, read more, and always ask questions if you don’t know something. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Stanley Davis for his desire to make a difference in his community. f 
HONORING THE LIVES AND SERV-ICE OF ELWOOD, INDIANA FIRE-FIGHTERS KYLE HIBST AND DAVID WITTKAMPER 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to honor the lives of two outstanding public servants, Madison County volunteer firefighters Kyle Hibst and David Wittkamper who lost their lives in a plane crash on April 2, 2018. Kyle and David both were active members in their community and served as volunteer firefighters with the Pipe Creek Township. The Pipe Creek Township Volunteer Fire Department was established in 1960 and is lo-cated in Elwood, Indiana. The department is all-volunteer and provides fire and rescue pro-tection to more than 4,000 residents of Pipe Creek Township. As volunteer firefighters, Kyle and David donated their time to provide emergency services for Pipe Creek Township. Being a volunteer firefighter is not for the faint of heart. Those who answer the call of duty are motivated by a sense of pride in their community. The dedication and service of vol-unteer firefighters across Indiana is essential to the safety of our communities. A life-long Hoosier, Kyle graduated from Elwood Community High School in 2005 and began a career in public service in 2011, when he joined the Pipe Creek Township Vol-unteer Fire Department. In addition to his work at the fire department, Kyle was the owner of Anytime Fitness in Elwood and also an area field manager for U-Haul. Kyle and his wife Kimberley, were married for four years. Kyle was a beloved husband and a devoted father who enjoyed spending time outdoors with his son, Grayson, and watching Notre Dame Foot-ball. In addition to his wife and son, Kyle is survived by his parents; Frederick and Re-becca Hibst; his two sisters, Kirsten Hibst and Kacie Johns, and many other loving family members. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11AP8.001 E11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE430 April 11, 2018 
Raised in a family of public servants, David followed the legacy of his father and grand-father by becoming a firefighter in the same department where they had both served. David graduated from Indiana Christian Acad-emy, in Anderson, and joined the Pipe Creek Township Volunteer Fire Department in May 2007, serving selflessly for 11 years. David was even training to become an EMT to ex-pand his role within his community. When David wasn’t volunteering, he worked as a fork lift operator at Red Gold in Elwood. David and his wife Autumn were married for 5 years; she was his soulmate. In addition to his wife, David is survived by his parents, Melvin and Darlene Wittkamper; sister, Megan (husband Chad) Welsh; brother, Devin Wittkamper, and many other loving family members. Kyle and David will be forever missed by their families as well as their colleagues and friends in Elwood and at the Pipe Creek Township Volunteer Fire Department. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District are grateful for Kyle’s and David’s service to our Hoosier community and it is my privilege to honor them today. On behalf of all Hoo-siers, I would like to recognize Kyle and David for their impact and service to our community. I extend my deepest condolences to Kyle and David’s families, the Pipe Creek Township Volunteer Fire Department, their friends, and their fellow volunteer firefighters who mourn their loss. My thoughts and prayers are with them. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes on Tuesday, April 10, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call votes 130 and 131, and voted Nay on Roll Call vote 132. 
f 
RETIREMENT OF ROBERT M. LIGHTFOOT, JR. ACTING ADMIN-ISTRATOR, NASA 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the career of an outstanding civil servant who has dedicated his professional life to furthering our nation’s goals in space exploration at the National Aer-onautics and Space Administration. Robert M. Lightfoot, Jr., Acting Administrator of NASA will retire on April 20, 2018 after 29 years of service at NASA. Mr. Lightfoot’s NASA career, which began in 1989 as a test engineer and program manager for the space shuttle engine technology testbed program at the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama, is marked by numerous leadership roles, including as: as-sistant associate administrator for the Space Shuttle Program at NASA Headquarters from 2003 to 2005 where he worked on space shut-tle Return to Flight activities following the loss of Space Shuttle Columbia and her crew in 2003; deputy director of the Marshall Space Flight Center from 2007 to 2009, and director of the Marshall Space Flight Center from 2009 to 2012. In 2012, Mr. Lightfoot, became associate administrator of NASA, the highest ranking civil servant position in the agency. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2017, following the departure of NASA Administrator Charles Bolden at the end of the Obama Administra-tion, Mr. Lightfoot became the Acting Adminis-trator of NASA. Since the date he assumed the Acting Ad-ministrator role, Mr. Lightfoot has led NASA through the transition to the current Adminis-tration, through the Fiscal Year 2018 and Fis-cal Year 2019 budget submissions, through Congressional budget hearings, and through the reestablishment of the National Space Council and NASA’s participation therein. Perhaps, most importantly, Mr. Lightfoot has provided steadfast leadership of NASA’s pro-grams, including the development of the Space Launch System and Orion crew vehi-cle, the commercial crew program that will re-establish U.S. human spaceflight capability to low-Earth orbit, the development of the James Webb Space Telescope and Mars 2020 flag-ship science projects, the commencement of the aeronautics x-plane project, and the con-tinued advancements in space technologies that will enable future NASA missions. The nation is fortunate to have had such a committed, experienced, and technically- knowledgeable leader at the helm of NASA for what has become the longest Acting Adminis-trator period in the agency’s history. Mr. Speaker, it is not surprising that Robert Lightfoot has received numerous prestigious awards and accolades for his service to NASA, engineering, and civil space, including the Presidential Rank Award for Distinguished Executives, the highest honor for Federal gov-ernment work. However, like the NASA work-force he leads, Mr. Lightfoot never forgets that he is part of a team. In an interview with NASA Tech Briefs in May, 2010, Mr. Lightfoot said, ‘‘Spaceflight is very much a team sport, and being part of these teams, whether it was running engine tests, whether it was return to flight, whether it’s working through problems associated with anything we’re working on, if I can do that, that’s what an engineer does. But you rarely do it by yourself. I have been very fortunate to be part of some tremendous teams, and the higher up I’ve moved, there are still teams there . . . they’re just different.’’ For his excellence in engineering contribu-tions to NASA, for his 29 years of dedication to furthering the nation’s goals in civil space, and for his outstanding leadership of NASA through an extended period as Acting Admin-istrator, I extend my deepest thanks and ap-preciation, and send my best wishes to Robert M. Lightfoot, Jr. as he retires from Federal government service and embarks on the next chapter of his life. CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize 13 high school students who were cho-sen by the National Academy of Future Physi-cians and Medical Scientists to represent the State of Colorado as Delegates at the Con-gress of Future Medical Leaders. These stu-dents are Madeline Brummet, Joslyn Burnett, Dalton Duncan, Bergen Evans, Devyn Kincade, Jack Lewis, Caitlyn Lutters, Owen Richardson, Giovanna Rubio, Dallas Snow, Kimberlee Sukle, Aleigh Trimble, and Jordan Wieck. The Congress is an honors-only program for top students in our country who aspire to be physicians or medical scientists. These stu-dents are nominated by their teachers or the Academy based on their leadership ability, academic achievement, and dedication. This program is designed to inspire young people to go into medical research fields or be physi-cians, and provides a path, plan, and men-toring resources to help them reach their goal. During the Congress, the students will have the chance to learn from leaders in the med-ical field as well as government officials, top medical school deans, leaders from the private sector, and even Nobel laureates. These students’ acceptance to this pres-tigious program is an incredible feat, and it is my honor to rise today and recognize the out-standing accomplishment of this future leader. Our nation greatly benefits from the achieve-ments of physicians and medical scientists, and it is important that we continue to inspire younger generations to pursue careers in the medical field. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I extend my con-gratulations to these students and wish them the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
SERGEANT GONZALEZ 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sergeant Sammy Gonzalez. A Lee County Sheriff’s Of-fice deputy since 2007, he has made an in-credible commitment to run from their head-quarters in Fort Myers to the Fallen Officer Memorial in Tallahassee, Florida. This effort, a run of approximately 400 miles, is being made on behalf of family mem-bers left behind following the on-duty death of a law enforcement officer. Sergeant Gonzalez is raising funds and awareness for Concerns of Police Survivors (C.O.P.S.), a not-for-profit organization that assists the families of fallen officers. C.O.P.S. pays for counseling, sum-mer camp, and other programs for family members of officers killed in the line of duty. This nine-day run, which the Sergeant refers to as the ‘‘Run for the Fallen,’’ will require Gonzalez to cover approximately 45 miles each day. The venture, in its entirety, equates 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11AP8.002 E11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE431 April 11, 2018 
to the completion of over 15 consecutive mar-athons. Good luck and Godspeed. 
f 
HONORING RONALD LOUTHERBACK 
HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, Corona Del Mar resident Ronald Loutherback passed on April 5, 2018 from heart failure. Ron was a deeply religious person, a kind and outgoing man who was an American patriot to the core and actively supported conservative events. He leaves his wife Therese Loutherback, chil-dren Lonnie and Debra, three grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. Ron is best known for being the founder and president of THE WINE CLUB, premium discount wine re-tail stores that earned the honor by Southern Wine and Spirits magazine as being the best premier wine shops in the United States. His shops were located in Santa Ana, San Fran-cisco, and Santa Clara since 1985, and were sold in 2000. Ron had belonged to the Sunny Hills Tennis Club, the Newport Beach Tennis Club, and the Santa Ana Country Club. He lived life to the fullest and was loved by all. He will be truly missed. 
f 
HONORING MR. JORDAN M
CGAUGHEY ON RECEIVING THE MILKEN EDUCATOR AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Jordan McGaughey on re-ceiving the Milken Educator Award. This award was established in 1987 by the Milken Family Foundation to attract, retain, and motivate the finest teaching talent to con-tinue the good work of molding young minds. The Milken Educator Award has been hailed as the ‘‘Oscars of Teaching’’ and provides public recognition and financial rewards to those who have the honor of receiving the award. Jordan earned his bachelor’s degree in His-tory in 2007 and his master’s in Education in 2008 from Truman State University. He now teaches American government classes at Seckman High School in Imperial, Missouri where he has shown outstanding commitment to his students, fellow educators, and the com-munity. His classes stress the importance of valuing diversity, debating hot topics, and using critical thinking to formulate a personal opinion. Students have the opportunity to be-come more involved in the legislative process when they write their legislators, and in one particular lesson, they develop, present, dis-cuss, and vote on ‘‘new’’ constitutional amend-ments. Jordan’s students consistently perform above district and state averages and many have gone on to careers in government and education. To foster an enjoyable learning environ-ment, Jordan uses numerous teaching styles. By rotating between cooperative learning ac-tivities, collaborative inquiry-based learning, and traditional lectures, he is able to engage and interact with students effectively. As a Google Certified Educator, he also incor-porates Google Classroom, Socrative, and Kaboot technology into his lessons. These education tools create other avenues for stu-dents to learn skills that will positively impact their future career choices. In this age of so-cial media, Jordan also utilizes live debates on Twitter to engage students during events like the State of the Union. In addition to his successful career in the classroom, Jordan serves on the district’s pro-fessional development team and on the Amer-ican Government curriculum committee. He also mentors student teachers and serves as an instructional coach, giving future teachers the opportunity to learn from someone who is motivated, passionate, and driven. Lastly, Jor-dan serves the community even further as a member of the Missouri Council for Social Studies and the St. Louis Teacher Academy. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recog-nizing Mr. Jordan McGaughey on this great honor. f 
RECOGNIZING THE NORTHEAST IN-DIANA BASE COMMUNITY COUN-CIL 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Northeast Indiana Base Community Council and its annual Race for the Warrior. Across eleven counties in north-east Indiana, the NIBCC is working with over 30 community groups, making my district one of America’s most engaged regions when it comes to supporting our military. The Race for the Warrior is the hallmark for the NIBCC. In its fourth year, proceeds from the event raise funds for the NIBCC Military Support Fund. This fund provides one-time grants to local military members for emer-gency relief, as well as other military and vet-erans support programs. I am proud of the work the NIBCC does on behalf of our active duty servicemembers, vet-erans, and their families in my district. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL STOP THE BLEED DAY 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, the ability to recognize and effectively assist life- threatening bleeding in someone can save a life. On March 31, 2018, the country came to-gether to recognize National Stop the Bleed Day. Stop the Bleed is a program that is of-fered by the American College of Surgeons to teach people how to become an immediate re-sponder to victims suffering from uncontrolled bleeding by using direct pressure, gauze and bandages, and tourniquets. Each year, more than 180,000 people die from traumatic injuries sustained as a result of events including vehicle crashes, falls, indus-trial and farm accidents, shootings, and nat-ural disasters. The most common preventable cause of these deaths is a victim losing too much blood in the mere minutes before trained responders arrive. Just like CPR train-ing, being able to recognize and care for a traumatic injury can prevent victims from bleeding out. I was among the 126,000 that were trained last year on how to Stop the Bleed and I hope to inspire others to join me in supporting this program. I urge my colleagues to join me and rise in support of National Stop the Bleed day and help to end the loss of life from uncontrolled bleeding by getting trained to Stop the Bleed. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, on April 10, I missed Roll Call votes No. 130 and 131. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call 130 related to the End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2018, and YEA on Roll Call 131 relating to the Combat Online Predators Act. 
f 
HONORING THE 2017 FELLOWS OF THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF IN-VENTORS 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 155 inventors who will soon be in-ducted as the 2017 Fellows of the National Academy of Inventors (NAI). To be named as Fellows, these men and women were nomi-nated by their peers and underwent the scru-tiny of the NAI Selection Committee, having had their innovations deemed as making a significant impact on quality of life, economic development, and welfare of society. Their in-duction ceremony here in the nation’s capital will feature a keynote address by U.S. Com-missioner for Patents, Andrew Hirshfeld. Collectively, this elite group holds nearly 6,000 patents. The individuals making up this year’s class of Fellows include individuals from 124 research universities and non-prof it re-search institutes spanning the United States and the world. The group of Fellows, now 912 in total, is composed of more than 100 presi-dents and senior leaders of research univer-sities and non-prof it research institutes, 439 members of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine; twenty- eight inductees of the National Inventors Hall of Fame, fifty-two recipients of the U.S. Na-tional Medal of Technology and Innovation and U.S. National Medal of Science; twenty- nine Nobel Laureates; 261 AAAS Fellows; 168 IEEE Fellows; and 142 Fellows of the Amer-ican Academy of Arts & Sciences, among other awards and distinctions. The NAI was founded in 2010 to recognize and encourage inventors with patents issued from the U.S. Patent and Trademark of fice, enhance the visibility of academic technology and innova-tion, encourage the disclosure of intellectual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11AP8.004 E11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE432 April 11, 2018 
property, educate and mentor innovative stu-dents, and translate the inventions of its mem-bers to benefit society. All Americans are greatly indebted to innovators such as these for contributions to our country and the world through their work. I commend these individuals, as well as the organizations and taxpayers that make their work possible, for all they do to revolutionize the world in which we live. I hope attention brought to this round of inductions will encour-age future generations to strive to meet this high honor and continue the spirit of discovery and innovation. The 2017 NAI Fellows include: Samuel I. Achilefu, Washington University in St. Louis; Dereje Agonafer, The University of Texas at Arlington; Mark G. Allen, University of Pennsylvania; James P. Allison, The Uni-versity of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center; Hiroshi Amano, Nagoya University; Richard R. Anderson, Massachusetts General Hospital; Leif Andersson, Texas A&M University and Uppsala University; J. Roger P. Angel, The University of Arizona; Diran Apelian, Worces-ter Polytechnic Institute; Plamen B. Atanassov, The University of New Mexico; Craig H. Ben-son, University of Virginia; Cory J. Berkland, The University of Kansas; Vijayakumar Bhagavatula, Carnegie Mellon University; David J. Bishop, Boston University; Donald L. Bitzer, North Carolina State University; Randy D. Blakely, Florida Atlantic University; Helen M. Blau, Stanford University; Timothy M. Block, Baruch S. Blumberg Institute; Daniel J. Blumenthal, University of California, Santa Barbara; Susmita Bose, Washington State University; Steven T. Boyce, University of Cin-cinnati; Edward S. Boyden, Massachusetts In-stitute of Technology; Anthony B. Brennan, University of Florida; Carrie L. Byington, Texas A&M University; Marvin H. Caruthers, Univer-sity of Colorado Boulder; Dennis S. Charney, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai; Yang-Tse Cheng, University of Kentucky; Yet Ming Chiang, Massachusetts Institute of Tech-nology; Joanne Chory, Salk Institute for Bio-logical Studies; Mooi Choo Chuah, Lehigh University; David E. Clemmer, Indiana Univer-sity; Geof frey W. Coates, Cornell University; Stanley N. Cohen, Stanford University; James E. Crowe Jr., Vanderbilt University Medical Center; Pieter Cullis, The University of British Columbia; Mari Dezawa, Tohoku University; William L. Ditto, North Carolina State Univer-sity; Prabir K. Dutta, The Ohio State Univer-sity; Jack A. Elias, Brown University; Zhigang Z. Fang, The University of Utah; Tim A. Fischell, Michigan State University and West-ern Michigan University; Paul B. Fisher, Vir-ginia Commonwealth University; Edward P. Furlani, University at Buffalo, SUNY; Guangping Gao, University of Massachusetts Medical School; Suresh V. Garimella, Purdue University; Bruce E. Gnade, Southern Meth-odist University; Lawrence Gold, University of Colorado Boulder; Sheila A. Grant, University of Missouri, Columbia; Mark A. Griswold, Case Western Reserve University; Horng-Jyh Harn, Hualien Tzu Chi Hospital; Robert W. Heath, Jr., The University of Texas at Austin; Walter Brown Herbst, Northwestern University; Mark C. Hersam, Northwestern University; David M. Holtzman, Washington University in St. Louis; Ming Hsieh, University of Southern California; Ian W. Hunter, Massachusetts Institute of Technology; Mikko Hupa, A˚bo Akademi Uni-versity; Oliver C. Ibe, University of Massachu-setts, Lowell; Eric D. Isaacs, The University of Chicago; Subramanian S. Iyer, University of California, Los Angeles; Joseph A. Izatt, Duke University; William R. Jacobs Jr., Albert Ein-stein College of Medicine; Rakesh K. Jain, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard University; Stephen Albert Johnston, Arizona State University; Ranu Jung, Florida Inter-national University; Brian L. Justus, U.S. Naval Research Laboratory; Alexander V. Kabanov, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Aravinda Kar, University of Central Flor-ida; Kazunori Kataoka, The University of Tokyo; Howard E. Katz, Johns Hopkins Uni-versity; Arie E. Kaufman, Stony Brook Univer-sity, SUNY; Donald B. Keck, University of South Florida; Jeffery W. Kelly, The Scripps Research Institute; David V. Kerns Jr., Olin College of Engineering; Robert S. Keynton, University of Louisville; Dennis K. Killinger, University of South Florida; Kwang J. Kim, University of Nevada, Las Vegas; Wayne H. Knox, University of Rochester; Philip T. Kortum, Rice University; Philip T. Krein, Uni-versity of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign; John J. La Scala, U.S. Army Research Laboratory; Jonathan J. Langberg, Emory University; Sang Yup Lee, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology; Fred C. Lee, Virginia Tech; Eric C. Leuthardt, Washington University in St. Louis; Nathan S. Lewis, California Institute of Technology; Tsu-Jae King Liu, University of California, Berkeley; Chih-Yuan Lu, National Taiwan University; Zhenqiang Ma, University of Wisconsin-Madison; Michele Marcolongo, Drexel University; Laura Marcu, University of California, Davis; R. Kenneth Marcus, Clemson University; Gary S. Margules, Nova Southeastern University; Mary Helen McCay, Florida Institute of Technology; Kishor C. Mehta, Texas Tech University; Deirdre R. Meldrum, Arizona State University; Bhubaneswar Mishra, New York University; Gregory Moller, University of Idaho; Clayton Daniel Mote, Jr., University of Maryland; Shouleh Nikzad, NASA Jet Propulsion Labora-tory; John R. Nottingham, Case Western Re-serve University and Cleveland Clinic; Mariappan P. Paranthaman, Oak Ridge Na-tional Laboratory; Christopher R. Parish, The Australian National University; Peter L.T. Pirolli, Florida Institute for Human and Ma-chine Cognition; Daniel A. Portnoy, University of California, Berkeley; Dennis W. Prather, University of Delaware; Paul R. Prucnal, Princeton University; Nirmala Ramanujam, Duke University; Jennifer L. Rexford, Prince-ton University; Kenner C. Rice, National Insti-tutes of Health; Camillo Ricordi, University of Miami; Gabriel Alfonso Rincon-Mora, Georgia Institute of Technology; Bruce R. Rosen, Mas-sachusetts General Hospital; Barbara O. Rothbaum, Emory University; Jonathan M. Rothberg, Yale University; Max F. Rothschild, Iowa State University; Clinton T. Rubin, Stony Brook University, SUNY; Shelly Sakiyama-El-bert, The University of Texas at Austin; Henry Samueli, University of California, Los Angeles and University of California, Irvine; Ulrich S. Schubert, Friedrich-Schiller-University Jena; Paul A. Seib, Kansas State University; Ter-rence J. Sejnowski, Salk Institute for Biological Studies; Mohammad Shahidehpour, Illinois In-stitute of Technology; Yun-Qing Shi, New Jer-sey Institute of Technology; Subhash L. Shinde, University of Notre Dame; Richard W. Siegel, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute; Krishna P. Singh, University of Pennsylvania; Hyongsok T. Soh, Stanford University; Steven L. Stice, University of Georgia; Steven L. Suib, University of Connecticut; Russell H. Taylor, Johns Hopkins University; Jeffrey A. Toretsky, Georgetown University; Rocky S. Tuan, Uni-versity of Pittsburgh and The Chinese Univer-sity of Hong Kong; Robert Vince, University of Minnesota; Andrew J. Viterbi, University of Southern California; Tuan Vo-Dinh, Duke Uni-versity; Scott A. Waldman, Thomas Jefferson University; Thomas A. Waldmann, National Cancer Institute; Peter Walter, University of California, San Francisco; Fei Wang, Univer-sity of Tennessee, Knoxville; Scott C. Weaver, The University of Texas Medical Branch; Thomas J. Webster, Northeastern University; Chin-Long Wey, National Chiao Tung Univer-sity; Lorne Whitehead, The University of Brit-ish Columbia; Cheryl L. Willman, The Univer-sity of New Mexico; Alan N. Willson, Jr., Uni-versity of California, Los Angeles; Teresa K. Woodruff, Northwestern University; Amy E. Wright, Florida Atlantic University; Eli Yablonovitch, University of California, Berke-ley; Paul Yager, University of Washington; Jackie Y. Ying, Institute of Bioengineering and Nanotechnology; Bin Yu, SUNY Polytechnic Institute; Mona E. Zaghloul, The George Washington University; Zeev Zalevsky, Bar- Ilan University; Lynn Zechiedrich, Baylor Col-lege of Medicine. I hope my colleagues will join me in con-gratulating these new NAI Fellows. 
f 
HONORING CAROL JOHNSON- BURGER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Carol Johnson-Burger who was named the first woman and African American President and CEO of United Way of the Cap-ital Area in Jackson, Mississippi in July, 1995. Born in Jefferson Davis County, Mississippi, she graduated from Tougaloo College and was very involved in the Civil Rights Move-ment in Mississippi, having the opportunity to meet and work with Medgar Evers and Dr. Martin Luther King. Carol was the first Black teacher to integrate the public schools in Pearl River County, Mississippi, one of the most rac-ist counties in Mississippi at the time. Carol is active in her community and on the national and international levels with United Way Worldwide. She has served on many boards including co-chairing with former Gov-ernor William Winter, the process that created a strategic plan for the City of Jackson and as vice chair of the Secretary of the State’s Non-profit and Charities Laws study group. She is a founding member of the Central Mississippi Chapter of 100 Black Women and the Mis-sissippi Chapter of the International Women Forum. She serves on the Executive Com-mittee of the National Professional Council for United Way Worldwide and as a mentor to United Way Professionals in South Africa. She is the recipient of many awards but her greatest joy is being ‘‘Grammie’’ to her grandkids Nicholas and Logan. She, her son Marcus and the grandkids are active members of Anderson United Methodist Church. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11AP8.009 E11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE433 April 11, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Carol Johnson-Burger for her dedication to serving others. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call 130, Yea on Roll Call 131, and Yea on Roll Call 132. 
f 
NATIONAL LAWN CARE MONTH 
HON. ANDY HARRIS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. HARRIS. Mr Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to recognize April as national lawn care month. The landscape in-dustry employs nearly 1 million workers and contributes annual revenue of $78 billion to our nation’s economy. From the National Mall to an opening day outfield and even in our own front and back yards, images of beautiful lawns are iconic depictions of American cul-ture and the American dream. As we recognize these images, we must also recognize the work that goes into the up-keep of such lawns. Landscape and lawn care professionals play a vital role in ensuring that lawns are not only maintained but also healthy. Healthy grass and turf deliver essen-tial benefits to families, communities, and the environment. Healthy lawns offer protection against dis-ease carrying insects. They provide oxygen, protect our waterways, and clean the air. They are the backdrop for important life memories such as first steps, athletic accomplishments, and gatherings for friends and families. Healthy lawns are important parts of our com-munities. 
f 
CONGRESS OF FUTURE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY LEADERS 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize 9 high school students who were cho-sen by the National Academy of Future Sci-entists and Technologists to represent the State of Colorado as Delegates at the Con-gress of Future Science and Technology Leaders. The students are Daniela Arenas Berenste, Carter Brand, Benjamin Davis, Eve-lyn Esparza, Denita Guimaraes-Paez, Amanda Rees, Yoselin Thompson, Alex Truitt, and Christopher Zavakos. The Congress is an honors-only program for top students in our country who aspire to work in science, technology, engineering, or math (STEM) fields. These students are nominated by their teachers or the Academy based on their leadership ability, academic achievement, and dedication. This program is designed to inspire young people to go into STEM fields and provides a path, plan, and mentoring re-sources to help them reach their dreams. Dur-ing the Congress, the students will have the chance to learn from luminaries of the STEM field including top scientific university deans, leaders from government and the private sec-tor, and even Nobel laureates. These students’ acceptance to this pres-tigious program is an incredible feat, and it is my honor to rise today and recognize the out-standing accomplishment of this future leader. Our nation greatly benefits from the achieve-ments of scientists and technologists, and it is important that we continue to inspire younger generations to pursue careers in the STEM fields. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I extend my con-gratulations to these students and wish them the best in their future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF CLARK COUNTY MU-SEUM 
HON. JACKY ROSEN 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 50th anniversary of the oldest and largest museum in the Las Vegas Valley. On April 20, 2018, the Clark County Mu-seum will celebrate 50 years of engaging visi-tors, and creating a deeper understanding and enjoyment of history and culture. The first public museum in the Las Vegas Valley, in the last fifty years the Clark County Museum has moved, changed names, and be-come a pre-eminent location for learning about the history of Southern Nevada. It now has a collection of more than 1 million artifacts, and has become a true reflection of the story of Southern Nevadans. I am a proud supporter of the important work museums are doing in our districts. That is why I requested robust funding for the Insti-tute of Museum and Library Services’ (IMLS) Office of Museum Services (OMS) from House appropriators and was pleased to see it in-cluded in this year’s spending package. I want to congratulate the Clark County Mu-seum on reaching this impressive milestone. Thank the museum staff and supporters for their contributions to help preserve Southern Nevada’s history and culture, and I look for-ward to seeing all that they accomplish in the next 50 years. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HIGHLAND HIGH SCHOOL VARSITY DANCE TEAM 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the Highland High School varsity dance team, who are the 2018 Illinois High School Association Competitive Dance Class 1A champions. Highland won the title with a score of 95.08, making this the school’s third dance team championship in a row. Highland ended the preliminary round with a three-point advantage and then secured the win by posting the high-est team score of Head Coach Emily Wellen’s tenure. The victory was especially exciting to seniors Olivia Genteman, Abigail Rogier, Kayla Davis and Katie Etter, who now claim the title of three-peat champions. I would like to congratulate the entire High-land dance team on their victory: Kayla Davis, Bree Etherton, Katie Etter, Alexis Finely, Paige Foster, Olivia Genteman, Kylie McFarland, Abbey Mortland, Claire Pabst, Abigail Rogier, Tatum Stock and Brooke Wilson, as well as Coach Wellen, on a superb end to a great season. Mr. Speaker, today it is an honor for me to acknowledge the hard work and dedication of the Highland High School varsity dance team in winning the 2018 championship, and I wish the team, and their coach, all the best in the future. f 
HONORING EXCLUSIVE KUTZ BARBER SHOP 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Exclusive Kutz Barber Shop, a Yazoo City business making an im-pact not only on hairstyles, but also on the needy of the community. Oliver Sampson, owner of Exclusive Kutz, along with Steve Beckford and Lonnie Conley, create lasting impressions on customers by providing them with popular or custom hair-styles. Exclusive Kutz is proud to service men, women, and children of all cultures, providing the best experiences possible for their cus-tomers. Barber shops are known for their conversa-tions, and Sampson reflected on the variety of talks that have occurred in his shop, ranging from politics and religion, to economics and fiance´s. Exclusive Kutz was recently featured in an issue of The Yazoo Herald giving free haircuts and facials to the needy of Yazoo City at the Manna House. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Exclusive Kutz Barber Shop and its owners for their desire to make a dif-ference in the lives of children and the com-munity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. PJ KEELER FOR BEING NAMED THE RECIPIENT OF THE GOOD SCOUT AWARD 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with profound respect that I rise today to recognize and cele-brate Mr. PJ Keeler for being named the Twin Rivers Council, Boy Scouts of America recipi-ent of the Good Scout Award. This designa-tion is reserved for those distinctive members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11AP8.011 E11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE434 April 11, 2018 
of our community who exhibit the values of scouting and are a force for good. Mr. Keeler has distinguished himself as a cornerstone of the Columbia County commu-nity. Through his innovative thinking as Co-lumbia County Treasurer and his decades- long participation in the volunteer fire depart-ment and ambulance service, Mr. Keeler has improved the quality of life for the county’s many residents. His tireless dedication to Co-lumbia County and the compassion he shows toward his friends and neighbors has made him a role model within the community for young generations to follow. Mr. Keeler’s legacy of hard work is a source of inspiration, instilling the values of deter-mination, confidence, and civility in his com-munity. I am grateful for Mr. Keeler’s years of dedicated service to Columbia County and to New York state. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 2219, the End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2018 (Roll no. 130), which would increase the role of the financial industry in combating human trafficking, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Additionally, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 4203, the Combat Online Predators Act (Roll no. 131), which would amend title 18 of United States Code with regard to stalking, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Finally, had I been present for the vote on approving the Journal (Roll no. 132), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
HONORING DR. STEVEN WILLIAMS 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Steven Williams, one of Albuquerque’s leading HIV physicians and researchers, who will re-tire this year after more than two decades of serving our community. In the early 1990s, the Albuquerque com-munity had few doctors who were willing and able to take on patients with HIV. That was until Dr. Williams organized a team of physi-cians and nurses at the University of New Mexico Hospital to provide those diagnosed with the virus with emotional support, testing, and survival education. Over time, Dr. Wil-liams built this practice into an outstanding specialty clinic within the hospital called the Truman Clinic. In addition to providing high quality medical care, Dr. Williams and his team have also supported fundraising and pro-vided guidance to local organizations sup-porting HIV patients. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of New Mexico’s First Congressional District, I want to thank Dr. Steven Williams for his years of service to our community, and congratulate him on his well- deserved retirement. We wish him nothing but the best in all his future endeavors. RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL ROOFING CONTRACTORS ASSO-CIATION AND NATIONAL ROOF-ING WEEK HON. RANDY HULTGREN 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National Roofing Contractors Association (NRCA), headquartered in Rose-mont, IL, and its efforts to designate the week of June 3–9, 2018 as National Roofing Week. The roof is one of the most important com-ponents of any home or business. It is the first line of defense against natural elements, such as rain, snow or wind, and yet it is often taken for granted until it falls into disrepair. National Roofing Week honors the thousands of roofing contractors and roofing-related businesses across the country and the industry’s commit-ment to public service. National Roofing Week is a valuable reminder of the significance qual-ity roofing has on every home and business in the United States. Established in 1886, NRCA is one of the na-tion’s oldest trade associations and the voice of professional roofing contractors worldwide. Today, the NRCA has more than 3,800 mem-bers located across all 50 states and rep-resents a variety of industry stakeholders, in-cluding roofing, roof deck, and water proofing contractors. Utilizing its vast network of roofing contractors and industry-related members, NRCA is responsible for the installation of a majority of new construction and replacement roof systems on commercial and residential structures in America. Most of its members are small, privately held businesses that pro-vide high-paying jobs for thousands of hard- working families and individuals that are the backbone of our economy. Professional roofing contractors provide vital services to their communities, both on and off the clock, in all 50 states. NRCA members will recognize National Roofing Week on June 3– 9 by supporting numerous charitable commu-nity service roofing projects throughout the na-tion. I commend the NRCA and the vital role the organization and its members play in every community and I ask all my colleagues to join me in acknowledging their contributions during National Roofing Week. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF TARTAN DAY 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the 20th anniversary of Tartan day on April 6th along with the many accomplishments of Scottish Americans in my district. I am a proud member of the Friends of Scotland Caucus and am well aware of the deep history of Scottish immigrants in Phila-delphia. As Scotland witnessed a tumultuous 18th century, Scots turned to Philadelphia to pursue a better life. During early settlements, Philadelphia was largely used as a gateway to the United States. Demand for a unifying orga-nization grew and consequently, the St. An-drew’s Society of Philadelphia was formed in 1747 by twenty-five Scottish gentlemen to help Scottish immigrants adjust to life in the New World. This impressive organization gets its name form Scotland’s patron saint and is the oldest charitable membership organization in North America. Throughout the subsequent two and a half centuries, the Scots have used their talent and hard work to the service of this country. A monument was constructed on October 8, 2011 in Philadelphia to commemorate Scottish immigration and depicts the importance of Scots to the success of the United States. I am proud that this monument serves as a symbol of the American Dream in my district. Established in 1988 by a U.S. Senate Reso-lution, Tartan day serves to recognize the achievements and contributions made by Scottish Americans to the United States. In Philadelphia, a ceremony, facilitated by the St. Andrew’s Society of Philadelphia, was held on April 7 to honor the occasion. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the vigintennial of Tartan day and the years of service Scottish immigrants have brought not only to Philadelphia but to this country. f 
HONORING SCOTT FLEMING ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM GEORGE-TOWN UNIVERSITY 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to Scott Fleming, a former House staffer and longtime public servant who is retiring in May after seventeen years working for Georgetown University. Over the years, I’ve had the opportunity to get to know Scott well, both through his work on Capitol Hill and in the Clinton Administration as well as later dur-ing his long tenure as a liaison between Georgetown University, my law school alma mater, and Congress. Scott’s association with Georgetown goes back more than four decades. He graduated from Georgetown’s Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service in 1972 with a bachelor’s degree. Already, though, he was working for Sen. Stuart Symington, from his home state of Missouri, as a Staff Assistant. After obtaining his master’s degree in public policy from the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas-Austin, Scott went to work for Rep. Dan Glickman from Kansas, serving from 1975 to 1988 in the roles of Leg-islative Assistant, Legislative Staff Director, and Chief of Staff. When Rep. N
ITALOWEY  was elected, she hired Scott in 1989 as her first Chief of Staff and to oversee the opening of her Congressional office. Leaving the House in 1995 with a wealth of legislative experience and institutional knowl-edge, Scott joined the Clinton Administration’s Department of Education as Deputy Assistant Secretary and Director of Congressional Af-fairs. Later, he served as Assistant Secretary for Legislation and Congressional Affairs. When President Clinton left office in 2001, Scott left government service but didn’t ven-ture too far. He returned to his alma mater to serve as Georgetown’s Associate Vice Presi-dent of Federal Relations. While doing so, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11AP8.018 E11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE435 April 11, 2018 
Scott has also served on the boards of the National Association of Independent College and Universities and of NAFSA: Association of International Educators Public Policy Advisory Committee. During his tenure, Scott worked tirelessly to secure federal funding for key educational ini-tiatives benefitting students at Georgetown and at institutions of higher education across the country. He’s won accolades for his work to shape the Post–9/11 G.I. Bill and related legislation to increase benefits available to vet-erans seeking to attend college and graduate school. In recent years, Scott has been at the forefront of efforts by Georgetown and other universities to prevent the deportation of DREAMers studying in this country, which they’ve called home from a young age, and wishing to be a part of building its future. Throughout his time at Georgetown, he’s been a fervent promoter of public service careers, taking time to bring students to Capitol Hill and teaching classes at Georgetown’s McCourt School of Public Policy. Scott has been an advisor, friend, and—in my opinion—the embodiment of the Jesuit principles that make up the ‘Spirit of George-town’ throughout his career. I wish my fellow Hoya all the best in retirement and thank him for his service to the Congress, in the execu-tive branch furthering educational opportunities in our country, and to Georgetown University and institutions of higher learning throughout America. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DAVID DOWNING 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of David M. Down-ing, a diligent worker, kind employer, devoted husband, father, brother, and friend. After a hard-fought battle with cancer, David passed away Sunday, April 8, 2018 at the age of 53. David grew up in Orchard Park and grad-uated from Canisius High School. He contin-ued to Princeton University where he earned his degree in History. While at Princeton, David played both golf and hockey for the Uni-versity. After his time there, David returned to Buffalo to get his MBA from the University at Buffalo. Eager to apply his skills, David started work-ing outside of the family business at Procter & Gamble and Rich Products in sales and mar-keting. However, drawn towards the family profession, in 1994 he joined his brother Frank Downing, Jr. at Towne Automotive Group, the business started by their father, Frank Down-ing, Sr. Together the two brothers worked side by side to grow their family business into one of the largest automobile dealers in the region. At one point, David even served as Vice President of the dealership, while Frank served as President. The brothers proved to be a good pair in business and worked to-gether harmoniously. When Towne’s longtime Chief Financial Officer Mike Smith retired, David assumed his role. In this position David managed the dealer group’s relationships with banks and insurance companies, dealt with Towne’s real estate and franchise agree-ments, and served as Frank’s business part-ner. David’s life was not all work as he cherished his time with his family as well: his wife Karen; four sons Joseph, Stephen, David Jr. and Ethan; brothers Frank, Stephen and Matthew; and two sisters, Molly Regan and Gretchen Cappiello. In his spare time he volunteered with non-profits and spent time with his wide and varied network of friends. All appreciated David’s positivity and resilience in his struggle with cancer, his ability to keep moving forward despite hardship. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for allowing me a few moments to honor David Downing’s life and legacy. His impact on his community, col-leagues, and family is admirable, and I offer my deepest condolences to his family, friends, and colleagues. f 
RECOGNIZING NEW KINGERY PRINTING COMPANY 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the New Kingery Printing Company as it celebrates its 50th anniversary. New Kingery press, located in Effingham, Il-linois, will mark this milestone by installing a new, state-of-the-art press. For many years to come, this dynamic, efficient, and cost-saving upgrade will give New Kingery the capacity to meet its customers’ future needs. The press’s new nonstop feeders are 50 percent faster than its predecessors’, able to be fed either sheets or rolls, and can handle projects that require light-weight paper on up to heavier cardboard. With the new upgrades this family- owned and operated business, which special-izes in catalogs, publications, marketing collat-eral and book production, will continue its tra-dition of providing great service and high qual-ity work. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor for me to ac-knowledge Michael Kingery, who is a second generation president of New Kingery Printing Company, and all of the employees whose hard work and dedication has made New Kingery Press the success that it is today, and the success it will remain in the future. I wish the company all the best. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF ATHANASIOS ‘‘TOM’’ P. VOUVOUNAS 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Athanasios ‘‘Tom’’ P. Vouvounas, 101, who passed away peacefully on Friday, March 30, 2018 at the Humility House in Austintown, Ohio with his family by his side. I will never forget Tom as long as I live. He was almost 90 years old when he came to Washington, DC., and we visited the World War II Memorial. Tom arrived wearing the same uniform he wore in France which still fit him like the day he first put it on. We rode to-gether on the Metro and sat down across from another man around Tom’s age who was dressed as a civilian. The man immediately recognized Tom’s uniform and started to talk with him. As it turned out, both of these men had served in the same unit those many years ago. I remember it as a wonderful day when two heroes were reunited. Tom was born on May 27, 1916 in Nenedes Samos, Greece, to Prodomos Vouvounas and Angeliki Safoulis Vouvounas. Tom came to the United States in 1933 to Youngstown, Ohio and moved to Warren, Ohio in 1945. He bravely served in the U.S. Army and fought in World War II at Normandy, France and in the Battle of the Bulge. After serving in the Army, Tom returned home to serve the state of Ohio and his com-munity in Warren. He was the co-owner of Lib-erty Restaurant on Main Street, with his wife, and he worked for the Ohio Department of Liquor Control as a manager of State Liquor Store on Main Street. Tom also worked as a Warren Transit bus driver. Tom was also an active member at St. Demetrios Greek Ortho-dox Church in Warren. He was involved as an altar server, American Hellenic Education Pro-gressive Association (AHEPA), senior group, Yasou Club, past President of the Church 50 Club, and an active participant with the church festival. In his free time, Tom enjoyed going to the track, gardening, and planting flowers. He is survived by his nine children, Perry Vouvounas of Cortland, Pete (Jacquline) Vouvounas of Howland, Angela (Christopher) Kalafatis of Dallas, Parisa (Frank) Gombarcik of Howland, Demetra Vouvounas and Christos Vouvounas, both of Houston, Nick Vouvounas of Bayshore, Long Island, N.Y., Maria (Curtis) Elder of Warren and Joanna (Edward) Colucci of Girard; 13 grandchildren; 23 great-grand-children and five great-great-grandchildren. He was preceded in death by his parents; wife, Helen T. Vouvounas; a brother, Andreas Vouvounas; and a sister-in-law, Helen A. Vouvounas. Tom was a valued member of the commu-nity, and I know he is dearly missed. I am thankful for the memories I have with him, and I extend my sincerest condolences to his fam-ily and friends. f 
HONORING THE GAY AND LESBIAN ACTIVISTS ALLIANCE OF WASH-INGTON, D.C. 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in celebrating the 47th anniversary of the Gay and Lesbian Activists Alliance of Washington, D.C. (GLAA) on April 26, 2018. GLAA is a val-ued and respected local organization long in the vanguard of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning (LGBTQ) com-munity’s struggle for equal rights. GLAA, since its founding in April 1971, has been in the business of advocating for the Dis-trict of Columbia’s full and equal rights and for residents’ civil rights. The Alliance defended the District’s landmark D.C. Human Rights Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11AP8.023 E11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE436 April 11, 2018 
of 1977 and also demanded the Act’s broad enforcement. In addition, GLAA forcefully ad-vocates for LGBTQ youth, seniors and con-sumers as well as for the rights of transgender people. GLAA especially focuses on transgender rights regarding equal treatment by the police and access to culturally com-petent healthcare. GLAA also builds and nurtures coalitions with other constituencies. Specifically, it edu-cates and rates candidates for D.C. offices. GLAA also works with its coalition partners and D.C. elected officials to advance its goals and to defend the District’s autonomy. More recently, GLAA worked with its coalition part-ners to achieve the enactment of the District of Columbia Religious Freedom and Civil Mar-riage Equality Amendment Act, which permits same-sex couples to marry in the District of Columbia. GLAA will present its 2018 Distinguished Service Awards to recipients at a reception on April 26, 2018. The awardees include: Check It Enterprises, formerly the Check It Gang, started as a street gang 10 years ago. The gang formed when a group of LGBTQ youth banded together as a gang in response to bullying and attacks on their LGBTQ identi-ties. The members’ oppression, traumatization and victimization produced anti-social behav-iors. Check It members received no positive reinforcement or encouragement until they met a mentor, Ron Moten, five years ago. Ron never gave up on them and showed them a better way. Under his tutelage, Check It found-ed a clothing line and opened a business in Historic Anacostia. They raised $50,000 in re-modeling costs for a building, where they make and sell clothing. The space also pro-vides a safe haven for LGBTQ youth and young adults, as well as an area for other ac-tivities and programs. In 2016, filmmakers Diana Flor and Toby Oppenheim chronicled them in the award-winning documentary, Check It. D.C. Councilmember Mary M. Cheh, who has represented Ward 3 since 2007, chairs the Committee on Transportation and the En-vironment. Councilmember Cheh authored the Conversion Therapy for Minors Prohibition Amendment Act of 2013 and the Death with Dignity Act of 2015. Additionally, her legisla-tive advocacy includes measures to protect the environment, combat homelessness, pun-ish bias crimes against homeless individuals and eliminate the statute of limitations for the prosecution of sexual assault. She fights alongside community advocates for LGBTQ issues, particularly those advocating for home-less LGBTQ youth. Councilmember Cheh also supports legislation to require individuals sub-ject to temporary protective orders to sur-render their guns and to prevent domestic vio-lence through the creation of a Domestic Vio-lence High-Risk Team, which is based upon a successful model in other jurisdictions. Mr. Don Blanchon, the executive director of Whitman-Walker Health is the third awardee. He guides Whitman-Walker in its commitment to provide an affirming and safe health care environment to gender and sexual minorities and other marginalized communities in the District. During his 11 years of leadership, Whitman-Walker has emphasized treating the whole person, integrating the role that advo-cacy and legal intervention play into that care. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in honoring the recipients of GLAA’s 2018 Distinguished Service Award and in celebrating GLAA’s 47 years of con-tributions to the LGBTQ community here in the District of Columbia. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF JOHN T. GLASSON 
HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the memory of John T. Glasson. Known by many as ‘‘Johnny Angel’’ he had an infec-tious smile. For 47 years John was a volun-teer firefighter with Levittown Fire Company No. 2 where he served for some time as Dep-uty Chief. An active member of his community, John was a third-degree brother with the Knights of Columbus and helped to organize the South East Pennsylvania National Fallen Firefighter Foundation golf outings as well as raising funds for Local 22 IAFF Widow’s Fund. In total, John helped raise over $180,000 for charitable organizations. John will be forever remembered by his large family including many brothers and sisters but also by the handful of individuals whose lives he saved as a volunteer firefighter. While John did not like to recount those stories, his impact on the Lower Bucks community will be felt for gen-erations to come. Mr. Speaker, John exempli-fied how active participants can be a force for good in their communities. My district is better because of men like John Glasson. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE VOLUNTEERS OF THE HOSPICE AND PALLIA-TIVE CARE CENTER OF ALAMANCE-CASWELL 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the passionate and committed vol-unteers of the Hospice and Palliative Care Center of Alamance-Caswell, in Burlington, North Carolina. It is fitting to recognize these individuals during April, National Volunteer Month. Hos-pice of Alamance-Caswell is the only non-prof-it hospice care center in the Burlington area. This organization depends on the efforts of volunteers and could not survive without their hard work. For decades, volunteers have donated their time to patients and family members, selflessly giving to those in need. These volunteers have demonstrated a commitment to the mis-sion: to offer the right care, at the right time, in the right way. In addition to medical treatment, volunteers provide assistance and comfort for the families of patients. Through each step, administrative support, fundraising, patient care and compan-ionship, these individuals are there in times when they are needed most. It is a privilege to honor the volunteers of the Hospice and Palliative Care Center of Alamance-Caswell. Through their hard work, compassion, and desire to serve, they dem-onstrate the charitable spirit we are so fortu-nate to have in North Carolina. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 11, 2018 Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for the following votes because I chose to remain in my congressional district in Miami for an important district event. Had I been present, I would have voted: Yes on Roll Call Vote No. 130; Yes on Roll Call Vote No. 131; and No on Roll Call Vote No. 132. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, April 12, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 17 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Admiral Philip S. Davidson, USN, for reappointment to the grade of admiral and to be Commander, United States Pacific Command, and General Terrence J. O’Shaughnessy, USAF, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United States Northern Command, and Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command, both of the Department of Defense. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the National Guard and Reserve. SD–192 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Thelma Drake, of Virginia, to be Federal Transit Administrator, De-partment of Transportation, Jeffrey Nadaner, of Maryland, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Commerce, and Seth Daniel Appleton, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. SD–538 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11AP8.027 E11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE437 April 11, 2018 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Karl L. Schultz, to be Admiral and to be Commandant of the Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Secu-rity. SR–253 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine deferred maintenance and operational needs of the National Park Service. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine United States policy in Yemen. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Navy ship-building programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–232A APRIL 18 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine abusive robocalls and how to stop them. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the appro-priate role of states and the Federal government in protecting groundwater. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of David Williams, of Illinois, Robert M. Duncan, of Kentucky, and Calvin R. Tucker, of Pennsylvania, each to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Patent and Trademark Office. SD–226 2 p.m. Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans To hold hearings to examine the history and structure of the multiemployer pension system. SD–215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Army Corps of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclama-tion within the Department of the In-terior. SD–430 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Housing and Urban Development. SD–192 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold hearings to examine accelerating new technologies to meet emerging threats. SR–232A Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security To hold hearings to examine Olympic abuse, focusing on the role of national governing bodies in protecting our ath-letes. SR–253 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the 30th anniversary of tribal self-gov-ernance, focusing on successes in self- governance and an outlook for the next 30 years. SD–628 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Border Security and Im-migration To hold hearings to examine strength-ening and reforming America’s immi-gration court system. SD–226 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine Air Force modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram. SR–222 APRIL 19 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Navy in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SD–G50 APRIL 24 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Air Force in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SD–G50 APRIL 25 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine H.R. 597, to take lands in Sonoma County, Cali-fornia, into trust as part of the reserva-tion of the Lytton Rancheria of Cali-fornia, and H.R. 1491, to reaffirm the action of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians. SD–628 
APRIL 26 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the Depart-ment of Defense budget posture in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SH–216 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M11AP8.000 E11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D368 Wednesday, April 11, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2047–S2082 Measures Introduced: Nine bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2644–2652, S.J. Res. 58, and S. Res. 457–459.
                           Page S2075 
Measures Reported: S. 1160, to include Livingston County, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Freeport in Stephenson County, Illinois, to the Lincoln Na-tional Heritage Area. (S. Rept. No. 115–224) S. 1181, to direct the Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Secretary for good Samaritan search-and-recov-ery missions, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–225) S. 1260, to authorize the exchange of certain Fed-eral land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore for certain non-Federal land in Jackson County, Mis-sissippi. (S. Rept. No. 115–226) S. 1602, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the suitability and feasi-bility of designating certain land as the Finger Lakes National Heritage Area. (S. Rept. No. 115–227) H.R. 2615, to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jack-son County, Mississippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–228)
                                                      Pages S2074–75 
Measures Passed: Oswaldo Paya Sardinas: Senate agreed to S. Res. 224, recognizing the 6th anniversary of the death of Oswaldo Paya Sardinas, and commemorating his leg-acy and commitment to democratic values and prin-ciples, after agreeing to the committee amendments. 
                                                                                    Pages S2078–79 
Authorizing Representation by Senate Legal Counsel: Senate agreed to S. Res. 457, to authorize testimony and representation in Kuwait and Gulf Link Transport Co., et al. v. John Doe, et al. (Ct. of Common Pleas, Cumberland County, Pa.)
   Page S2079 Sesquicentennial of Connecticut’s Navy Installa-tion: Senate agreed to S. Res. 458, designating April 11, 2018, as the ‘‘Sesquicentennial of Connecticut’s Navy Installation’’.
                                                    Page S2079 
Pizzella Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor. 
                                                                                    Pages S2058–67 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 68), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S2058–59 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, all post-cloture time on the nomination expire at 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, April 12, 2018, and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination; and that there be two minutes of debate, equally di-vided, prior to each vote.
                                       Page S2067 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 9:15 a.m., on Thurs-day, April 12, 2018.
                                                Page S2081 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. EX. 67), John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Mem-ber of the National Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring December 16, 2022. 
                                                                      Pages S2049–58, S2082 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S2070–71 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2071 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2071–74 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2075–76 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2076–77 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2069–70 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2077 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—68)
                                                           Pages S2058–59 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11AP8.REC D11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D369 April 11, 2018 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:54 p.m., until 9:15 a.m. on Thurs-day, April 12, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2081.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Committee announced the following subcommittee assignments: Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies: Sen-ators Hoeven (Chair), McConnell, Collins, Blunt, Moran, Rubio, Hyde-Smith, Merkley, Feinstein, Tester, Udall, Leahy, and Baldwin. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies: Senators Moran (Chair), Alexander, Mur-kowski, Collins, Graham, Boozman, Capito, Lankford, Kennedy, Shaheen, Leahy, Feinstein, Reed, Coons, Schatz, Manchin, and Van Hollen. Subcommittee on Department of Defense: Senators Shelby (Chair), McConnell, Alexander, Collins, Mur-kowski, Graham, Blunt, Daines, Moran, Hoeven, Durbin, Leahy, Feinstein, Murray, Reed, Tester, Udall, Schatz, and Baldwin. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development: Sen-ators Alexander (Chair), McConnell, Shelby, Collins, Murkowski, Graham, Hoeven, Kennedy, Lankford, Feinstein, Murray, Tester, Durbin, Udall, Shaheen, Merkley, and Coons. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment: Senators Lankford (Chair), Moran, Boozman, Daines, Kennedy, Coons, Durbin, Manchin, and Van Hollen. Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security: Senators Capito (Chair), Shelby, Murkowski, Booz-man, Hoeven, Lankford, Kennedy, Tester, Shaheen, Leahy, Murray, Baldwin, and Manchin. Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies: Senators Murkowski (Chair), Alexander, Blunt, McConnell, Daines, Cap-ito, Rubio, Hyde-Smith, Udall, Feinstein, Leahy, Reed, Tester, Merkley, and Van Hollen. Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies: Senators Blunt (Chair), Shelby, Alexander, Graham, Moran, Capito, Lankford, Kennedy, Rubio, Hyde- Smith, Murray, Durbin, Reed, Shaheen, Merkley, Schatz, Baldwin, Murphy, and Manchin. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch: Senators Daines (Chair), Hyde-Smith, Shelby, Murphy, and Van Hol-len. Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies: Senators Boozman (Chair), McConnell, Murkowski, Hoeven, Collins, Capito, Moran, Rubio, Schatz, Tester, Murray, Reed, Udall, Baldwin, and Murphy. Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs: Senators Graham (Chair), McConnell, Blunt, Boozman, Lankford, Daines, Rubio, Hyde- Smith, Leahy, Durbin, Shaheen, Coons, Merkley, Murphy, and Van Hollen. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies: Senators Collins (Chair), Shelby, Alexander, Blunt, Boozman, Capito, Daines, Graham, Hoeven, Reed, Murray, Durbin, Feinstein, Coons, Schatz, Murphy, and Manchin. Senators Shelby and Leahy are ex officio members of each subcommittee. APPROPRIATIONS: MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Missile Defense Agency, after re-ceiving testimony from Lieutenant General Samuel A. Greaves, USAF, Director, Missile Defense Agen-cy, Department of Defense. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Agri-culture, after receiving testimony from Sonny Perdue, Secretary, Robert Johansson, Chief Econo-mist, and Diem-Linh Jones, Acting Budget Officer, all of the Department of Agriculture. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Energy, including the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion, after receiving testimony from Rick Perry, Sec-retary, Lisa E. Gordon-Hagerty, Administrator, Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration, and Paul M. Dabbar, Under Secretary for Science, all of the De-partment of Energy. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11AP8.REC D11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD370 April 11, 2018 
Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Transportation, after receiving testimony from Elaine L. Chao, Sec-retary of Transportation. SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities concluded open and closed hearings to examine Special Operations Com-mand’s efforts to transform the force for future secu-rity challenges, after receiving testimony from Lieu-tenant General Scott A. Howell, USAF, Vice Com-mander, Special Operations Command, Lieutenant General Kenneth E. Tovo, USA, Commanding Gen-eral, Army Special Operations Command, Lieutenant General Marshall B. Webb, USAF, Commander, Air Force Special Operations Command, Rear Admiral Timothy G. Szymanski, USN, Commander, Naval Special Warfare Command, and Major General Carl E. Mundy III, USMC, Commander, Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command, all of the De-partment of Defense. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness and Management Support concluded a hearing to examine the health of the Department of Defense industrial base and its role in providing readiness to the warfighter, after receiving testimony from Lieu-tenant General Edward M. Daly, USA, Deputy Com-manding General, Army Materiel Command, Vice Admiral Paul A. Grosklags, USN, Commander, Naval Air Systems Command, Vice Admiral Thomas J. Moore, USN, Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, Lieutenant General Lee K. Levy II, USAF, Commander, Air Force Sustainment Center, Air Force Materiel Command, and Major General Craig C. Crenshaw, USMC, Commanding General, Marine Corps Logistics Command, all of the Depart-ment of Defense. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces concluded a hearing to examine United States nuclear weapons policy, programs, and strat-egy in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Guy B. Roberts, Assistant Secretary for Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense Programs, Robert M. Soofer, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Nuclear and Missile Defense Policy, General Robin Rand, USAF, Com-mander, Air Force Global Strike Command, and Vice Admiral Terry J. Benedict, USN, Director, Strategic Systems Programs, all of the Department of Defense. CBO BUDGET AND ECONOMIC OUTLOOK Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-ing to examine the Congressional Budget Office’s budget and economic outlook, focusing on fiscal years 2018–2028, after receiving testimony from Keith Hall, Director, Congressional Budget Office. NOMINATIONS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Patrick Fuchs, of Wisconsin, and Michelle A. Schultz, of Pennsylvania, both to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board, De-partment of Transportation, and Rebecca Kelly Slaughter, of Maryland, to be a Federal Trade Com-missioner, who was introduced by Senator Schumer, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. UTILIZING SIGNIFICANT EMISSIONS WITH INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ACT Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine S. 2602, to support carbon dioxide utilization and direct air cap-ture research, to facilitate the permitting and devel-opment of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestra-tion projects and carbon dioxide pipelines, after re-ceiving testimony from Senator Heitkamp; Mark Northam, University of Wyoming School of Energy Resources, Laramie; S. Julio Friedmann, CarbonWrangler LLC, Livermore, California; Noah Deich, Center for Carbon Removal, Oakland, Cali-fornia; and Feng Jiao, University of Delaware Center for Catalytic Science and Technology, Newark. MARKET ACCESS CHALLENGES IN CHINA Committee on Finance: Subcommittee on International Trade, Customs, and Global Competitiveness con-cluded a hearing to examine market access challenges in China, after receiving testimony from Dean Gar-field, Information Technology Industry Council, Christine Bliss, Coalition of Services Industries, Linda Menghetti Dempsey, National Association of Manufacturers, and Thea Mei Lee, Economic Policy Institute, all of Washington, D.C. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Kirsten Dawn Madison, of Florida, to be an Assistant Sec-retary (International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs), and Thomas J. Hushek, of Wisconsin, to be Ambassador to the Republic of South Sudan, both of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11AP8.REC D11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D371 April 11, 2018 
the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. FEMA PREPAREDNESS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Federal Emergency Management Agency, focusing on prioritizing a culture of preparedness, after receiv-ing testimony from William B. Long, Administrator, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Depart-ment of Homeland Security. OPIOID CRISIS RESPONSE ACT Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘The Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018’’, after receiving testimony from Jennifer Donahue, Delaware Office of the Child Advocate, Georgetown; and Robert Morrison, National Associa-tion of State Alcohol and Drug Abuse Directors, and Jessica Hulsey Nickel, Addiction Policy Forum, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 1250, to amend the Indian Health Care Im-provement Act to improve the recruitment and re-tention of employees in the Indian Health Service, restore accountability in the Indian Health Service, improve health services, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and S. 2515, to amend the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act to provide further self- governance by Indian Tribes. INDIAN PROGRAMS BUDGET Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for Indian Programs, after receiving testimony from John Tahsuda, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs; Rear Admiral Michael D. Weahkee, Acting Director, Indian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services; Aaron Payment, National Congress of American Indians, Washington, D.C.; and Robert McGhee, United South and Eastern Tribes Sovereignty Protection Fund, Nashville, Tennessee. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Mark Jeremy Bennett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, who was introduced by Senator Schatz, Nancy E. Brasel, and Eric C. Tostrud, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota, who were introduced by Senator Smith, and Robert R. Summerhays, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Louisiana, and Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Lou-isiana, who were introduced by Senator Cassidy, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. DEFEATING FENTANYL Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concluded a hearing to examine de-feating fentanyl, focusing on addressing the deadliest drugs fueling the opioid crisis, including S. 2635, to amend the Controlled Substances Act and the Con-trolled Substances Import and Export Act to modify the offenses relating to fentanyl, S. 2481, to increase the penalties for fentanyl trafficking, S. 2456, to re-authorize and expand the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016, and S. 207, to amend the Controlled Substances Act relating to controlled sub-stance analogues, after receiving testimony from Christina E. Nolan, United States Attorney for the District of Vermont, Department of Justice; Kemp Chester, National Heroin Coordination Group, Of-fice of National Drug Control Policy; Kenneth C. Miller, Greenville Police Department, Greenville, South Carolina; Josiah D. Rich, The Miriam Hos-pital, Providence, Rhode Island; and Brian J. Browne, University of Maryland School of Medicine Department of Emergency Medicine, Baltimore. NOMINATIONS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Paul R. Law-rence, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Benefits, and Joseph L. Falvey, Jr., of Michigan, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11AP8.REC D11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD372 April 11, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5466–5479; and 8 resolutions, H. Res. 814–821 were introduced.
                 Pages H3146–47 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3148–49 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 401, to designate the mountain at the Dev-ils Tower National Monument, Wyoming, as Devils Tower, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–630); H.R. 520, to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to the economic and national security and manufacturing competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–631); and H.R. 4895, to establish the Medgar Evers Na-tional Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–632).
                                                                      Page H3146 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bacon to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H3099 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:31 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H3103 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Chaplain Scott Foust, U.S. Air Force, Arlington Cemetery, Arlington, VA. 
                                                                                            Page H3103 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H3103, H3112 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 814, electing a Member to a certain standing com-mittee of the House of Representatives. 
                                                                                    Pages H3104–05 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:53 p.m. and re-convened at 1:40 p.m.
                                            Page H3110 
Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act— Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 811, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4790) to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System sole rulemaking authority, to exclude community banks from the requirements of the Volcker rule, by a recorded vote of 230 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 134, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 231 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 133.
                                                       Pages H3105–10, H3110–12 Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 816, electing a Member to a certain standing com-mittee of the House of Representatives.
        Page H3112 
Financial Stability Oversight Council Improve-ment Act: The House passed H.R. 4061, to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to improve the transparency of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, to improve the SIFI designation process, by a yea-and-nay vote of 297 yeas to 121 nays, Roll No. 135.
                                                                Pages H3119–28 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–64, modified by the amend-ment printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–600, shall be considered as adopted.
                                      Page H3119 
H. Res. 780, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4061) and (H.R. 4293) was agreed to March 15th. Stress Test Improvement Act: The House passed H.R. 4293, to reform the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review process, the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test process, by a yea-and-nay vote of 245 yeas to 174 nays, Roll No. 137. 
                                                                Pages H3112–19, H3128–29 
Rejected the Maxine Waters (CA) motion to re-commit the bill to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and- nay vote of 188 yeas to 231 nays, Roll No. 136. 
                                                                Pages H3118–19, H3128–29 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–63, modified by the amend-ment printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–600, shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the bill.
                                                                                   Page H3112 
H. Res. 780, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4061) and (H.R. 4293) was agreed to March 15th. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H3104. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3110–11, H3111–12, H3128, H3128–29, and H3129. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:43 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11AP8.REC D11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D373 April 11, 2018 
Committee Meetings 
RAIL SAFETY AND INFRASTRUCTURE— STAKEHOLDER PERSPECTIVES Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a hearing entitled ‘‘Rail Safety and Infrastructure—Stakeholder Perspectives’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the National In-stitutes of Health. Testimony was heard from Francis Collins, Director, National Institutes of Health. APPROPRIATIONS—INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held a budget hearing on the Internal Revenue Service. Testimony was heard from David J. Kautter, Acting Commis-sioner, Department of Treasury. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Department of the Interior. Testimony was heard from the following Department of the Interior officials: Ryan Zinke, Secretary; Denise Flanagan, Director, Office of Budget; and Olivia Barton Ferriter, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Budget, Finance, Performance and Acquisition. APPROPRIATIONS—U.S. STRATEGIC COMMAND Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense held a budget hearing on the U.S. Strategic Com-mand. Testimony was heard from General John E. Hyten, Commander, U.S. Strategic Command. This hearing was closed. APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration. Testimony was heard from RDML Tim Gallaudet, U.S. Navy (Ret.), Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, Acting Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, Department of Commerce. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a budget hearing on the Department of the Treasury International Programs. Testimony was heard from Steven Mnuchin, Secretary, Department of the Treas-ury. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-land Security held a budget hearing on the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. Testimony was heard from Kirstjen Nielsen, Secretary, Department of Homeland Security. APPROPRIATIONS—U.S. CAPITOL POLICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-tive Branch held a budget hearing on the U.S. Cap-itol Police. Testimony was heard from the following U.S. Capitol Police officials: Matthew R. Verderosa, Chief of Police; Steven A. Sund, Assistant Chief of Police; and Richard L. Braddock, Chief Administra-tive Officer. CYBER OPERATIONS TODAY: PREPARING FOR 21ST CENTURY CHALLENGES IN AN INFORMATION-ENABLED SOCIETY Committee On Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Cyber Operations Today: Preparing for 21st Century Challenges in an Information-En-abled Society’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MEMBER DAY Committee On Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’. Testimony was heard from Chairman Chabot, and Representatives Vela´zquez, Kihuen, Donovan, Johnson of Louisiana, Rutherford, and Schneider. A REVIEW AND ASSESSMENT OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BUDGET, STRATEGY, POLICY, AND PROGRAMS FOR CYBER OPERATIONS AND U.S. CYBER COMMAND FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Review and Assessment of the Department of Defense Budget, Strategy, Policy, and Programs for Cyber Operations and U.S. Cyber Command for Fis-cal Year 2019’’. Testimony was heard from Kenneth P. Rapuano, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security, Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11AP8.REC D11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD374 April 11, 2018 
of Defense; and Admiral Michael Rogers, Com-mander, U.S. Cyber Command, Director, National Security Agency. FACEBOOK: TRANSPARENCY AND USE OF CONSUMER DATA Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Facebook: Transparency and Use of Consumer Data’’. Testimony was heard from a public witness. UPDATE ON THE RESTORATION OF PUERTO RICO’S ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the Restoration of Puerto Rico’s Electric Infrastructure’’. Testimony was heard from Charles R. Alexander, Director, Contingency Operations and Homeland Security Headquarters, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers; Jeffrey Byard, Associate Administrator, Office of Response and Recovery, Federal Emergency Management Agency; Bruce J. Walker, Assistant Secretary, Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, Department of Energy; and public wit-nesses. COMBATING THE OPIOID CRISIS: IMPROVING THE ABILITY OF MEDICARE AND MEDICAID TO PROVIDE CARE FOR PATIENTS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health began a hearing entitled ‘‘Combating the Opioid Crisis: Improving the Ability of Medicare and Medicaid to Provide Care for Patients’’. THE 2018 SEMI-ANNUAL REPORT OF THE BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The 2018 Semi-Annual Report of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’. Testi-mony was heard from Mick Mulvaney, Acting Direc-tor, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. FINANCING OVERSEAS DEVELOPMENT: THE ADMINISTRATION’S PROPOSAL Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Financing Overseas Development: The Administration’s Proposal’’. Testimony was heard from Ray W. Washburne, President and Chief Executive Officer, Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration. NORTH KOREA’S DIPLOMATIC GAMBIT: WILL HISTORY REPEAT ITSELF? Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘North Ko-rea’s Diplomatic Gambit: Will History Repeat Itself?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. NO ABDUCTED CHILD LEFT BEHIND: AN UPDATE ON THE GOLDMAN ACT Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘No Abducted Child Left Behind: An Update on the Goldman Act’’. Testimony was heard from Suzanne Lawrence, Special Advisor for Children’s Issues, Of-fice of Children’s Issues, Bureau of Consular Affairs, Department of State; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5283, to make technical amend-ments to update statutory references to certain provi-sions classified to title 7, title 20, and title 43, United States Code; H.R. 5293, to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions that were formerly classified to title 50, Appendix, United States Code; H.R. 5335, to make technical amendments to update statutory references to provisions reclassified to title 34, United States Code; H.R. 5344, to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions which were formerly classified to chapters 14 and 19 of title 25, United States Code; and H.R. 5447, the ‘‘Music Modernization Act’’. H.R. 5283, H.R. 5293, H.R. 5335, H.R. 5344, and H.R. 5447 were or-dered reported, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3144, to provide for operations of the Federal Columbia River Power System pursu-ant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time, and for other purposes; H.R. 3392, the ‘‘Lake Bistineau Land Title Stability Act’’; H.R. 3997, the ‘‘Free Veterans from Fees Act’’; H.R. 4257, the ‘‘Advancing Conservation and Education Act’’; and H.R. 5005, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to deter-mine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson in Jackson-ville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System. H.R. 3144 and H.R. 5005 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 3392, H.R. 3997, and H.R. 4257 were ordered reported, as amended. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 1037, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11AP8.REC D11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D375 April 11, 2018 
other purposes; H.R. 1791, the ‘‘Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Act’’; H.R. 2991, the ‘‘Susquehanna National Heritage Area Act’’; and H.R. 3045, the ‘‘Eastern Legacy Extension Act’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Reichert, Smucker, Lynch, and Messer; former Sen-ator Slade Gorton; Joy Beasley, Acting Associate Di-rector, Cultural Resources, Partnerships, and Science, National Park Service, Department of the Interior; Leo S. Lutz, Mayor, Borough of Columbia, Colum-bia, Pennsylvania; and public witnesses. LOCAL RESPONSES AND RESOURCES TO CURTAIL THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules held a hearing entitled ‘‘Local Responses and Resources to Curtail the Opioid Epidemic’’. Tes-timony was heard from Amy Haskins, Project Direc-tor, Jackson County Anti-Drug Coalition, West Vir-ginia; Lisa Roberts, Coordinator, Scioto County Drug Action Team Alliance, Ohio; Derek Siegle, Executive Director, Ohio High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area Program; and Karen Ayala, Lead Staff, DuPage Heroin/Opioid Prevention and Education Task-Force, Illinois. SCHOLARS OR SPIES: FOREIGN PLOTS TARGETING AMERICA’S RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Re-search and Technology held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Scholars or Spies: Foreign Plots Targeting America’s Research and Development’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Wessel, Commissioner, U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission; and public witnesses. THE STATE OF TRADE FOR AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESSES Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Trade for America’s Small Businesses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity held a markup on H.R. 1206, to amend title 38, United States Code, to include the cost of applying to an institution of higher learning as part of the benefits provided under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program; H.R. 3023, to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay reporting fees to educational institutions; H.R. 3940, to amend title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide for housing stipends and supply fee payments under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program for individuals affected by extended school closures due to natural disasters; H.R. 4451, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year ex-tension to the homeless veterans reintegration pro-grams and to provide clarification regarding eligi-bility for services under such programs; H.R. 4830, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of education for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs unless the edu-cational institution providing the course permits in-dividuals to attend or participate in courses pending payment by Department, and for other purposes; H.R. 4835, to extend the pilot program on off-base transition training for veterans and spouses; and H.R. 5044, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the treatment of certain surviving spouses under the contracting goals and preferences of the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 4830 and H.R. 4451 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 1206, H.R. 3023, H.R. 3940, H.R. 4835, and H.R. 5044 were ordered reported, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5446, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to restrict the immediate sale of seized property by the Secretary of the Treasury to perishable goods; H.R. 5444, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; H.R. 5445, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve cybersecurity and taxpayer identity protection, and modernize the information tech-nology of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; H.R. 2901, the ‘‘Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Permanence Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5440, to require notice from the Secretary of the Treasury in the case of any closure of a Taxpayer Assistance Cen-ter; H.R. 5438, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow officers and employees of the De-partment of the Treasury to provide to taxpayers in-formation regarding low-income taxpayer clinics; legislation to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to restrict the immediate sale of seized prop-erty by Secretary of the Treasury to perishable goods; H.R. 5437, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to establish a program for the issuance of identity protection personal identification numbers; H.R. 5439, to provide for a single point of contact at the Internal Revenue Service for the taxpayers who are victims of tax-related identity theft; legislation to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11AP8.REC D11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD376 April 11, 2018 
electronic filing of the annual returns of exempt or-ganizations and provide for making such returns available for public inspection; H.R. 4403, the ‘‘Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act’’; H.R. 1512, the ‘‘Social Security Child Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5192, the ‘‘Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act’’. H.R. 5444, H.R. 5445, H.R. 2901, H.R. 5440, H.R. 5438, H.R. 5446, H.R. 5437, H.R. 5439, H.R. 5443, H.R. 4403, H.R. 1512, and H.R. 5192 were ordered reported, as amended. 
Joint Meetings 
UNLEASHING AMERICA’S ECONOMIC POTENTIAL Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a hearing to examine unleashing America’s economic potential, after receiving testimony from Douglas Holtz-Eakin, American Action Forum, Chad Moutray, National Association of Manufacturers, and Mark J. Mazur, Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center, all of Washington, D.C.; and Richard Hampton, Circuit Interruption Technology Inc., Rogers, Min-nesota. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, APRIL 12, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Labor, 10 a.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Army in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau’s semi-annual report to Congress, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the 2018 hurricane season, fo-cusing on the status of preparation and response capabili-ties, 9:45 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the 2018 tax filing season and future Internal Revenue Serv-ice challenges, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Secretary of State, 10:15 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 994, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious af-filiation, and the nominations of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Kari A. Dooley, to be United States District Judge for the District of Connecticut, Dominic W. Lanza, to be United States District Judge for the District of Ari-zona, Jill Aiko Otake, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, Michael Y. Scudder, of Illi-nois, and Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Charles J. Williams, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Iowa, and Joseph H. Hunt, of Mary-land, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Timothy A. Garrison, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri, Kenji M. Price, to be United States Attorney for the District of Hawaii, John Cary Bittick, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of Georgia, David L. Lyons, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Georgia, and Rodney D. Ostermiller, to be United States Marshal for the District of Montana, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Smithsonian Institution, 9:30 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Investments in our Health Workforce and Rural Com-munities’’, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, budget hearing on the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, 10 a.m., H–309 Cap-itol. Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on the U.S. National Guard and Reserve, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing on the Government Publishing Office, 10 a.m., HT–2 Capitol. Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on Energy, Installations, and Environment, 10 a.m., 2362–A Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Homeland Security, budget hearing on the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection, 10 a.m., 2359 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing on the Architect of the Capitol, 2 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Transportation, 2 p.m., 2358–A Ray-burn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11AP8.REC D11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D377 April 11, 2018 Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2019 National Defense Author-ization Budget Request from the Department of De-fense’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request for Com-bat Aviation Programs’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘355 Ship Navy: Delivering the Right Capabilities’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Congressional Budget Office’s Budget and Eco-nomic Outlook’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, continue hearing entitled ‘‘Combating the Opioid Crisis: Improving the Ability of Medicare and Medicaid to Provide Care for Patients’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2019 Department of Energy Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Housing Finance Agency’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade Sub-committee, hearing on H.R. 4311, the ‘‘Foreign Invest-ment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Management Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Building for the Future: Examining Challenges Facing the Department of Homeland Security’s Consolidated Headquarters Project’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Secu-rity, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the President’s FY 2019 Budget Request for the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4631, the ‘‘Access to Congressionally Mandated Reports Act’’; and H.R. 5305, the ‘‘FDLP Modernization Act of 2018’’, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Role of Shared Employees in the House’’, 11 a.m., 1310 Long-worth. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on legis-lation on the Permitting Litigation Efficiency Act of 2018; and H.R. 4423, the ‘‘North Texas Water Supply Security Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Pro-posed Fiscal Year 2019 Spending, Priorities and Missions of the Bureau of Reclamation, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration, and the Four Power Marketing Administrations’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Benefits of the Navajo Generation Sta-tion on Local Economies’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Government Operations; and Sub-committee on Intergovernmental Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Improper Payments in State-Administered Pro-grams: Medicaid’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘A ‘Caravan’ of Illegal Immigrants: A Test of U.S. Bor-ders’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Investiga-tions, Oversight, and Regulations, hearing entitled ‘‘Community Support: Entrepreneurial Development and Beyond’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5294, the ‘‘Treating Barriers to Prosperity Act of 2018’’; H.R. 3288, the ‘‘Northern Bor-der Regional Commission Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H. Con. Res. 115, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhi-bition; H. Con. Res. 113, authorizing the use of Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby; legislation on the General Services Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Program; H.R. 4177, the ‘‘PRE-PARE Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5319, to transfer Coast Guard property in the Town of Jupiter Island, Florida, for inclu-sion in Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge; H.R. 5326, the ‘‘Maritime Technical Corrections Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 4673, the ‘‘Promoting Women in the Aviation Workforce Act’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Hearing on the Effects of Tariff Increases on the U.S. Economy and Jobs’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Subcommittee on Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Jobs and Opportunity: Local Perspectives on the Jobs Gap’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Subcommittee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Ar-chitecture, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Hearing’’, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11AP8.REC D11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD378 April 11, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:15 a.m., Thursday, April 12 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 9:30 a.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Patrick Pizzella, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, April 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of the following measure under suspension of the Rules: H.J. Res. 2—Pro-posing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Banks, Jim, Ind., E431 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E429 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E434 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E434 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E429 Buck, Ken, Colo., E430, E433 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E431 Faso, John J., N.Y., E433 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E436 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E430 Harris, Andy, Md., E433 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E435 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E431, E434 Hultgren, Randy, Ill., E434 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E433 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E430 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E431 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E434 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E431 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E435 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E429 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E431 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E429, E430 Rosen, Jacky, Nev., E433 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E435 Shimkus, John, Ill., E433, E435 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E429, E432, E433 Walker, Mark, N.C., E436 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E436 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D11AP8.REC D11APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST