Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7299 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 2018 No. 192 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Thursday, December 6, 2018, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
WEDNESDAY , DECEMBER 5, 2018 
The Senate met at 2:30 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
OM C
OTTON , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Today’s opening prayer will be offered by Pas-tor Louie Giglio, of Passion City Church, from Atlanta, GA. The guest Chaplain offered the fol-lowing prayer: Let’s pray together. Father, we pause today to lift our eyes to Heaven, the place our help comes from. And we bow to honor You and to wor-ship You for who You are. We recognize that You are here and that we are here because of Your sov-ereign will. So, may this Chamber know the wind of Heaven today as it seeks the common good for those it serves. We ask that Your supernatural dis-cernment, courage, and unity rest on this Senate so that Your Kingdom may come and Your will be done on Earth as it is in Heaven. Father, I lift each Member of this es-teemed Chamber to You. Please touch them and their families with Your love and grace and surround them with the angel armies of Heaven. We celebrate the life and the legacy of President George Herbert Walker Bush. We lift his family and those who loved him to You, knowing that You are the God of all comfort. And we ask that You guide us today as we seek to take our place among the thousand points of light. Especially in this season, we thank You for the gift of Your Son, the Prince of Peace, and we commit this day to You for the sake of Your great Name. Amen. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, December 5, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T
OMCOTTON , a Sen- ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Tennessee. 
f 
WELCOMING PASTOR LOUIE GIGLIO Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, it is an honor to be here with Pastor Louie Giglio, from Atlanta, who pastors the Passion Church there. I think everyone in this body knows Congress led on an issue to end modern slavery around the world. That was something that passed this body a cou-ple of years ago. The appropriators have funded it. We are well on our way leading the world today in trying to end modern slavery, where today we have 27 million people around the world in slavery—more than at any time in the world’s history. I can hon-estly say the genesis of that, the seed for that, the beginning of that, started at Passion Church, where he led an ef-fort to make sure people are aware of this scourge on mankind. I am grateful to him. Millions of people around the world will be grateful to him and his congregation. I am honored to know him and be his friend, and I thank him for his leadership in that regard but also beginning our day in this way. Thank you so much. With that, I yield the floor. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
REMEMBERING GEORGE H.W. BUSH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, ear-lier today, our 41st President George Herbert Walker Bush departed the Cap-itol Rotunda and was memorialized at the National Cathedral. Now his re-mains are on the way back to Houston for a funeral service at St. Martin’s Episcopal Church before he is laid to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05DE6.000 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7300 December 5, 2018 
rest right next to Barbara, his loving wife and partner of 73 years, and their daughter, Robin. It has been reported that, some years ago, as the Bush family discussed fu-neral plans and the subject of lying in state came up, the former President joked in a self-deprecating way: ‘‘Do you think anyone will come?’’ Well, Mr. President, they sure did. Dignitaries, world leaders, and thou-sands of Americans from all walks of life waited for hours and streamed through this Capitol to pray for and pay tribute to the life and legacy of George Bush. I might add, in addition to that, on the way up to the National Cathedral, there were citizens on both sides of the road, all along the way, with their iPhones, taking photographs of this great American. Today, at President’s Trump’s direc-tion, the country is observing a na-tional day of mourning. I know this body continues to stand with all Amer-icans in appreciation for his inspiring example and in solidarity with the Bush family. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BERNARD L. M
CNAMEE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on a completely different matter, the Sen-ate is resuming our work this after-noon. Later today, we will vote to ad-vance the nomination of Bernard McNamee, the President’s choice to serve on the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission. This is an impressive nominee who has the right qualifications for this im-portant job. In his career as a well-re-garded lawyer on energy issues, he has represented clients and gained exper-tise all across the energy sector. He has helped clients build solar projects and natural gas facilities and get re-newable energy standards approved. In his own words, he said: ‘‘I have not just talked about fuel diversity and ‘all of the above’ energy policies; I have worked to help make them a reality.’’ Mr. McNamee has worked as an en-ergy policy expert at the Department of Energy, as well as right here in the Senate. FERC plays a pivotal role in ensuring our energy security and ena-bling prosperity. Among other respon-sibilities, the Commission is respon-sible for permitting important infra-structure investments such as pipelines and export terminals. Continuing with a deadlocked and understaffed Commis-sion could threaten the status of these investments and the jobs that revolve around them. Therefore, we need to confirm Mr. McNamee promptly. His obvious qualifications and his commitment to fairness and impar-tiality earned him a bipartisan vote out of the Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee last month with a favorable recommendation. I hope the same common sense will prevail today so we can move this nominee forward with the bipartisan vote he well de-serves. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. TOOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission for the remainder of the term expiring June 30, 2020. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 4 p.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, the Sen-ate is going to soon vote on the nomi-nation of Bernard McNamee to be a Commissioner of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. If Mr. McNamee takes a seat on the Commission, it will mean that Christ-mas is coming early for the executive who wants big, dirty energy bailouts. Mr. McNamee has had for some time a plan to bail out some of the oldest, dirtiest plants in America, and he wants typical Americans to pay for it with higher utility rates. That is right—a bailout for some of the dirti-est, oldest facilities—and a pretty small number of them at that—and then a big spike in rates for working families and seniors across the coun-try. We shouldn’t sugarcoat the McNamee plan. It is a rip-off, plain and simple. All of this doesn’t come out of thin air. Mr. McNamee, in fact, was directly responsible for this miserable proposal while he was at the Trump Energy De-partment. The plan was to interfere with utility companies’ private busi-ness decisions, to force them to actu-ally prevent utility companies from shutting down those dirty, old power-plants—some of them coal plants—even when the utilities wanted to move to cleaner, newer plants. So much for the free market. The utilities actually wanted to move to cleaner plants. Yet this would have prevented them from shutting down dirty, outdated plants to go to the more efficient, newer ones. So much for the free market. So much for protecting consumers. This proposal was so flawed that every member of the Commission joined in a vote to reject it. Let me re-peat that. Every member of the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission that Mr. McNamee is so eager to join voted against his plan to stick it to all the consumers with a rate spike. For a period, I chaired the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, and we always saw that, traditionally, if a flawed proposal gets met with enor-mous rejection, the typical person in a rational way says: Hey, we had better get back to the drawing board and take a different tack. That is not so with the Trump administration. The Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission wouldn’t green-light Mr. McNamee’s rate-hiking plan to prop up the executives at these dirty facilities. So the President wants to put Mr. McNamee on the inside and give him a seat on the FERC. I have to say that I haven’t seen anything like this sort of deliberate effort to hijack sound mar-ket-oriented principles that would nat-urally take you to cleaner power rath-er than to dirty old coal facilities. But what we have here is, in effect, an indi-vidual who has shown a track record of wanting to do the bidding of special in-terests. FERC is supposed to be an inde-pendent, apolitical energy regulator. As I said during the committee’s hearing on this nomination, this is not a question of the fox guarding the hen-house. This is a question of putting the fox inside the henhouse. That is what this will do if the Senate makes a flawed judgment to approve this nomi-nation. Several of us at the Energy Committee hearing—myself and other colleagues—asked Mr. McNamee if he would recuse himself from matters that he worked on that relate to this flawed bailout for dirty, outdated plants. He refused to commit to that. Since the hearing, new evidence of his energy policy biases has come to light in the form of video footage where he candidly expresses that he is just plain, old biased against renewable power. The video reveals Mr. McNamee speaking frankly about his skepticism of wind and solar power. He basically says: You shouldn’t regulate carbon di-oxide as a real pollutant. His com-ments, joined with his recent actions, which I have described as the ‘‘Trump Energy Department,’’ make it clear to me that he is not going to bring the ju-dicious, objective approach, if he is confirmed as FERC Commissioner, to these critical issues. He certainly is not in this to protect the American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.001 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7301 December 5, 2018 
consumer, because his policies would pick their pocket with higher rates. Finally, the nomination comes at a particularly troubling time, just after the scientists for the Federal Govern-ment released the ‘‘National Climate Assessment.’’ The report warned that without substantial and sustained measures to reduce emissions, climate change and worsening climate change would wreak havoc on our economy. Yet juxtapose or put right next to what the Federal scientists said about cli-mate change worsening and then say: Here is going to be a Trump nominee who, if chosen for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, is going to say: Let’s double down on support for the dirty, outdated facilities for gener-ating electricity. It doesn’t sound very viable to me in terms of our economic future. On the entire matter of confronting the immi-nent threat of climate change, I think we have to recognize that this adminis-tration is defying the will of the Amer-ican people. We are no longer talking about far-off theories. In Oregon and across the country, we have seen Americans watch fires get-ting bigger and hotter. They are rip-ping through populated areas. They are not your grandfather’s fires. In our part of the world, we saw a fire leap over the Columbia River. We have seen hurricanes making landfall with Bib-lical, unprecedented winds. Each year almost sets a new high mark for the hottest year on record. The policies that this nominee is ad-vancing are misguided. They would ac-celerate the problems that the sci-entists for the Federal Government cited last week. I will close by way of saying that what the scientists said last week is that dealing with cleaner, more effi-cient energy and promoting it is urgent business right now because there is no time for going backward. What the McNamee nomination is all about, in one concept, is this: It is going back-ward—backward to bailouts and back-ward to supporting dirty, outdated plants. We ought to be going forward. Mr. President and colleagues, I urge that this nominee be rejected. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor to urge my col-leagues to vote no on the nomination of Bernard McNamee to be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission. I thank my colleague from Or-egon for coming out here to explain why this nomination matters and why my colleagues on both sides of the aisle should turn it down. This is a very important time as we move forward on energy policy in the United States. I am pretty sure that my constituents probably already know what the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission does because, when it came to the Enron crisis, they had to count on the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission to make sure en-ergy markets were properly policed. In the end, the FERC did do that, pro-tecting consumers from what were un-just and unreasonable rates. However, the fact is that a lot of Americans don’t understand what the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion does. That is because the job of the Commission can range from over-seeing the reliability of the electricity grid to ensuring that wholesale elec-tricity and natural gas rates are just and reasonable. That was what we ar-gued in the Enron case. They were going to make utilities pay for 9 years on what were fraudulent contracts. We emphasized: How could fraudulent Enron contracts ever be just and rea-sonable if they had admitted to manip-ulating them? The Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission also oversees the licensing of hydroelectric dams and approves con-struction of natural gas pipelines. We also rely on FERC to protect the elec-tric and national gas markets, as I mentioned, from manipulation. After Enron, we ended up putting even stronger language in the law to make sure the definition of manipula-tion was clear and people were pro-tected. I remember my colleagues from Texas joining me in getting that lan-guage passed because they knew how much the Enron manipulation cost all of us and our economy. These are important responsibilities. The Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission deserves due diligence of their record done by Members of the Senate because FERC decisions affect many energy projects and how people will pay to heat their homes and keep the lights on. It is also about how we pro-tect our energy infrastructure for the future. Trust me, the number of cyberattacks that are going on in en-ergy, we want to exercise strong over-sight of these nominees. It is important that the Commission remain independent and impartial be-cause its role is quasi-judicial. Like judges, they need to be impartial, mak-ing decisions about important energy projects that get built around the United States. For this reason, one of the qualifica-tions written into the law creating the Commission is that members be ‘‘indi-viduals who, by demonstrated ability, background, training, or experience, are specially qualified to assess fairly the needs and concerns of all interests affected by Federal energy policy.’’ I would add that it is the duty of the Senate to make sure that these com-missions remain free from political in-fluence. I know that, from time to time, people have been on the Commis-sion and there have been issues about how those on the outside have tried to influence them. We must continue to make sure that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission remains above this kind of political influence and that they remain unbiased as decision mak-ers on these important policies. I be-lieve that this nominee, Mr. McNamee, does not meet this standard. I believe that he is too ideologically motivated to undertake a job where fact-based de-cision-making is essential to outcomes that affect people’s individual energy rates. The Commission has to police and regulate energy markets without re-gard for fuel source, market power, or political lens. I want to see Commis-sioners who have the words from the Federal Power Act of ‘‘just and reason-able rates’’ practically tattooed into their psyches. Why? It is the standard by which they should judge our na-tion’s energy projects. Like many of my colleagues, I have been troubled by this administration’s effort to try to subsidize high-cost, coal-fired power plants at the expense of American ratepayers. According to a July report by experts at the Brattle Group, the administration’s bailout plan would have cost consumers $34 bil-lion over 2 years. That would have been a $34 billion tax on American con-sumers. How would they have done that? By saying that you have to use coal-fired electricity as a way to keep the grid reliable. I disagreed with that. I would say, probably, many members of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee disagreed with that, and, clearly, members of the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission, as it is currently comprised, also disagreed with that. Why was there such an adamant re-action? It is almost as if you were say-ing that, instead of letting the market make these decisions, people were going to force utilities to do projects that included coal—forcing coal onto the grid, even though the renewable en-ergy was driving down costs and help-ing consumers to diversify. This is im-portant because the bailout proponents have argued that coal is needed to en-sure the grid is always working. When you look at this analysis, it does not hold up under the scrutiny. Trying to prop up uneconomical coal plants for the sake of the reliability of the grid is a fake rationale that the administra-tion tried to use, and it would have im-pacted the free market and consumers. I know that these rate increases would hurt manufacturers—because we have a lot of manufacturers in the State of Washington—who rely on af-fordable hydro to help drive down the cost of manufacturing. I think the cost of doing business and electricity rates all through the United States are going to be key issues for how we drive man-ufacturing competitiveness in the fu-ture. I certainly don’t want to see a mandate by this administration that you have to use coal and drive up the costs for that manufacturing base and our consumers. A fuel security report that was issued last month by the PJM Interconnec-tion, which extends from Pennsylvania to New Jersey and all way to Illinois, found that there was no need to prop 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.009 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7302 December 5, 2018 
up uneconomical power plants. They were confident that their grid—which is the world’s largest competitive wholesale electricity market—would remain reliable over the next 5 years without having this mandate to use coal-fired electricity. And this conclusion has nothing to do with the temperature outside. Even in a severe cold snap, the grid would continue to operate. In fact, the Wash-ington Examiner—hardly a newspaper from which I quote a lot on the Senate floor, but I am going to in this case— reported that the largest power grid operator dismisses the threat of coal and nuclear power plant closures. It was referring to this report. It was re-ferring to the PJM report that basi-cally says: No, we don’t have to worry about our grid reliability. This report dismisses the notion that the coal plant closures would somehow put us all at risk. People are asking: What does that proposal have to do with Mr. McNamee? As a senior political appointment at the Department of Energy, Mr. McNamee had a key role in promoting and defending this policy. He had a hand in ignoring the other experts at the DOE, who basically told him that his facts were wrong. He ignored the fact that this bailout proposal would place an undue burden on ratepayers and, as I mentioned, would impact our economy moving forward. He ignored the fact that we are seeing changes in clean energy markets—that they are cheaper and more effective than coal— and that this proposal, even though he continued to push it, was not going to help us keep an open and free elec-tricity market. Part of what the energy regulators do is to make decisions about projects moving forward that are based on what the market is bringing them. It is based on pure economics. Their job is to determine the return and the rates that would impact consumers. That is where the term ‘‘just and reasonable’’ comes into play. Their job is not to pick winners and losers in the market. Their job is to determine whether there will be just and reasonable rates for the individual consumers in those mar-kets. It is their job to make sure that there are not excessive prices but true competition in the market—not to favor a high-cost fuel source like coal and try to protect it from other fuel sources that might be more economical for consumers. As the Supreme Court has said, FERC is the guardian of the public in-terest in these matters. The duties of Commissioners is to protect the public interest, not the private interest, and they are to make sure there are fuel supplies for the future. I view this threat of really trying to disrupt the free market as one of the most important things we need to con-tinue to protect. Why? Because innova-tion shifts markets over time. We are trying to make decisions about distrib-uted energy, and there will be major discussions by the Federal Energy Reg-ulatory Commission on how to achieve that, particularly as we deal with the impacts of climate change. Our historic energy system is at an inflection point, but it doesn’t mean we should hold on to more expensive sources to generate electricity. It means that we should make sure that the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission does its job as a quasi-judicial arbiters and are not politically moti-vated or coming to issues with non market-based rate solutions. The fact the cost of wind has declined an incredible 69 percent over the last 9 years and solar a whopping 88 percent. If coal or nuclear costs had dropped that much, we would be having a dif-ferent conversation about their future, but it hasn’t. Even in States where coal has been a big part of the mix, building renewables is cheaper than keeping existing coal plants open. According to the Northern Indiana Public Service Company’s 2018 Inte-grated Resource Plan, they found that they could save their constituents $4 billion over 30 years by ramping down the amount of coal it uses from two- thirds of its generation today, to 15 percent by 2023, and by eliminating coal entirely by 2028. I would like to have taken Mr. McNamee at his word when he came be-fore the Senate’s Energy and Natural Resources Committee and said that he would be a ‘‘fair, objective, and impar-tial arbiter.’’ That is what you want from a Federal Energy Regulatory Commissioner. He also said that he would decide matters that would come before him based on the law and not based on politics. Yet, after his com-mittee hearing, which I still remain very concerned about, we asked further questions. And a video of a speech Mr. McNamee gave earlier in the year on fossil fuels surfaced. I believe it shows that he has a continued bias beyond the President’s asking him to draft a coal bailout. And he has tried to push it through the Federal Department of Energy even when scientists and others have told him that the facts just did not support the proposal. Mr. McNamee’s words reveal a very strong bias in favor of fossil fuels against renewable energy. For exam-ple, he claimed that fossil fuels were ‘‘key not only to our prosperity’’ but ‘‘to a clean environment.’’ And he con-tinued to make comments that, I think, are demonstrably false. Now, as a private citizen, he is free to say whatever he wants. Yet, when you are hired to put a report out and have sci-entists within the agency correcting your false information and you are continuing to push these ideas, I think it puts you in a different category. It is hard to believe that you will be quasi- judicial and a fair arbiter. I know that he has had many con-versations, and I include the informa-tion in the video. One of his most strik-ing statements is this: ‘‘The green movement’’ is in a ‘‘constant battle be-tween liberty and tyranny.’’ Then he said that his son should just deny cli-mate science even if it hurts the boy’s grades. These are not the words or sen-timents, I believe, of someone who is going to play that role of an arbiter for Federal energy regulatory policy. And these policies will come up be-fore the Commission. I know the ad-ministration plans on continuing to find ways to have coal mandated into the market instead of allowing the free market to take place. I want to make sure that the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission does not subject itself to some sort of bias in this proc-ess. If Mr. McNamee becomes a Federal Energy Regulatory Commissioner and if he continues to try to overturn rel-evant FERC decisions in court by argu-ing against these things, what kind of process will we see at the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission in re-sponse to his biases? To me, you have the threat of legal uncertainty. Projects could be put on hold. Investments could be further de-layed. Grid reliability rules could be impacted. Why? Is it because he is right? No, people already believe his previous statements have shown suffi-cient bias that would put in question his decisions on the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. These energy policies, particularly in the area of cyber security, are going to be so crit-ical for us to move forward on. Every day, our grid is impacted by these at-tacks by foreign entities. It is so im-portant that we get about the task of making our grid more reliable and bet-ter protected against cyber security, not getting weighed down in a bunch of arguments against someone who does not appear, in my opinion, to have that quasi-judicial approach of making sure that the market and market decisions are fair and reasonable and just and reasonable rates for consumers. All of this is particularly distressing as Mr. McNamee’s speech surfaced just days before the U.S. Global Change Research Program released its fourth quadren-nial report. Why is this important? Because the report showed the cost to the Federal Government and individual citizens of continued fossil fuel use. We all know that we need to have a diverse sources of energy. We know that we have to do better than what we are doing today. Yet, by pushing Mr. McNamee’s name forward, this administration is simply trying to hold onto the past. That approach could cost taxpayers trillions of dollars over the next few decades. The climate assessment basi-cally estimates that, if we do nothing, by the end of the century the impacts will cost the United States upward of a half trillion dollars a year in crop dam-age, labor loss, and extreme weather damages. We can’t afford that. We need to keep moving forward, and we need to let the market do its job. For over 40 years, an independent and impartial Federal Energy Regulatory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.010 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7303 December 5, 2018 
Commission has provided Americans with decades of fuel-neutral competi-tion, which has resulted, as I said, in those just and reasonable rates. Now, thankfully, technology advances are helping us to step up to new opportuni-ties while still having the Commission oversight, based on just and reasonable rates. The Commission is making sure that we are doing all that we can to hold down the costs to consumers and move things forward in energy mar-kets. I ask my colleagues to review the video and this nominee’s remarks in the video and to come to the Senate floor to vote against this nominee in the hopes that we can get someone else to take this job at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. I hope my col-leagues will realize the importance of this before it is too late and that we will move forward with someone who can help us continue to have a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Clearly, this is not viewed as just politics on our side. There are many people who are on the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission who have very strong political backgrounds. A few used to work right here in the Senate. So this is not about that. This is about somebody’s having the quasi-judicial mindset to review these issues and not advocate, at all costs, a market-erod-ing notion that utilities should be forced to purchase uncompetitive coal and raise rates on consumers. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, in a few moments, we are going to have an opportunity to vote on moving to proceed to the nominee for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. I come to the floor this afternoon to speak in support of that nominee, Mr. Bernard McNamee. Mr. McNamee has been nominated to serve on the FERC—the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission—to com-plete the remainder of the term that runs through June 30, 2020. The FERC is an independent agency within the Department of Energy. For a long period of time, nobody really paid much attention to the FERC or was quite sure what the mission was. The agency itself is one that has a very key and a very critical role within our country in that it regulates the elec-tricity, the hydropower, the natural gas, and the oil pipeline industries. That basically means that FERC plays a critical role in keeping the lights on and ensuring the deliverability of reli-able, safe, and affordable energy to American homes and businesses. The FERC really is key to so much of what goes on in the world of commerce and our economy. It is important that we move forward with this vote today. If we confirm Mr. McNamee, FERC will once again have a full complement of five Commis-sioners on that agency. This is some-thing we have worked hard to restore in this Congress for a period of time. The Commission was down to just three Commissioners. They have a lot of work to do. The responsibilities are hard. Making sure that they are at full speed must be a priority. It is nec-essary to enable the agency to address a substantial backlog of energy infra-structure project applications and deci-sions that are pending on a range of important energy matters. Let’s talk about the qualifications Mr. McNamee has to serve at the FERC. Over the course of his career, he served in the Federal Government, in-cluding here in the Senate and in two State governments. He has also worked in the energy practice group of a major law firm. As a result of his work and his experience, Mr. McNamee has a deep understanding of energy issues, and I think a clear appreciation of FERC’s mission. He has made a strong commitment to continue FERC’s role as an independent and an impartial regulator, which to me is key. He also knows that it is FERC’s duty to keep the lights on and not to carry out pol-icy decisions that are made by other parts of the Federal Government. His mission within the FERC is pretty well defined. There has been some discussion about Mr. McNamee’s prior position implementing policy during the brief tenure he had at the Department of En-ergy. This was at a time when the ad-ministration was considering whether it could provide economic relief to coal and nuclear powerplants. That has gen-erated its own level of discussion. Some have suggested that Mr. McNamee’s work at the Department raises questions about his independ-ence and have compared him to Ron Binz. Mr. Binz was a former nominee for FERC Chairman back in 2013. I would remind colleagues that there is a difference here. Back in 2013, when the Senate was considering Mr. Binz, in fairness, we didn’t actually have him up for consid-eration on the floor. Mr. Binz volun-tarily withdrew his nomination from consideration, and that was based on bipartisan concerns that were raised about substantive comments of his and the approach he took to recruit sup-port for his own nomination. I would rather not rehash history today, but I think there is a clear difference be-tween the two nominees, and I believe the concerns about Mr. McNamee’s independence are largely unfounded. First, the Department of Energy’s proposal to FERC on coal and nuclear plants was unanimously rejected by FERC just about a year ago. The Com-mission is currently not considering any other administration proposal to assist coal or nuclear powerplants. I think it is also wrong to suggest that because someone has experience implementing policy somewhere that they should be disqualified from any role as an independent regulator. In fact, in this Congress alone, we have al-ready confirmed two former Senate policy staff members to the Commis-sion. The first one was Neil Chatterjee, an individual many, many of us know. He previously served as the majority leader’s energy policy adviser. The sec-ond one was Mr. Rich Glick, who served as senior counsel to Senator C
ANTWELL on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee. Like Chairman Chatterjee and Mr. Glick, Mr. McNamee’s decisions as a Commissioner will not be contingent on the implementation of policy deci-sions in his prior roles. In private meetings and in his nomination hear-ing last month, Mr. McNamee repeat-edly committed to be fair, to be objec-tive, and to be an impartial arbiter in all of the cases that come before the Commission. He repeated this commit-ment in response to two rounds of questions for the record. I believe Mr. McNamee understands and understands well that FERC is an independent Agency and that it must continue to function as such. I take his commitment to uphold FERC’s auton-omy and maintain an independent role as a Commissioner at face value. I also expect him to be fuel-neutral and not a champion of one resource over another. As I mentioned, there is a lot of work that must go on at FERC. We need to have all five Commissioners in place to make sure that it happens. With a full set of Commissioners, FERC will be able to reduce or certainly work to re-duce its backlog of energy infrastruc-ture projects, including important nat-ural gas pipelines and LNG export ter-minals. If we are going to remain a pros-perous nation with strong growth and affordable energy, we need our inter-state pipeline network and our LNG fa-cilities to continue to meet customer demands for our natural gas. This resource serves a variety of crit-ical needs, ranging from keeping us warm to enabling our manufacturing renaissance and, increasingly, to fuel our electric grid. LNG exports also represent a signifi-cant opportunity for States like Alas-ka, scores of communities, and, look-ing abroad, for America’s friends and allies. FERC is also examining other impor-tant issues, including its regulations under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act—PURPA—the integration of energy storage onto the grid, and the impact of State policies on inter-state electricity markets. These issues are incredibly complex, and they have widespread implications for our econ-omy. Again, it is key, it is timely, and it is important that we have a full com-plement on the FERC. Mr. McNamee is well qualified to join the other Com-missioners in tackling these issues, and I urge all of my colleagues to support his nomination. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.011 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7304 December 5, 2018 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on leader time before we have a vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING GEORGE H .W. BUSH  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, this morning, the life and career of the 41st President of the United States was celebrated at the National Cathedral. Friends, family, former leaders of our country, and leaders from around the world gathered to pay tribute to a life spent in joyful service to our country and unfailing dedication to his family. I was there. It was a very moving and wonderful ceremony. The Senate now joins the rest of the country in mourning President George Herbert Walker Bush. 
NOMINATION OF BERNARD L . MCNAMEE  
Mr. President, now on another mat-ter—a less happy matter—at the con-clusion of my remarks, the Senate will vote on whether to consider the nomi-nation of Bernard McNamee to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion, or FERC. I staunchly oppose this nomination. Throughout his career, Mr. McNamee has been manifestly biased in favor of the fossil fuel industry and biased against renewable energy sources—so much so that one cannot believe he would be a fair arbiter on these issues at FERC. Mr. McNamee has called for ‘‘a uni-fied campaign’’ to support fossil fuels. As a policy official at the Department of Energy, he played a significant role in designing a coal and nuclear bailout program that was unanimously re-jected by FERC—hardly a liberal agen-cy—the agency he is nominated to join. When it comes to fossil fuel competi-tors, Mr. McNamee has expressed thoughts that only a real fossil fuel zealot could have. Not only has Mr. McNamee made numerous false claims about clean energy technologies, he has labeled support for renewable ener-gies ‘‘organized propaganda’’ and lik-ened its boosters to supporters of ‘‘tyr-anny.’’ At a time when our globe—with wildfires in California, with flooding and hurricanes—is totally being changed because of global warming, we are putting someone on FERC—or there is an intent to put someone on FERC who has the most regressive views we have seen come around in a very long time. Commissioners at FERC have mat-ters related to all types of energy brought before them. They are sup-posed to be nonpartisan. They are sup-posed to impartially oversee rates and reliability and delivery based on what is best for the American people, not deep-seated personal beliefs and cer-tainly not views that are so out of touch with so many people. My guess is that maybe only a hand-ful of Republicans agree with him on his views that are so regressive. I see my friend from Iowa here. What this guy said about wind and things like that are way off the charts. Just a few weeks ago, the Trump ad-ministration itself released a report on climate change outlining its current impact and the devastating and dire consequences we will see if actions are not taken. That was not our report; that was the Trump administration’s report. So now would be an awful time to elevate someone to our chief energy regulator who is so clearly biased against renewable sources of energy, such as wind and solar. I strongly urge—fervently urge—my colleagues to oppose this nomination. I yield the floor. f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pend-ing cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 30, 2020. Mitch McConnell, Johnny Isakson, Mike Rounds, Thom Tillis, Mike Crapo, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Tim Scott, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Cory Gardner, Tom Cotton, Jerry Moran, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for the re-mainder of the term expiring June 30, 2020, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 253 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Tillis 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50 and the nays are 49. The motion is agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR AARON HOUSE  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am here to talk for a few minutes about Major House and the work he has done in our office. We have benefited for the last several years from a military detailee being on the Intelligence Committee and on the Defense Appropriations Committee and having significant mili-tary installations in our State, as many of us do, but we certainly have those in Missouri. It has been valuable having MAJ Aaron House with them. Major House has been a great re-source on a number of important na-tional security issues in our office. The knowledge and experience he has gained as a U.S. Army Reserve officer have helped inform our discussions on defense issues critical to Missouri and critical to the country. Aaron was born in Plattsburgh, NY, on the shores of Lake Champlain. He joined the Army in 2001. He first served as an enlisted soldier for 3 years and then as a commissioned officer after that. He has served in both the Engi-neer Corps and the Finance Corps. He deployed to Iraq, where he conducted rapid crater repair, route clearance, and construction operations. His most recent assignment before joining our office was with the joint staff working as an analyst for the Office of the Comptroller in Defense. He is extremely well educated and holds a bachelor of science in manufac-turing management from Clarkson University in New York, a master of science in human relations and busi-ness from Amberton University in Texas, and he has both a master of business administration and a master of public administration from Syracuse University in New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.003 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7305 December 5, 2018 
He comes with all of that back-ground. Combining that with his back-ground in finance, he has been criti-cally important to us as we move through a number of important projects this year. He has been able to devote a lot of time to gathering and analyzing data on historical military construction projects as we move for-ward on those projects. He has provided knowledgeable rec-ommendations on a host of foreign pol-icy issues as well. He was very involved in the last year in Colombia, where Senator C
ARDIN and I cochaired an ef-fort with the Atlantic Council to look at moving Peace Colombia to Plan Co-lombia and then looking at that again now that the Colombian Government has changed. We have looked at some things that involved Australia and China and Russia, just to name a few of the areas where Major House has been helpful in our office. On veterans issues, he has been help-ful as we try to connect veterans with the resources they need and the bene-fits they have every right to have, but they sometimes have a hard time ac-cessing those benefits. Having him in the office has been an asset. It has been a pleasure for me and our entire staff. I certainly wish him all the best in the next chapter of his military career. He and his wife Mindy have three daughters. They have a newborn son. So even in that year he was with us, they added a fourth child at their house. His family and friends who sup-port him and the sacrifices he and his family—his immediate family—make to serve are deeply appreciated by us. He has been a real benefit to the coun-try. He has been a particular benefit to the Missourians whom I get to work for. I am grateful to have had him this year and will again say that this is a program that really is beneficial to the Senate. I hear from our past detailees over the years that it was an incredible op-portunity for them to understand how the Congress works from the perspec-tive of each of our offices and makes a valuable addition to what they take to their next assignment and every future assignment. I think the Chief of Staff for the President spent some substantial time in this building representing the Army and said he was the most knowledge-able guy in the Army when it came to talking about issues that he learned right here and how to work with and provide information and advice to Con-gress. We are glad Major House has been with us, appreciative of the program, look forward to welcoming our next detailee soon, and wish Major House and his family great success as they move forward. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
NOMINATION OF BERNARD L . MCNAMEE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here today to express my extremely grave concerns about the person we have just begun to move to a vote to the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission. He would be Commissioner McNamee if we were to confirm him. This is in an administration that has distinguished itself with terrible en-ergy appointments—conceivably the worst. It is too important to our coun-try to have an independent and reality- based Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission to allow an industry plant like Mr. McNamee—who will never be inde-pendent, who will always have his thumb on the scale for the vested in-terests—get onto the Federal Regu-latory Commission. In addition to the bad decisions he will make because he will be trying to throw decisions for the fossil fuel in-dustry, he will also create an enormous amount of litigation because people who come before a Federal administra-tive agency are entitled to an honest look at their claims, and if the regu-latory agency is incapable of giving them that honest look, that is grounds for appeal. McNamee is a walking failure of any honest look at any question in which the fossil fuel industry—and specifi-cally the coal industry—has an inter-est. Sadly, his position isn’t just a question of a personal failing; he comes out of a system, and I am going to take some time to describe the system he comes out of. No one less than our late friend Sen-ator John McCain was once asked in an interview: Why has it taken so long for Congress to address climate change? Katie Couric was the interviewer. She asked: Why has it taken so long, Senator? 
Here was John McCain’s answer: 
Special interests. It is the special inter-ests. It is the utility companies and the pe-troleum companies and other special inter-ests. They are the ones that have blocked progress in the Congress of the United States and the administration. That is a little straight talk. 
The way these industries work is kind of interesting. They figured out pretty early on that if they are a big power company or a big coal company or any big fossil fuel polluter and they come forward into a debate and make their argument as ExxonMobil, as Koch Industries, as Murray coal, people will immediately discount what they are saying because people will understand that the companies have a massive conflict of interest, that they have the massive conflict of interest of wishing to continue to pollute for free. So they have set up this whole array of front groups to disguise that it is truly the fossil fuel industry whose hands are pulling our strings. We came to the floor some time ago— a considerable number of the Demo-cratic Senators—to point out this co-ordinated, phony, false-front, fossil- fuel-funded operation, and we made the phony front group so mad that they ac-tually sent a letter disputing that they were a coordinated group of phony fronts by putting all their phony names together on a single letterhead, arguing that they weren’t coordinated together in a letter in which they most obviously were coordinated together. That is how upset they were when the mischief they are up to was pointed out. This was groups like Americans for Tax Reform; ALEC; Cascade Policy In-stitute; CFACT; Competitive Enter-prise Institute; I love this name—the Franklin Center for Government and Public Integrity, which has nothing to do with Ben Franklin and even less to do with public integrity; Georgia Pub-lic Policy Foundation; Heritage Foun-dation; the notorious Heartland Insti-tute, which distinguished itself by put-ting up billboards equating climate sci-entists to the Unabomber—classy group, that Heartland; the so-called James Madison Institute, which has nothing to do with James Madison. These groups love to steal the names of historic figures to try to give them-selves a little bit of initial credence. There is also a John Locke Founda-tion—historians will know how impor-tant John Locke was to the founding of this country; the MacIver Institute; Kansas Policy Institute; Montana Pol-icy Institute; NPRI; PRI; Pelican Insti-tute; Rio Grande Foundation; Virginia Institute; and, of course, a Yankee In-stitute for Public Policy. This whole piece of public relations and propaganda machinery is an ongo-ing disgrace, and there are some folks who have been looking at it pretty hard recently and saying some pretty rough stuff about it. I would like to start with two recent articles by Paul Krugman. He is no fool. He won a Noble Prize for econom-ics. He begins by noting what every-body who studies this already knows: Climate change poses a major threat to the nation, and some of its adverse effects are al-ready being felt. 
He goes on to say: 
There are almost no good-faith climate change deniers. 
I think he is accurate about that. I think there are almost no good-faith climate change deniers because, to use his phrase, ‘‘denying science for profit’’ has become such a constant activity, as shown by this whole array of phony, fossil-fuel-funded organizations. He goes on to describe some of the history. ‘‘Climate denial’’—I am quoting here—‘‘actually follows in the footsteps of . . . the long campaign by tobacco companies to confuse the pub-lic about the dangers of smoking.’’ I have given several speeches about this on the Senate floor. The apparatus that the tobacco companies used to confuse the public about the dangers of tobacco morphed into a bigger, more cleverly hidden, and better funded ap-paratus but basically started with the same route that the fossil fuel industry took to confuse the public about the dangers of its product in the same way that the tobacco industry tried to con-fuse the public about the dangers of its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.008 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7306 December 5, 2018 
product. The tobacco scheme was so fraudulent that they were actually found liable for fraud in Federal court—not just at the trial court level but upheld at the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. He goes on to say: 
Every one of the handful of well-known sci-entists who have expressed climate skep-ticism has received large sums of money from these companies or from dark money conduits like Donors Trust. 
And, of course, it also flows through those phony front groups whom I de-scribed who wrote back to us to deny that they were coordinated phony front groups. ‘‘Climate denial is rooted in greed,’’ Paul Krugman continues, because it is paid for by the fossil fuel industry. Then he comes back the very next week with a second article, still on the same theme, bewailing the fact that the Republican Party has ‘‘committed itself to denying the facts on climate change; that it is now ‘‘completely dominated by climate deniers’’ and ‘‘hostile to science in general.’’ He describes the importance of cli-mate denial and the weaponized fake news and the relentless propaganda as being—to use his words, ‘‘Climate de-nial, you might say, was the crucible in which the essential elements of Trumpism were formed.’’ Denying facts, repeating lies incessantly, ma-nipulating the public debate, delivering weaponized fake news through unreli-able sites, and poisoning the public de-bate with nonsense is how I would gen-erally describe what he was describing. He says: 
Conspiracy theorizing has long been stand-ard practice among climate deniers. And these are the organizations that prop-agate those conspiracy theories. 
He goes on: 
Most prominent climate deniers are basi-cally paid to take that position, receiving large amounts of money from fossil-fuel companies. 
He says: 
If we fail to meet the challenge of climate change, with catastrophic results. . . . it will be a disaster brought on by corruption, will-ful ignorance, conspiracy theorizing and in-timidation. 
And this question of corruption isn’t just coming from the left. There is a free market think tank called Niskanen Center, and Will Wilkinson from that institute just wrote a piece about what he called the ‘‘spiraling cri-sis of American corruption,’’ which in-cludes the ‘‘failure to require financial transparency of those who would . . . fix our fates.’’ All of these groups hide who their donors are. There is no finan-cial transparency because they are fronts for the fossil fuel industry, and if they reported all the money they got from them, their purpose as front groups evaporates. Creating, Will Wilkinson continues, ‘‘a class of rich and powerful miscreants who profit by gnawing away at the rule of law.’’ God forbid we should have real hear-ings on climate change, that there should be legislative rule of law. God forbid that we should get honest deci-sions out of EPA based on the science under rule of law. No. None of that. All of that goes under the wind so that rich and powerful miscreants of the fossil fuel industry can get their way. Their pooled wealth, Wilkinson con-tinues, can be deployed to keep them in the money, and that is what is going on, creating—and I think this is a real-ly pointed phrase—in our country ‘‘a doom loop of corruption, distrust and institutional degeneration.’’ What our friend Senator McCain said was the mischief of the special inter-ests in stopping climate action—this is how it is done—through secret money, dark money, front groups, phony prop-aganda, all backed up with fossil fuel industry political muscle. It is sickening, and this guy McNamee comes smack out of one of these groups—the Texas Public Policy Foundation. The Texas Public Policy Foundation has received more than $31⁄2million from Koch-related foundations—this is Koch Industries, not Coke the drink; I don’t want to disparage the wrong Coke—Koch Industries and Koch broth-ers-related foundations between 1998 and 2017—$3
1⁄2million. It also received about $1.5 million from Donors Trust. Donors Trust is an entity that has no business purpose. It is set up to iden-tity-launder donations. So if you don’t want somebody to know that ExxonMobil is funding you, ExxonMobil gives the money to Donors Trust, and Donors Trust gives the money to exactly who ExxonMobil told them to because it is donor directed, and now you can report: Guess what. I got my money from Donors Trust, not ExxonMobil. No business purpose. It simply sells transparency out, brings obscurity in, and is a dark money con-duit for big special interests. It really is a disgrace. This guy comes out of this world. By the way, there was $100,000 from ExxonMobil also, because they don’t hide all their money, which goes into the Texas Public Policy Foundation. The last contribution from the Texas Public Policy Foundation to the Trump’s nominee pool was a woman named Kathleen Hartnett White, who did such a horrendous job in the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee, showed such ignorance of environ-mental matters, and had no clue that carbon dioxide actually reacts chemi-cally with water and is acidifying the oceans—that is science you can do in a high school lab. It is incredibly simple. I have done it here on the Senate floor with one of those bubbler stones for an aquarium and my own breath and our glass of water. To not know that car-bon dioxide acidifies the ocean is ap-pallingly ignorant. She also didn’t know how much climate change and the warming atmosphere was warming the oceans. Well, it is more than 90 per-cent of the excess heat trapped by greenhouse gases that have gone into the oceans. The oceans are warming at such a rate that if you took the explosive power of a nuclear weapon—the Hiro-shima nuclear bomb—and converted 100 percent of that energy into heat, you would have to be setting off multiple bombs per second in our oceans to match how fast climate change is warming our oceans. You can measure that with thermometers. This is not complicated. It was too much for her. She couldn’t figure it out. When oceans warm, they rise, be-cause oceans expand. Warm water ex-pands as it warms. This is basic phys-ics—no clue. This you can measure es-sentially with yardsticks. You can measure it at the tide gauges that NOAA and the Navy have run in some cases for a century. This is the world he comes out of. This is the infiltration of the fossil fuel front groups and Koch Industries into what used to be legiti-mate institutions of government. What really kills me is that McNamee, at one point talking about climate science, said: There’s an organized propaganda cam-paign. . . . The problem is, it’s taken hold . . . and there is a lot of money behind this. 
Well, he is describing something very accurately, but it is not the scientists all across this country, in every one of our home State universities, working on studying and teaching climate science. This is called projection. It is the rhetorical device where you take the sin that you are most obviously guilty of and immediately accuse your adversary of it, so that when you are caught, it looks like it is a tie of mu-tual criticisms. As Paul Krugman said in one of his pieces, ‘‘Projection much?’’ Indeed. I will close by talking about this guy’s effort to prop up coal through these completely bogus power protec-tion plans that have come out of the Department of Energy on his watch and that he has defended here. Even the Trump appointees to FERC threw these dumb things out. They were so bad, totally violating the Federal Power Act. But he was for them. He has said that if you don’t preserve coal, you risk resilience and security on the grid. That is a question that FERC is going to be looking at. He ought to recuse himself on this. He has refused to recuse himself on this, but I will tell you there are people who say that it is actually working the other way. Here is an article: ‘‘Powering into the Future: Renewable Energy & Grid Reliability.’’ 
In addition, renewable energy can strengthen the grid. . . . contributing to ca-pacity and resource adequacy, maintaining local voltage and frequency performance, minimizing grid disturbances, providing grid balancing services, and creating a more flexible and diverse generation fleet. 
Do you think they are going to get a fair chance in front of this guy when they come to FERC? Here is another headline: ‘‘Renewable microgrids can enhance grid resil-ience.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.013 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7307 December 5, 2018 
Here is another one: Against ‘‘phys-ical risk and cyber-attacks . . . the electric grid have made renewable en-ergy sources more attractive.’’ They are more attractive when you measure for protecting against physical risk and cyber attacks. They ‘‘can add a layer of protection from physical dam-age to the grid.’’ It is not coal. Here is a report out of Texas sug-gesting that the State’s power produc-tion can be made more reliable by the addition of solar and wind renewables. Here is an article, headlined: ‘‘Solar energy is better than coal for national security infrastructure—says Depart-ment of Energy.’’ I would love to know how McNamee let this get by him. This is his Department of Energy telling the truth because nobody seems to notice. ‘‘Deloitte: The case for renewables has never been stronger’’—in part be-cause ‘‘wind and solar power are now viewed as a solution to grid bal-ancing,’’ says Deloitte, ‘‘while placing downward pressure on electricity prices.’’ Solar and wind are ‘‘placing downward pressure’’ on solar and wind prices, and they ‘‘have also dem-onstrated an ability to strengthen grid resilience and reliability and provide essential grid services.’’ So give me a break about this ‘‘coal needs to defend the grid’’ nonsense. That was cooked up probably by these phony-baloney front groups as an ex-cuse to continue to sell their polluting product. The Deloitte report itself, in the ex-ecutive summary says: ‘‘[U]tilities are beginning to demonstrate how distrib-uted, renewable generation in a microgrid setting can be a cost-effec-tive alternative to traditional [trans-mission and distribution]’’ alternatives and protect the grid that way and ‘‘that [independently owned utilities] are exploring opportunities to enhance resilience through strategic renewable integration.’’ Integrating renewables strategically improves grid resilience. Here is the clincher: ‘‘Various [independently owned utilities]’’ will need ‘‘regulatory license to innovate.’’ ‘‘Whether those reforms will drive innovation fast enough to keep consumers’ lights on during future catastrophic weather events’’ is yet to be determined. So here they are saying that getting renewables will help to keep people’s lights on, but how are they ever going to get a fair hearing from this guy who pretends, based on phony-baloney front group information, that it takes coal grants to keep the grid secure when all these reports show that just plain isn’t true? It is nonsense. The worst of all and the closer for him was that he was on the 2009 transi-tion team for Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli when he was elected attor-ney general of Virginia. I am really honored that our depart-ing Senator from Florida happens to be here on the floor today, because he and I are both graduates of the University of Virginia. There was a scientist at the University of Virginia named Mi-chael Mann. He was a climate scientist. He is the guy who did what became known as the hockey stick graph, which showed carbon emissions and then boom, up it goes—like the blade of a hockey stick—at the beginning of the Industrial Revolution. So how did the fossil fuel industry react to that? Did they engage him in scientific debate? No, they tried to get him fired. They sent their front groups out to attack his emails to try to get into his emails so they could mock him and set their trolls to work on him. Our university, the University of Vir-ginia, had to fight Attorney General Cuccinelli and take him all the way to the Virginia Supreme Court where his bogus effort to harass and intimidate a climate scientist was finally, once and for all, thrown out by the Supreme Court of the State of Virginia. It was one of the lowest points in rule of law in the history of this country when an attorney general is using his powers of office to flack for an industry that sup-ported him to try to damage the rep-utation and career of a climate sci-entist because the science was not showing what the industry wanted. Their solution was to go after the scientist and try to ruin his reputa-tion. It was a disgrace, and this guy was on his transition team. Give me a break. If we can’t do better than this, we should all be ashamed of ourselves. I yield the floor. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, would the Senator yield for a question? The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Would the Senator yield for a question? Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Of course. Mr. NELSON. I say to my friend, the Senator from Rhode Island, would it be fair to sum up the Senator’s statement of what is happening to the planet by saying that the additional heat is pro-hibited from radiating out into space and is trapped by the greenhouse gases, 90 percent of which is absorbed by the oceans, and as the ocean water heats up, the volume rises, and thus, sea lev-els rise, and there is an increased heat-ing up of the entire Earth’s tempera-ture; is that a true statement? Mr. WHITEHOUSE. That is a very true statement, and I would add that there are very few transcendent mo-ments that take place here in the tem-ple of mammon, where big special in-terests throw their weight around, but one of them that I have been privileged to be here for was the Senator from Florida, Mr. N
ELSON , talking about his time in space in a NASA spaceship and looking down on this Earth, not seeing red States or blue States, not seeing sectarian differences or differences among countries, not seeing national boundaries, but seeing us as the small globe spinning through the void that we are. It is a moment I will never for-get. When you look at that and think of that message that he brought and think that we are busily doing every-thing we can to ruin the balance of the systems upon which we depend because we will not say no to the biggest and most muscling and remorseless indus-try that probably has ever stalked the halls of this building, it is such a na-tional tragedy that this would happen in the United States of America. The whole world will suffer for our failing. The finger will end up pointing at us because the story will come out— and it is coming out already—about fossil fuel money and influence and their threats and hidden money and the front groups and the whole piece of stinking machinery in which they op-erate. So the contrast between the Sen-ator’s transcendent view of the globe from space and the foul politics of this industry that we experience here every day is one of the great discrepancies that is hard for me to take into my heart. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, would the Senator yield for a further ques-tion? Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Yes. Mr. NELSON. I say to the Senator from Rhode Island, since it is docu-mented over time that the average an-nual temperature of the Earth is rising and we see in statistics the measure-ments of temperature, is it not true that scientists tell us that there is a temperature some 4 degrees-plus Fahr-enheit more beyond which there is no return for the Earth continuing to heat? Is that a true statement? Mr. WHITEHOUSE. That is a true statement. The scientists of the world have more or less reached consensus that that 2 degrees Centigrade increase is one we do not want to go beyond because it could set in force further consequences that would accelerate the problem—for instance, large amounts of frozen Arc-tic methane or undersea methane let-ting loose. We already see lakes that bubble in Canada and Russia from methane melt-ing up through them. They are meth-ane bubbles, not air bubbles. If that ac-celerates, there can be a feedback loop in which the input we have done re-leases more greenhouse gases, which, in turn, makes more greenhouse gases and more temperature and more green-house gases and up you go. Of course, a lot of that goes into the oceans, and nobody knows better than Florida what that is doing along your coasts to people’s property. So you don’t have to wait to hit 2 degrees Centigrade. Right now the safe opinion is that 1.5 degrees Centigrade is all we can afford. The risk that you are wrong is enough to justify trying to stop at 1.5 degrees Centigrade. Why not be safe when you are dealing with our planet? Even well before then, in your State, we are seeing what is going on and we are seeing the daytime flooding. You and I have been walking around in boots on sunny days as the tide comes washing in where it has never been be-fore—these king tides. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.016 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7308 December 5, 2018 
We have groups like Freddie Mac— which is not exactly a leftwing, green organization—warning that because of this, there is a significant chance of there being a coastal property value crash along our coasts as that danger of sea level rise backs into the insur-ance and the mortgage that you need to be able to buy a house. If you can’t insure your house or can’t mortgage your house—let me put it another way; if the next person to buy your house can’t get insurance or a mortgage, good luck getting a good price on your house. That is it. They predicted it could be as bad as the 2008 mortgage meltdown. It is happening now, and we think that 1.5 to 2 degrees Centigrade that scientists say is a tipping point, with 2 degrees as a clear point of no return where these knock-on consequences will begin to move us out of control— we can’t stop it at that point. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, if the Senator will further yield just for a concluding statement, the Senator from Rhode Island has outlined exactly what is happening in the State of Flor-ida with the rising sea levels, the in-trusion of saltwater into the fresh water, the ferocious and highly intense hurricanes. He has also outlined the threat to property values and the nor-mal financial commerce of building buildings and houses that now, along the coastline, may well be threatened in the near future. I thank the Senator for his recitation this evening. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I thank the dis-tinguished Senator from Florida. He has been a particularly dear friend in our years here together. We sat next to each other on the Intel-ligence Committee, and I was able to see in that classified session his ex-traordinary skill as an examiner and cross-examiner of witnesses. He usually began by saying ‘‘I am just a country lawyer from Florida,’’ and everybody on the Intelligence Committee knew when they heard that, it was time to pay attention because something really good was about to happen. This coun-try lawyer knew how to get to the bot-tom of things in a hurry. His work to protect his home State has been nothing less than inspiring to me, and I appreciate it. If there is one thing we can say is hopeful in all of this mess—on the other side of this building, there are going to be gavels that go into the hands of a party that is not controlled by the fossil fuel in-dustry, and there are going to be in-quiries and subpoenas and questions and witnesses, and a lot of what I am talking about is going to become very apparent to the American people. The coverup of the role of the fossil fuel industry and putting people like McNamee into these positions is going to be exposed. I yield. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. REMEMBERING GEORGE H .W. BUSH  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I have a couple of subjects to talk about, and the first one is that all of us in the Senate have just attended a most mov-ing State funeral in the National Ca-thedral for the late President George H.W. Bush. There have been many accolades, and so much of it was said so beautifully, so eloquently, and so movingly today by the speakers at the service. I just want the Senate record to reflect one little vignette that I think underscores the kind of compassion and goodness of the man, George H.W. Bush. Many years ago, when this Senator was a young Congressman, I had the privilege of serving with former Sen-ator and then-Congressman Claude Pepper, a fellow who had risen to the heights of political power in the 1930s during the Depression, became a cham-pion of the little people, and then, as he transitioned to the House of Rep-resentatives, became known as ‘‘Mr. Senior Citizen’’ and the protector of Medicare and Social Security. Many times in the Reagan adminis-tration, he was a constant irritant to the Presidential administration. Those two Irishmen knew they had their dif-ferences, but they knew when to set aside their differences for the sake of the country. That, too, was carried over by the then-Vice President who became Presi-dent—President Bush. An example of George Bush’s humanity was in the late 1980s. The Florida delegation got an emergency call to go to Walter Reed army hospital because it was the final hours for Senator, then-Congressman, Claude Pepper. By the time we got to the hospital, they were proceeding to get Claude into a wheelchair. He had come out of a deep sleep—very possibly a coma—and he was being wheeled into the waiting room. Who should appear but President George H.W. Bush and Mrs. Bush be-cause the word had gotten to them that Claude Pepper was about to pass on from this life into the heavenly life. The President decided to make that a real occasion, so he joined everybody who had gathered about Senator Pep-per. Claude was actually the master of ceremonies, greeting everybody and in-troducing this one to the other one: Mr. President, this is so-and-so. It was an extraordinary scene. President Bush, who knew this fellow was his political opponent, but he had been such a substantial part of Amer-ican political history, said: Claude, I have something I want to produce and I want to present to you on behalf of a grateful Nation, on behalf of your pub-lic service. President Bush bent down and put around Senator Pepper’s neck the Medal of Freedom. Naturally, there wasn’t a dry eye among those of us who were there. It is another little vignette in the life of George H.W. Bush that shows the hu-manity, the care, and the concern for his fellow man that was exhibited that day in Walter Reed army hospital. I wanted to share that little vignette, which is appropriate today after such a moving service over at the National Cathedral. 
VOTING RIGHTS  
Mr. President, I rise to speak about the importance of the sacred right to vote. In the tumultuous days of the 1960s, on a hot afternoon, I watched as a law student on a grainy black-and-white TV as Dr. King delivered his memo-rable ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial. His soaring, spiritually laced speech chal-lenged us to commit our lives to ensur-ing that the promises of American de-mocracy were available, not just for the privileged few but for ‘‘all of God’s children, black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics.’’ ‘‘Now is the time,’’ Dr. King urged, ‘‘to make real the promises of democ-racy.’’ He stressed that the central promise made to the citizens in a democracy is the right to vote and to have that vote counted. Half a century has passed, and our country has changed with the times, but one thing has not changed. The right to vote for ‘‘all of God’s children’’ in America is still under assault. Unbelievably, we are not so very far from the problems of 1963. Despite the passage of time and landmark civil and voting rights legislation, five decades later there is still considerable voter suppression in this country. In fact, several States have recently enacted restrictive laws cutting back voting hours on nights and weekends, elimi-nating same-day registration, and basi-cally making it harder for people to vote. Standing between a citizen and the voting booth is a direct contradiction to the vision of equality put forth by the Founding Fathers. In 1776, they de-clared that all men were created equal, but many in our country had to wait another 94 years before the 15th Amendment to the Constitution grant-ed citizens the right to vote—though not all citizens. Ratified in 1870, the amendment states: 
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or previous condition of ser-vitude. . . . The Congress shall have the power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation. 
But it still took another 50 years be-fore women in America were allowed to vote. After her arrest for casting a bal-lot in the Presidential election of 1872, Susan B. Anthony delivered a number of speeches in Upstate New York on women’s suffrage. In those speeches, she noted that the right of all citizens to vote in elections is key to a func-tioning democracy. Specifically, one line from her speech stands out: ‘‘And it is a downright mockery to talk to women of their en-joyment of the blessings of liberty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.014 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7309 December 5, 2018 
while they are denied the use of the only means of securing them by pro-viding the democratic-republican gov-ernment—the ballot.’’ After the passage of the 19th Amend-ment granting women the ballot, it took another 45 years before our Na-tion belatedly enacted the Voting Rights Act of 1965, intended to guar-antee every U.S. citizen the right to vote. Does this principle really hold true in practice? The continued voter suppression of which I speak may not be as blatant as it once was with Jim Crow laws and poll taxes and literacy tests and the like, but it is still very much with us. In recent years, it is obvious that hurdles have once again been placed between the voting booth and the young and minority. A devastating blow was dealt by the U.S. Supreme Court when it gutted the Voting Rights Act as recently as 2013. Our Nation’s highest Court struck down a central provision of the law that had been used to guarantee fair elections in this country since the midsixties, which has included the guarantee of elections in my State of Florida since that time. Congress passed the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to protect our right to vote. It required States with histories of voter suppression to get Federal ap-proval before changing their voting laws. For nearly five decades, the States had to prove to the Department of Justice why a change was necessary and demonstrate how that change would not harm voters and their right to vote. In a 5-to-4 decision, the Court de-clared that part of the law was out-dated. Essentially, it rendered a key part of the law void until a bitterly partisan and gridlocked Congress can come up with a new formula for deter-mining which States and localities need advance approval to amend their right-to-vote laws. The majority of the Court justified its ruling by pointing out that we no longer had the blatant voter suppression tactics that had been once used to disenfranchise voters across the country. I vigorously disagree because remov-ing much needed voter protections also prevents the Federal Government from trying to block discriminatory State laws before they go into effect. In es-sence, States and local jurisdictions are now legally free to do as they please. In fact, just moments after that Supreme Court decision, the Texas at-torney general said his State would begin immediately honoring local leg-islation that imposed, in the words of a Federal court, ‘‘strict and unforgiving burdens’’ on many Texans who attempt to cast a ballot. As has been noted, the right to vote was not always given to all American adults, but our laws adjusted as we be-came a more mature and tolerant de-mocracy, but the reverse is what is happening in America today. Since the 2010 election, in addition to cutting back on early voting, North Carolina, Ohio, Wisconsin, and Florida have approved voting restrictions that, according to some experts, are targeted directly at reducing turnout among young, low-income, and minority vot-ers who traditionally vote Democrat. In 2011, the Florida Legislature and State officials reduced the number of early voting days. It reduced them from 2 weeks down to 8 days, including very conveniently canceling the Sun-day right before the Tuesday election— a day that historically had seen heavy African-American and Hispanic voting. State officials countered that reg-istered voters would still have the same number of hours and that they could still vote early, only in 8 days in-stead of in 2 weeks. Well, it didn’t work out that way. Florida also made voting harder for people who had recently moved to an-other county and had an address change, such as college students. It also subjected voter registration groups to penalties and fines if they made mistakes or they didn’t turn them in within a certain number of hours. These laws were so burdensome that the League of Women Voters chal-lenged these provisions in Federal court, and they won. Judges found that Florida’s 2011 reduction of early voting ‘‘would make it materially more dif-ficult for some minority voters to cast a ballot.’’ As a result, Florida had to restore 96 hours of early voting. Even with these added protections, the next election in 2012 was a fiasco. Lines outside polling places were pro-hibitively long, with some people wait-ing up to 8 hours to cast their votes. This year’s 2018 midterm election brought added difficulties in Florida and across the country. This year, in Broward County, FL, ballot design caused over 30,000 people to miss voting in the U.S. Senate race because they didn’t see it buried in the lower left- hand column under the instructions in English, Spanish, and Creole. In North Dakota, the Republican State Legislature moved to require res-idential addresses in order to be able to register to vote. This move was widely seen as an attempt to prevent Native Americans, which is a Democratic- leaning constituency, from voting since many of them used post office boxes to get their mail on reservations. In North Carolina, nearly 20 percent of early voting locations were closed this year because many of them simply couldn’t meet the burdensome require-ments imposed by the State legisla-ture. There being absentee ballots that were stolen or missing and were never delivered has prompted a Federal in-vestigation for fraud. In our neighboring State of Georgia, the Republican candidate for Governor was the sitting secretary of State and was responsible for administering his own election. His office pursued aggres-sive policies that made it measurably harder for many people to vote, par-ticularly African Americans and other minorities. So, in light of this evidence and fol-lowing a widespread public outcry, what can we do now? As I had said ear-lier, it may not be as obvious as poll tactics and all of the other blockades to voting. We have seen a lot of that in the past, particularly by all of the marches and so forth during the 1970s civil rights era. It might not be as ob-vious, but there are all of these subtle attempts. So what should we do? I submit that though the problem is complex, the solution, the answer, is relatively simple. As Americans who cherish the right to vote, we must turn to those schemers and say: ‘‘There is a promise of democracy that we will not allow you to break.’’ We have an obli-gation to keep this promise of democ-racy for our children. There are bright spots we should cel-ebrate. In my State of Florida, voters, overwhelmingly this year, approved a ballot initiative that will restore the right to vote to nearly a million and a half individuals who have been con-victed of nonviolent felonies and have served their time. This is a positive step. Congress may be dysfunctional, but we must continue to push law-makers for a fix to the Voting Rights Act that the Supreme Court struck down on a divided 5-to-4 vote—to the provision that I spoke about. We ought to be making it easier to vote, not harder. Keep in mind what President John-son said one-half century ago: ‘‘The vote is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injustice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men.’’ Also, remember what Dr. King said: 
So long as I do not firmly and irrevocably possess the right to vote, I do not possess myself. I cannot make up my mind—it is made up for me. I cannot live as a demo-cratic citizen, observing the laws I have helped to enact—I can only submit to the edict of others. 
That is what Dr. King said. So don’t we owe it to our children the right to possess themselves if this is to be a truly free and fair democracy? I believe that some of the most fun-damental rights in our democracy are the right to vote, the right to know whom you are voting for, and the right to know that the vote you cast is going to be counted as you intended it. If that were not enough, just as con-cerning as the ongoing efforts to sup-press certain votes is the amount of undisclosed and unlimited money that is sloshing around in our campaigns. The Supreme Court’s 2010 decision in Citizens United has opened the flood-gates and allowed the wealthiest Amer-icans to spend unlimited amounts of money to influence our elections. Al-lowing such unlimited, undisclosed money into the political system is cor-rupting our democracy. I have strongly supported several pieces of legislation, such as the DIS-CLOSE Act, to require groups that spend more than $10,000 on campaign- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.014 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7310 December 5, 2018 
related matters to identify themselves. Tell us who is giving the money by fil-ing a disclosure with the Federal Elec-tion Commission. The American people have a right to know whom they are voting for—not just the name on the ballot but who is behind that name on the ballot. The Supreme Court itself said: ‘‘Transparency enables the elec-torate to make informed decisions and give proper weight to different speak-ers and messages.’’ That was straight from the Court. I believe we as a Congress have a moral obligation—a moral obligation— to correct what has happened in our system and to ensure that our voters have the information they need to make informed decisions in the elec-tion process. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. 
REMEMBERING GEORGE H .W. BUSH  
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I just want to make a few comments in mem-ory of President George Herbert Walk-er Bush, whose funeral we attended today. Losing a parent or a grandparent is never easy. I know I speak for the peo-ple in Louisiana when I offer my heart-felt sympathies to the entire Bush fam-ily in their time of grief. I want them to know their loss echoes in the hearts of all Americans this week. I also want them to know their family is in our thoughts and in our prayers as we mourn together. At an age when most kids are trying to figure out what kind of smart phones they want to buy, President George H.W. Bush thought of nothing except answering the call of duty. He really was a part of the ‘‘greatest gen-eration.’’ I believe he was a hero and a patriot, not because he made the choices that he made to fight for his country but because he got up and con-tinued to make the choice to serve the American people every single day of his life as a Navy aviator, as a Congress-man, as an Ambassador, as CIA Direc-tor, as Vice President of the United States, and, ultimately, as Commander in Chief. President Bush, very simply, was a great American, not just because he served his country during some of the darkest days in world history—al-though he did, and he did coura-geously—but because he embodied so many of the values that distinguish the American spirit. Traits like bravery, selflessness, faith, and kindness are things we don’t have enough of in the village of Washington anymore and seem to be in short supply, but Presi-dent Bush had them in spades. He was smart as a whip. He was a patriot, but he was also a person who deeply be-lieved in the importance of working to-gether to try to build a better world. Upon leaving office, President Bush started the Points of Light foundation. Points of Light is a charity whose mis-sion is based on a fairly simple premise—that there is nothing more transformative than an individual’s choosing to be generous with his or her time, gifts, and talents. This idea has resonated with millions of Americans across the world. Since its founding in 1990, Points of Light has electrified the American spirit of volunteerism, and each year the foundation supports more than 20 million hours of community service— what an extraordinary legacy. President Bush understood that at its core public service is about—this is going to sound strange—loving your neighbor. The Points of Light founda-tion is a fitting legacy for this fine American who loved his country and his family to the fullest, and he de-voted every day of his life to serving all 350 million of his neighbors. With-out a doubt, he was one of the brightest of those thousand points of light, and our loss is Heaven’s gain. A smart person once told me that people don’t really care how much you know until they know how much you care. President George Herbert Walker Bush knew a lot, but he cared a lot too. America weeps, both in joy for his life and in sadness because his soul is in a better place but not with us. America and the world have lost a fa-vorite son. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
H.R. 6931 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about a very special child, whose photo you see here on my left. Her name was Scarlett. Scarlett and her mother Stephanie are the peo-ple whom I will mostly talk about to-night. Stephanie was a former staffer in my Senate office, and Scarlett was, as you can tell from the photograph, a ray of sunshine for her parents, Stephanie and Ryan, and also for her extended family and for her many friends. That is how they describe Scarlett. She was their sunshine. Tragically, Scarlett passed away on January 8, 2017, at just 16 months old. Scarlett’s mom Stephanie said the fol-lowing about her daughter: 
Our little Scarlett lived up to her name. She was a little spitfire, strong and deter-mined. She took in the world around her with such wonder. Her favorite things were books, blueberries, and our pets. Her favorite song was ‘‘You Are My Sunshine.’’ She was our sunshine. We lived and breathed for her, but shortly after midnight, very early on Sunday, January 8, all that ended. It didn’t just end; it was shattered. Every shred of happiness we had and any semblance of the lives we knew before was demolished shortly after I entered her room to check on her that night. 
That is what Scarlett’s mom, Steph-anie, said in that horrific moment. In the time since Scarlett’s death, as I and my current and former staff members who know Stephanie can at-test, Stephanie and Ryan have been consumed—consumed—by the loss of their little girl. They did what any grieving parent would do. They sought answers about what caused Scarlett’s death. Sadly, despite an autopsy and genetic testing, the only answer they got was that her death was ‘‘unex-plained’’—unexplained. They still don’t know what caused her death. Stephanie and Ryan have endured so much pain—first, of course, because of their grief over losing Scarlett and, second, because they still don’t know what caused her death. That means that Scarlett’s death falls in the category known as sudden unexplained death in childhood, known by the acronym SUDC. Many people have never heard of sudden unexplained death in childhood, but it is estimated to be the fifth-leading cause of death for children between the ages of 1 and 4 years old. We are not doing enough to learn why these children are dying, and it is time that we take action. Sudden unexplained death in child-hood too often has been ignored. Of course, the acronyms can be very con-fusing. Many of us are already familiar with SIDS—s-i-d-s—or sudden infant death syndrome. After the ‘‘back to sleep’’ campaigns of the 1990s that taught parents how to put their babies to sleep safely on their backs, we learned a lot more about that category as well. SIDS is part of a broader category of sudden unexpected infant death as op-posed to unexplained. Unexpected is the broader category. I will be speak-ing mostly about the sudden unex-plained category. The most prevalent cause of unex-pected deaths in infants—and this is children under the age of 1 year old—is SIDS. One in three unexpected infant deaths is unexplained, and the remain-ing deaths are related to unsafe sleep. Similarly, sudden unexplained death in childhood—as I said before, SUDC, what took the life of Scarlett dis-proportionately impacts children be-tween the ages of 1 and 4, beyond the age of 1, such that in 2016, more than half of all unexplained childhood deaths were in children in this age group, like Scarlett. We don’t know why these infants and children have died, and we still don’t know how to prevent future deaths. We don’t know how many children are at risk even. As a parent, these numbers are horri-fying and terrifying. Each one rep-resents a beloved child, like Scarlett, who was taken from their family too soon. That is why I introduced the Scarlett’s Sunshine on Sudden Unex-pected Death Act, to shine light on this problem of unexpected and unexplained infant and childhood deaths. I am grateful to U.S. Representative G
WENMOORE of Wisconsin for her work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.015 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7311 December 5, 2018 
on this issue. I used her bill as a start-ing point for this new legislation. Rep-resentative M
OORE introduced com-panion legislation in the House of Rep-resentatives. I am also grateful that J
OHNNY ISAKSON and S HERROD BROWN  have cosponsored this new bill. The bill, Scarlett’s Sunshine on Sud-den Unexpected Death Act, will bring light to the darkness of these tragic and unexplained deaths. The bill pro-vides resources to help standardize and improve investigations into and report-ing data from sudden unexpected child and infant deaths and to enable full medical review of all—all—child and infant deaths. The bill also directs the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention to commission a study to ad-vise on best practices for genetic test-ing that may identify the cause of death. We need this consistent and complete data about unexpected and unexplained childhood and infant deaths in order to drive research that can find the cause or causes and then to develop interven-tions and ways to prevent future deaths. The bill also creates a new grant pro-gram to support safe sleep, since we know preventable, sleep-related, infant deaths are still happening. Finally, the bill requires an annual report to Congress on the incidence of sudden unexplained infant and child deaths, a summary of actions the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices has taken, and any recommenda-tions that the Department of Health and Human Services has developed to reduce these deaths. As Stephanie said at Scarlett’s fu-neral: ‘‘There is no measurement for the size of our love for you or the hole you leave behind.’’ Nothing we do will bring Scarlett or other precious children, lost to unex-pected death, back to their grieving families, but this legislation will be a big step forward in figuring out why these children are dying and what we can do to prevent it. Stephanie and Ryan’s daughter, Scarlett’s younger sister, is named Eliana. Eliana’s name means ‘‘daugh-ter of the sun,’’ and that is a tribute to the big sister she never met. To Ryan, Stephanie, Eliana, and to all the other families and friends of children taken from us too soon, we say to you: Although we cannot truly understand the awful gravity of your pain or the depth of your loss, we are listening to you, and we are listening to your plea for help. We want to bring the bright light of data, medical re-views, genetic testing, and other re-search to this problem. In other words, we want to bring some of Scarlett’s sunshine to this cause. We are summoned by little Scarlett and other infants and children to take action. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, the Scarlett’s Sun-shine on Sudden Unexpected Death Act, and I ask for their support. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, first of all, I thank my colleague from Penn-sylvania for his impassioned plea and his work on this legislation. I intend to support this legislation. I know the story he just told and the notion that SIDS is still such a challenge to so many families are a little remarkable. I am going to be speaking about a piece of legislation now named after another person not quite as young as Scarlett, where there was another trag-edy that I hope we can act on as well. I intend to have it acted on before the end of this Congress. We are dealing with different circumstances, but there are times when we can, sometimes with relatively small legislative fixes, make a real difference in people’s lives. So I commend the Senator from Pennsylvania for his legislation. 
ASHANTI ALERT ACT OF 2018  
Mr. President, I rise to support H.R. 5075, the Ashanti Alert Act of 2018. To start, I would like to take this oppor-tunity to thank my friend and col-league, the Congressman from the Sec-ond District of Virginia, S
COTT TAY-
LOR, for introducing this important legislation in the House of Representa-tives and for ushering it through the Chamber so now we can take part and pass this legislation or similar legisla-tion in the Senate. The Ashanti Alert Act seeks to es-tablish a national communications net-work within the Department of Justice to help locate missing adults by pro-viding assistance to regional and local search efforts. The Ashanti Alert Act of 2018 is named after a 19-year-old Virginia resi-dent, Ashanti Billie, who was attending culinary school in hopes of opening her own bakery one day. To preserve her dreams, she split her time between working at a Blimpie’s restaurant at Fort Story and taking culinary classes at the Art Institute of Virginia Beach. On September 18, 2017, in Norfolk, VA, Ashanti’s dreams were cut short when she was abducted shortly after arriving at work. Unfortunately, Ashanti was found murdered in North Carolina 11 days after she was first re-ported missing. Her parents, who were not living in Hampton Roads at that point, rushed to the region after she disappeared and spent literally 2 weeks—almost 2 weeks—trying to get law enforcement engaged and get the word out. The truth is, after she was missing for those 11 days and discovered in North Carolina, the authorities did later find and arrest her killer, but Ashanti’s tragic murder raised an important question about whether more could have been done to save her life. At the time of her abduction, at just 19 years old, Ashanti Billie was too old for the issuance of an AMBER Alert and too young for the issuance of a Sil-ver Alert. This tragic murder made me realize something I hadn’t thought of before. We have alerts in place named after Amber for young people up to the age of 18. We have an alert system in place for seniors called Silver Alert for folks over 65. What about everybody between 18 and 65? No such alert system exists. So in the case of 19-year-old Ashanti Billie, her family had nowhere to turn to get the word out about her dis-appearance. The unfortunate circumstance is— and it is again fairly remarkable that this issue has not been raised at a leg-islative level before because of this glaring gap of young adults and not-so- young adults, including folks who are younger than 65—Ashanti is not an iso-lated case. Families across the country are affected by loved ones who have gone missing. Right here in Wash-ington, DC, we are having a conversa-tion about the plight of missing teens, many of them young women of color and many of them who fall into that same age group as Ashanti—19, 20, 21, 22, 23. I think about my three daugh-ters who are 23 to 29. God forbid if they were ever abducted, where would I turn to get an alert out? There is no system in place. According to the National Crime In-formation Center database, over 55,000 missing adults are and have been re-corded as missing. In my State, accord-ing to the Virginia State Police, there are currently 240 people aged 18 and older who have gone missing in our Commonwealth. Of course, nobody wants to overload this kind of good, functioning alert system with too many reports which could take away the effectiveness of existing systems like the AMBER Alert Program. So this legislation addresses that issue to make sure that in order to issue an alert, the missing adult must either suffer from a proven men-tal or physical disability or law en-forcement must certify the person’s physical safety may be in danger or their disappearance was not voluntary. In this way, the Department of Justice can help States and localities create a system that provides alerts only when a missing adult is in real danger. What I know is, we need lifesaving protections for missing adults between the ages of 18 and 64. While, as Senator C
ASEY mentioned, we can never replace the hurt of that family because of that young child who died from SIDS, we can also never replace the hole that has been left in the Billie family by the loss of Ashanti. By passing this legisla-tion and naming it after Ashanti—by calling it the Ashanti Alert Act—we may be able to prevent some tragedy like this from happening in the future. It is past time for Congress to enact legislation that can help save the lives of many—many like Ashanti. As I men-tioned, while we can’t bring Ashanti back, her memory can live on by help-ing save the lives of others who may find themselves in this same kind of unfortunate situation. I had planned to come to the floor today and ask for unanimous consent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.019 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7312 December 5, 2018 
to pass the House bill in its current form. However, out of respect to some of my colleagues who have raised non-substantive but certain technical issues that can be corrected, I will hold off for today on asking unanimous con-sent, but this legislation cannot wait. This legislation cannot be held up by technical concerns. I am anxious to work through these concerns tonight so we can move for-ward, perhaps on a hotline version, so it can get back to the House, so this legislation can become law, and so the Billie family knows Ashanti’s memory will be honored. I intend to work with my colleagues tonight on making sure their correc-tions are included, but the spirit and heart of this legislation—no one op-poses the idea that we have a system for young people on alerts under 18 and a system for folks over 65. What about the rest of the adults who also fall into these kinds of circumstances? We have to make sure they are protected as well. I look forward to making these tech-nical corrections. My hope is, we can get this passed even with the hotline and that we can then send appropriate legislation back to the House and fill in this needed gap. I thank folks on both sides of the aisle and the law enforcement commu-nity for working with us. There is com-plete agreement that this hole needs to be filled. I think it will be filled with this legislation, and Ashanti Billie’s legacy will be honored by the Ashanti Alert Act becoming the law of the land. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
POINT MACKENZIE EARTHQUAKE  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, Senator S
ULLIVAN and I have just re-turned to Washington after an almost surreal 24-hour period up in the State. We went up on Sunday night, Monday morning. We hadn’t anticipated being there, but the State of Alaska—and more specifically Southcentral Alas-ka—experienced a powerful earthquake on Friday. It was certainly an unset-tling event, a frightening event to many, and it caused significant damage in the most populated part of our State. Last Friday, at 8:29 in the morning, we had an earthquake that struck the community of Anchorage with a mag-nitude of 7.0 on the Richter scale. The epicenter was about 7 miles north of Anchorage. It was about 25 miles deep. That shock lasted anywhere, folks were saying, from about 40 seconds to 1 minute; that was the initial hard jolt. Then, movement after that depended on where you were and what kind of ground you were located on, but it was a very significant earthquake by all standards. I heard about the earthquake, not be-cause I got an alert on my phone but because my phone rang when my son called. He lives and works in Anchor-age. He had been at his shop, and he called me right after the shaking stopped. My son is a pretty calm young man, but I could tell that something was wrong, something was different. I could hear it in his voice. He was clear-ly rattled. His comments to me re-flected so many of the comments I have heard from so many with whom I have had a chance to visit. As we were speaking on the phone, it was about 7 minutes after the initial jolt that we had another earthquake, a 5.7 that followed. He literally said: You have to hold on, Mom, because we are having another one. These are signifi-cant at any time, but to have a 7.0 fol-lowed by a 5.7 and then to know that the aftershocks have been continuing— they have continued until today. As of this afternoon, the total number of aftershocks we have had is about 2,500. Think about that. From Friday morning to midafternoon Alaska time, about 2,500 aftershocks, and we have had 14 above 4.5 in magnitude. We have had 14 in that time period that were over 4.5. Now, 4.5 is going to get any-body’s attention. Yesterday morning, when I was leav-ing Alaska to come to Washington, I was getting ready in the bathroom, and there was another shaker then, and that was a 4.8. People have asked me: How are things back home? I said: Well, we had the big jolt on Friday, but it is still rocking and roll-ing. People are anxious, but the report I would like to share with folks today is that there has been an incredible re-sponse at so many different levels. The initial response was pretty intense. After I spoke with my son, I talked to a staff member whose pipes had burst in her home, and she was dealing with flooding. One of the main arte-rials in Anchorage, Minnesota Drive, is one of the access roads to get to the airport, and parts of that had col-lapsed. Many people have seen the pic-ture of the vehicle sitting in the mid-dle of a depressed area where the bot-tom literally has dropped out the over-pass of that road. Across Anchorage and in the Mat-Su Valley, school had just started for the middle schools and the upper grades, and kids were doing what the kids have been trained to do for decades now. Since the 1964 earthquake, believe me, every kid in Southcentral Alaska—I think probably every kid in Alaska— knows what the earthquake drill is, to duck and cover. But during this quake, they were ducking and covering as books from the bookshelves were crashing to the floor and as ceiling tiles were coming down. It is extraor-dinary to think that during all that we saw and all of the damage in the schools, there were two injuries. There are 48,000 kids in the Anchorage School District and about 17,000 or 18,000 in the Mat-Su district—and two injuries. One was somebody cleaning up glass; an-other was a student who was putting his arm up to shield himself from a ceiling tile that was falling down, and he injured his wrist. It is absolutely ex-traordinary—nothing short of a mir-acle—that we suffered no loss of life. It was pretty dramatic. Transformers blew, and much of the city went dark. A tsunami warning was issued for the Kenai Peninsula in the low-lying areas in the Anchorage Bowl, even down past Kodiak. We got a call from friends in Kodiak out on a hunting trip, and they got word that they needed to hike to higher ground. Hike to higher ground. Of course, there is no communication and no way to know whether it is all safe. These stories are coming in from all over the State. What we heard in those first hours, the first reports coming in from our first responders, who truly jumped into action and were responding to calls as they were coming in—the civil engi-neers were dispatched to go out to check on the highways, the bridges, and the essential infrastructure, such as the hospitals. We had almost imme-diate updates from the U.S. Geological Survey and NOAA—the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administra-tion—about the earthquake and what was happening with the subsequent tsunami warning, the aftershocks. All of these were in realtime. We kept waiting to hear whether there were any reports of serious injuries or fatalities, but fortunately—amazingly, miracu-lously—they never came. Meanwhile, the utilities were work-ing to restore power and to test the cit-ies’ water systems. ENSTAR, which is our natural gas supplier, received over 700 requests to check on broken gas lines. They went house by house to make sure that they were safe. It was extraordinary in terms of the immediate on-the-ground response by the Alaskans who were there in place, the teams that are at the ready be-cause that is what they are trained to do, and those who were just being good neighbors and knew that when you have something hit, we are all hands on deck. Congressman Y
OUNG , Senator S UL-
LIVAN , and I gathered on Friday after-noon. We got updates from the Vice President, who was traveling. We spoke with FEMA Administrator Brock Long and Secretary of Transportation Chao. All of them—all of them—were all in with their promises of help from throughout the Federal Government with resources. President Trump also— his support in promising to spare no expense as we work to recover from this natural disaster went a long way to providing levels of assurance there. Senator S
ULLIVAN and I, as I men-tioned, flew up on Sunday evening. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.020 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7313 December 5, 2018 
waited until the weekend was over to fly back home. We didn’t want to get in the way of the immediate recovery ef-forts. I got in at 1 o’clock in the morn-ing and went to work cleaning up the glass and broken things in my house, as many of my neighbors and fellow Alaskans had been doing all weekend long. Over the course of the day on Mon-day, we were able to see some of the damage that this earthquake has caused. You think about the words when you are trying to describe some-thing that—the scenes are just so, so different, and it is words like ‘‘gut- wrenching’’ and ‘‘astounding’’ and then ‘‘remarkable,’’ but it was really gut- wrenching being in the school. We went out to Houston Middle School. This is an area out in the Mat- Su Valley. This is one of the schools that will not be opened, at least not this year and perhaps for longer. But you are standing in a building—this is the library there in the middle school, and you see all of the books that have fallen to the floor. You see the guts of the ceiling that have come out. The sprinkler system is activated, so not only do you have the chaos of the books but now you have got the satura-tion. There is another picture here of the group of us who went in. The ceiling literally disintegrated on top of the library there. When you think about the time that this all happened, there were students in the library. There were students who were passing in the hallway. This school is cinderblock construction, and the actual concrete cinders popped out and crashed to the floor and broke. The metal struts coming out of the ceiling, the panels—this was all happening at 8:29 in the morning. It is dark in Alas-ka at 8:29 in the morning. The lights had gone out, and they had this crash-ing all around them. When I use the word ‘‘remarkable’’ to describe some of it, how the students and the teachers responded was re-markable, the calm. The kids knew what to do. They got under their desks. They did what they were trained to do. When they got the order that they needed to get out, to evacuate, what they did was exactly what they were trained to do. And no injuries. No inju-ries. It is absolutely extraordinary. The schools in Anchorage are going to be closed for the entire week. Mat- Su is opening some of theirs this week, but more than 85 of them sustained damage that clearly needs to be cleaned up, needs to be repaired. The schools were one aspect of the damage that we saw, but what many have seen out there has been the dam-age to the infrastructure. This is a picture of a collapsed road. This is Vine Road, out in the valley. This is kind of a boggy area that runs through here, but it is just as if there were a big suction that came under-neath and literally sucked the ground out from underneath that. This is an area that we visited. We took this picture from above, in the air. This is it up close. As you are standing here on these slabs of asphalt, the crevices you are looking down into are extraordinary, and you realize the intensity of the action of the Earth. You see scenes like this, and you say: How are we going to get through all of this? And the work that is ongoing now, whether it is the on-ramps, whether it is the bridges, whether it is roads like this on Vine Road, our de-partment of transportation is working to firm up the roads, to, believe it or not, fill them in, repave them, even re-stripe them, and get folks back on their way. What we saw in just those first 72 hours is absolutely extraor-dinarily impressive. The Alaska Railroad is assessing their damage. They are operational. They are going to be going much slow-er than they would like, and that is going to cause complications, but they are up. The Port of Alaska is undergoing an expansion right now. It has been com-plicated by this earthquake. That is something that, again, is very critical. As you look to how goods move around our State, 85 percent of them come through that port. So being able to allow for functionality is critical. We look at our assets. We look at the Trans-Alaska Pipeline. That was closed down temporarily just for precaution, but it is up and running. You know, when I think about all this, given what happened, the visible damage we saw earlier this week, I find myself thinking that we are so lucky— not that we were hit by this major earthquake but that it could have been so much worse. We talk a lot about resilience—resil-ience of a people. I think we learned a lot from the 1964 earthquake, the Good Friday earthquake. That registered at 9.2 on the Richter scale and lasted 4
1⁄2, almost 5 minutes. Extraordinary. What we have been doing—we are the most seismically active State in the coun-try, so we work to be prepared. Again, I mentioned that last Friday’s earthquake was deep, and that miti-gated some of the shaking that was as-sociated with it, but the proximity to our State’s population center put peo-ple and infrastructure at great risk. The depth of the source and the mechanism of the fault helped reduce the damage. That is one part of it. The other part of it is being prepared, and this is where I am so proud of the resil-ience of Alaskans. Whether it is at the schools that practice these earthquake drills where the students get under the desk, they hold on to the leg of a chair or their desk, and they cover their heads to protect themselves—I know we have one Alaskan as a page. She has gone through this drill. I know you have. So even in the dark, even in the chaos, with all the noise and the crash-ing, students knew what to do, and they did it not only for themselves, but they did it for other students as well. There are some stories of some very young heroes out there, and I have a young nephew who not only took care of himself but made sure that a fellow student who had severe mobility issues was able to get under a desk. I think about the calmness and the presence that so many exercised. I am going to end by noting again how we have worked as communities in our State to be prepared for disasters when they come. We have some of the most stringent building codes in the world, and for the most part, our build-ings held up. Families have earthquake kits in their houses. They have bat-teries, flashlights, nonperishable food— all of which came in handy as folks kind of hunkered down over the week-end. I will end my remarks by noting how grateful I am for the first responders who took action in the aftermath of the earthquake, even amid all of the ongoing aftershocks, even with their households totally turned upside down—and not only for our first re-sponders but for all those who acted as first responders, the neighbors who came together. It is Alaska at its finest when we all work together. I am very grateful that we had no tsunami. I am very grateful that the damages, at least on the surface, are not worse. And we are certainly grate-ful that there have been no reports of major injuries or fatalities. I am grate-ful that we have strong Federal part-ners who have committed to helping us in any way that they can. I also appre-ciate the reach-out from so many col-leagues here in the Senate who sent me texts and who called and said: Is every-thing OK in Alaska? Is there anything we can do? Thank you for that. We know we are tough in Alaska. That is the reputation we have. We are kind of proud of that. We know we are hardy and resilient. But knowing that others are going to be with us as we go through this recovery period makes that much better. I thank so many who have been there to help Alaska. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XX, all postcloture time on the McNamee nomination expire at 12 noon on Thursday, December 6; fur-ther, that if the nomination is con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made laid upon the table and the President be immediately noti-fied of the Senate’s action. I further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.022 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7314 December 5, 2018 
ask that following disposition of the nomination, the Senate resume consid-eration of the Kraninger nomination and the time be equally divided in the usual form until 1:45 p.m.; further, that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the Kraninger nomination as under the previous order; finally, that if the nom-ination is confirmed, the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise to urge the majority leader to bring to the floor S. 3649, the First Step Act, which I have cosponsored. This bipar-tisan legislation, introduced by Sen-ators G
RASSLEY and D URBIN , includes positive prison reforms that the House passed by a 360–59 vote, combined with Senate-added provisions on sentencing reform that have passed out of the Ju-diciary Committee on a bipartisan basis. Senators on both sides of the aisle agree that our criminal justice system is broken and badly needs repair. In my own State of Maryland, we know the importance of criminal jus-tice reform after the death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore Police Department custody in 2015. Baltimore is a good ex-ample of the necessary Federal and State partnership we need in order to reform the criminal justice system. When I am talking about the criminal justice system, I am not only talking about the so-called back end of the sys-tem, which involves sentencing, correc-tions, and release from prison. I am talking about the ‘‘front end’’ of the system, which involves relations be-tween the community and police and often the first interaction between our citizens and law enforcement. In Baltimore, the U.S. Department of Justice initiated a Federal ‘‘pattern or practice’’ inquiry at the request of the city of Baltimore and the Federal con-gressional delegation. This investiga-tion led to a comprehensive report finding a pattern and practice of un-constitutional arrests and policing in Baltimore that disproportionately af-fected minority residents, particularly the African-American residents of Bal-timore. Baltimore City and the Justice De-partment ultimately agreed to a con-sent decree and are now under super-vision by the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland. This will en-tail a multiyear process of overhauling the police department to finally give the citizens of Baltimore the police de-partment they deserve, using the ‘‘guardian’’ and not the ‘‘warrior’’ model, as recommended by President Obama’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing. This fall I visited the headquarters of the Baltimore Ravens in Owings Mills, MD, in Baltimore County. I am a Balti-more resident and live in Baltimore County and, of course, am a proud Ravens fan. On that day, I had come to discuss criminal justice reform. I want-ed to hear directly from the Ravens players about their insights into the criminal justice system, and they shared their stories involving their friends and family with me. I am pleased that several Ravens players and team executives wrote a letter earlier this week to Senator MCCONNELL asking him to bring this critical legislation to the floor. The letter reads: ‘‘The undersigned players and executives of the Baltimore Ravens write to voice our support for the First Step Act, a bill which has the potential to bring transformative and much needed change to our criminal justice system. Criminal justice is an issue that deeply affects our community in Baltimore, as well as the nation as a whole. Not only will this legislation strengthen our nation’s criminal jus-tice system, but it enjoys the backing of an incredibly diverse group of sup-porters.’’ Indeed, this legislation is endorsed by both law enforcement and civil rights groups. Law enforcement groups en-dorsing this legislation include the Fraternal Order of Police, the National District Attorneys Association, and the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives. Civil rights groups endorsing this legislation include the ACLU and Leadership Con-ference on Civil and Human Rights. President Trump has endorsed this leg-islation, which has a growing number of bipartisan Senate cosponsors. The legislation includes key sen-tencing reform provisions added by the Senate to the House-passed measure. First, it expands the so-called safety valve, which allows judges to sentence below the mandatory minimum for qualified low-level nonviolent drug of-fenders who cooperate with the govern-ment. Second, it makes retroactive the application of the Fair Sentencing Act, in which Congress addressed the crack- powder sentencing disparity, and al-lows individuals affected by this dis-parity to petition for sentence reduc-tions. Third, it reforms the two-strikes and three-strikes laws, by reducing the second strike mandatory minimum of 20 years to 15 years and reducing the third strike mandatory minimum of life in prison to 25 years. Finally, the legislation eliminates the so-called stacking provision in the U.S. Code, which helps ensure that sentencing en-hancements for repeat offenses apply only to true repeat offenders. The leg-islation clarifies that sentencing en-hancements cannot unfairly be ‘‘stacked,’’ for example, by applying to conduct within the same indictment. This legislation marks the first time that the Fraternal Order of Police, the largest police union, has ever sup-ported a criminal justice reform bill. At law enforcement’s request, the bill prohibits time credits for individuals convicted of a fentanyl trafficking of-fense, as well as bars time credits for individuals convicted of repeatedly possessing or using a firearm in rela-tion to a violent or drug trafficking crime. On the prison reform side. this legis-lation includes several positive reforms from the House-passed FIRST STEP Act. The bill makes a good time credit fix and revises the good-time credit law to accurately reflect congressional in-tent by allowing prisoners to earn 54 days of credit per year, rather than 47 days. The bill prohibits shackling preg-nant prisoners and requires healthcare products be provided to incarcerated women. The bill requires prisoners be placed within 500 driving miles of their home and provides additional phone, video conferencing, and visitation privileges. The bill expands evidence- based opioid and heroin abuse treat-ment for inmates. The bill expands compassionate release under the Sec-ond Chance Act and expedites compas-sionate release applications. The revised Senate bill also includes several prison reforms beyond what were included in the House-passed bill. The bill establishes an Independent Re-view Committee of outside experts to assist in the development of the risk and needs assessment system. The Na-tional Institute of Justice would select a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization with expertise in risk and needs assess-ments to host the IRC. This added guardrail will help to ensure the risk and needs assessment system is evi-dence-based and minimize racial dis-parities. It allows the use of earned credits for supervised release in the community, such as halfway houses or home con-finement. The bill also would permit individuals in home confinement to participate in family-related activities that facilitate the prisoner’s successful reentry. It effectively ends Federal juvenile solitary confinement, and limits the discretion of the Bureau of Prisons to deny release to individuals who meet all eligibility criteria. Let us take this first step to reform our broken criminal justice system by passing this legislation during this ses-sion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05DE6.023 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7315 December 5, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION PRO-GRAM AT ARLINGTON HIGH SCHOOL Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask the Senate to join me in recognizing Ar-lington High School in Oregon and its remarkable career and technical edu-cation program. Thanks to the leader-ship of district staff and the support of the community, students at Arlington High are better prepared for their post high school careers. Career and technical education pro-vides students of all ages with the aca-demic and technical skills, knowledge, and training necessary to succeed in future careers. Students participating in career and technical education pro-grams graduate high school at higher rates than average and are better pre-pared to get good-paying jobs beyond the classroom. The HonkerTech Center at Arlington High School offers many disciplines to its students, based on interests and ca-reer choices. These include metal fab-rication, digital design and production, and mechanics. Students learn business concepts and skills, like developing a project budget and writing a proposal and using accounting software. Stu-dents are accountable and responsible for designing their projects. They also have an opportunity to gain practical, real-world experience working with re-gional and international customers on custom products. The impact of this program extends beyond the classroom, making sure that students have the skills they need to become lifelong learners, even after they graduate. I am proud to recognize the career and technical education program at Ar-lington High School and the good work being done to prepare Oregon students for success after graduation. This is what I call doing things the Oregon way. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO CHARLES DAVIS ∑Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I want to take a moment to honor an Amer-ican hero and a fellow Louisianan. In just a few days, Charles Davis, from Toledo Bend Lake, LA, will celebrate his 93rd birthday. Charles is a World War II veteran who gave many years of his life in the service of his country. Charles Davis was 16 years old when Pearl Harbor was bombed. Like many Americans, the attack on Pearl Harbor led Davis to serve his country by en-listing in the Navy. While just a teen-ager, his service in the military took him around the globe, fighting for the country he loves. During his time in the war, Charles served on a ship that was bombed while out at sea. He spent 37 hours adrift alongside 1,200 soldiers, with nothing to keep them alive other than their life vests. Charles thought he was going to die that day, but after 37 hours in the ocean, he was rescued. Nearly 300 of the men in the water with him did not make it. Among the men who died that day was another American hero, Charles’s brother, Albert Anthony Davis. Charles served in the military for 8 years and after the war returned to Louisiana to serve as a firefighter. As Charles celebrates his 93rd birthday, I want to honor his life and dedication to his country. He risked his life in serv-ice to his country and lost a brother and many comrades during the war. Mr. Davis, we are grateful for your service, and I would like to wish you a very happy birthday and many bless-ings in the years to come.∑ f 
REMEMBERING REBECCA ‘‘BECKY’’ WEICHHAND ∑Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, today, along with Senator R
OYBLUNT  of Missouri, I wish to honor Rebecca ‘‘Becky’’ Weichhand, a fierce and tire-less advocate for adoption. From an early age, Becky knew she wanted to be a lawyer to help children, and for almost 10 years, she pursued that dream as the, director of policy and later as the executive director of the Congressional Coalition on Adop-tion Institute, CCAI. As Senate co- chairs of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption, we had the privilege of working with Becky and witnessed firsthand how her work changed the lives of children around the world. Becky was a mentor to foster youth and advised 10 classes of foster youth interns on Capitol Hill, who helped to research and develop policy proposals informed by their own experience to help our Nation’s foster children. She also led efforts to help Members of Congress promote adoption and foster care around the world, organizing nine domestic and international delegation trips. In addition, Becky spearheaded the Angels in Adoption Program, which honors organizations and people who have had an extraordinary impact on children, their families, and commu-nities across the country. During her tenure, 1,257 people and organizations were recognized with this honor. Becky dedicated her career to the be-lief that every child deserves a loving and stable home. She was instrumental in efforts to preserve the adoption tax credit, including working to establish a coalition of more than 150 organiza-tions and advocating to make the adop-tion tax credit permanent in 2012. Becky’s faith, compassion, and kind-ness were evident in everything she did, and she will be dearly missed. Her life was a blessing to many, and we will honor it by continuing her work of bringing loving families together with children in need.∑ 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF HIGHLAND PARK, MICHIGAN ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 100th anniversary of Highland Park, MI. Situated in Wayne County of southeast Michigan, Highland Park is endowed with a rich history of innovation as the ‘‘birth-place of mass production.’’ It is also the site of the Nation’s first urban highway, and was fondly referred to as the ‘‘City of Trees’’ for its beautiful fo-liage. In its infancy, the settlement that would eventually become Highland Park underwent two name changes, Nabor and then Whitewood, respec-tively, before it was incorporated as a village in 1889 and then as a city in the early 20th century. The small farming community expe-rienced an economic boom in 1910, when Henry Ford opened his first Model T factory, now recognized as a historical site. The opening of the plant paved the way for new infrastruc-ture, which changed the rapidly grow-ing Highland Park Village’s landscape from rural to urban. The news of abun-dant economic opportunity in the vil-lage spread nationally and internation-ally. Immigrants came to Highland Park aspiring to earn the impressive $5-a-day wage that Henry Ford’s fac-tories offered, while new residents traveled from across the Nation to the village in hopes of becoming newly minted members of the middle-class. The population grew from a little under 500 residents at the top of the 20th century to over 50,000 in 1930. The city of Detroit, Highland Park Village’s southern neighbor, also began to expand. From the early 1800s and into the early part of the 1900s, the city of Detroit’s footprint increased as the city moved to annex surrounding town-ships. To prevent annexation by the bustling city of Detroit, Highland Park officially incorporated as a city in 1918. Detroit continued to enlarge its board-ers, ultimately encircling the city of Highland Park, leading to the city within a city phenomenon seen today. Before Highland Park became the epicenter of production, with the pres-ence of Ford and later Chrysler, it was appropriately named the City of Trees, for its abundance of elms, reminiscent of a forest. Beautiful arrays of elm trees lined neighborhood streets as trees were planted in front of every home. Unfortunately, the once striking display of greenery diminished toward the 1970s, due to the spread of Dutch elm disease, which impacted sur-rounding cities as well. In another historic first, Highland Park was the site of the country’s first urban highway, the Davison Freeway. Construction began in 1941 and was ex-peditiously completed in 1942 to ease transport for Defense manufacturers assisting in the Nation’s ‘‘Arsenal of Democracy’’ during World War II. The Davison Freeway greatly improved the flow of traffic to and from the city of Detroit. The Highland Park community in-cludes a diverse and hard-working pop-ulation, and many notable figures in government, sports, and popular cul-ture have called Highland Park home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05DE6.002 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7316 December 5, 2018 
Some former residents include come-dian Tim Meadows, singer Jackie Wil-son, animator Butch Hartman, football player and community leader Reggie McKenzie, and the sixth-longest serv-ing member of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, Congressman John Con-yers. As the city of Highland Park cele-brates its 100th anniversary, I am hon-ored to ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing its residents, businesses, and elected officials who continue grassroots efforts toward revitalizing a community which has such signifi-cance to Michigan history as well as to the Nation. I wish the city of Highland Park continued growth and prosperity in the years ahead.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, De-cember 5, 2018, he had signed the fol-lowing enrolled bill, which was pre-viously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
H.R. 1207. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7333. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, the quarterly exception Selected Acqui-sition Reports (SARs) as of September 30, 2018 (OSS–2018–1371); to the Committees on Armed Services; and Appropriations. EC–7334. A communication from the Acting Principal Director, Defense Pricing and Con-tracting, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Sunset of Provision Relating to the Procurment of Certain Goods’’ ((RIN0750– AJ71) (DFARS Case 2018–D007)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7335. A communication from the Acting Principal Director, Defense Pricing and Con-tracting, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Modification of DFARS Clause ‘Surge Option’’’ ((RIN0750–AJ87) (DFARS Case 2018– D025)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7336. A communication from the Acting Principal Director, Defense Pricing and Con-tracting, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Documentation for Interagency Con-tracts’’ ((RIN0750–AK27) (DFARS Case 2018– D073)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7337. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2018 Required Amendments List for Qualifed Retirement Plans’’ (Notice 2018–91) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7338. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Tick- Borne Disease Working Group 2018 Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7339. A communication from the Chair-man of the United States International Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7340. A communication from the Acting Commissioner of the Social Security Admin-istration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through Sep-tember 30, 2018 and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7341. A joint communication from the Chairman and the General Counsel, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Office of Inspector General Semiannual Report for the period of April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7342. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the General Services Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through Sep-tember 30, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7343. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through Sep-tember 30, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7344. A communication from the Chair-man of the National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Performance and Accountability re-port for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7345. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Competition and Infrastructure, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hearing Aid-compatable Mobile Handsets’’ ((WT Docket No. 17–228) (FCC 18– 167)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7346. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the 2017 annual report on the Farm Credit System; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7347. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Oxytetracycline; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9986–87) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 30, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7348. A communication from the Chair-man, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Strategic Plan for fiscal years 2018–2022; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7349. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Miscellaneous Fed-eral Home Loan Bank Operations and Au-thorities—Financing Corporation Assess-ments Final Rule’’ (RIN2590–AA99) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7350. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Rule - Transferred OTS Regulations Regarding Fiduciary Powers of State Sav-ings Associations and Consent Requirements for the Exercise of Trust Powers’’ (RIN3064– AE23) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7351. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Rule - Rules of Practice and Proce-dure (2019 and Future Adjustments to Civil Money Penalties)’’ (RIN3064–AE75) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7352. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances; Withdrawal’’ (FRL No. 9986–74) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 3, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7353. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2018 National Pool’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–55) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 29, 2018; to the Committee on Finance . EC–7354. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Notice: Tier 2 Tax Rates for 2019’’ received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 29, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7355. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safe Harbor for Certain Infrastructure Trades or Businesses under Section 163(j)’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–59) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7356. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Interim Guidance and Request for Comments on Income Tax Withholding from Wages and from Retire-ment and Annuity Distributions’’ (Notice 2018–92) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 29, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7357. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report relative to the Ben-jamin A. Gilman International Scholarship Program for 2018; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–7358. A communication from the Chief of Negotiations and Restructuring, Pension 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05DE6.005 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7317 December 5, 2018 
Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a notification that the Cor-poration has issued an order partitioning the Teamsters Local 805 Pension and Retirement Plan pursuant to section 4233 of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; to the Committees on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; and Finance. EC–7359. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘340B Drug Pricing Program Ceiling Price and Manufacturer Civil Monetary Penalties Regulation; Effective Date Change’’ (RIN0906–AB19) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 29, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7360. A communication from the Cor-respondence and Regulations Specialist, Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; Elimination of Internal Agency Process for Implementation of the Federally-Facilitated User Fee Adjustment’’ ((RIN0938–AT93) (CMS–9917-F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7361. A communication from the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Veterans Affairs’ Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7362. A communication from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through Sep-tember 30, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7363. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report from the Office of the In-spector General for the period from April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7364. A communication from the Chair-man of the Securities and Exchange Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and a Management Report for the period from April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7365. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Re-source Locator (URL) for the Department of Defense Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7366. A communication from the Acting Chief Financial Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7367. A communication from the Presi-dent and CEO, Inter-American Foundation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Founda-tion’s Annual Management Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7368. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Department’s Agency Financial Re-port for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7369. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Congressional and Inter-governmental Relations, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fis-cal year 2018 Annual Financial Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–7370. A communication from the Solic-itor General, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an opinion of the United States District Court for the South-ern District of Florida (United States v. Pryor); to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–7371. A communication from the Fed-eral Liaison Officer, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘International Trademark Classifica-tion Changes’’ (RIN0651–AD32) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–7372. A communication from the Regu-lation Policy Development Coordinator, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Per Diem Paid to States for Care of Eligible Veterans in State Homes’’ (RIN2900– AO88) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2018; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–7373. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Taking and Importing Marine Mammals; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to the U.S. Navy Training and Testing Activities in the Atlantic Fleet Training and Testing Study Area’’ (RIN0648–BH06) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 3, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–309. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the State of New Jersey urging the United States Congress and the President of the United States to take certain actions to ensure that a woman can freely make repro-ductive health decisions and access repro-ductive health care, including abortion; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 96 Whereas, Reproductive health is a critical component of a woman’s overall health, and a woman’s freedom to make reproductive de-cisions is vital to her safety, well-being, eco-nomic opportunity, and ability to partici-pate equally in society; and Whereas, Abortion is a part of women’s health care; and Whereas, In 1973, the Supreme Court of the United States determined, in the landmark case of Roe v. Wade, 410 U.S. 113 (1973), that a woman’s decision to have an abortion is protected by the U.S. Constitution; and Whereas, In 1992, and again in 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the right of women to access an abortion without undue burden; and Whereas, More than 70 percent of Ameri-cans, including a majority of individuals from all major political parties, support ac-cess to abortion; and Whereas, When it comes to the most im-portant personal decisions in life, such as whether and when to become a parent, it is vital that a woman be able to make that de-cision for herself, based on what is best for her and her family, and it is further essential that the woman be provided with equal ac-cess to abortion and other reproductive health care, regardless of where she lives, how much money she makes, or her insur-ance or immigration status; and Whereas, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, who has recently been nominated for a post on the U.S. Supreme Court, has a history of ruling to impose and uphold limits on a woman’s ability to access safe and legal abortion, and his potential appointment to the Supreme Court therefore poses a serious threat to women’s reproductive rights; and Whereas, The protections affirmed by the Supreme Court in the landmark Roe v. Wade case, and in subsequent cases, are now at risk, and the future of access to safe and legal reproductive health care, including abortion, is on the line; and Whereas, As a state, New Jersey has made great strides in supporting women’s health care by restoring funding for family planning services, and ensuring Medicaid coverage for reproductive health care, including abortion; and Whereas, New Jersey supports women’s rights and women’s health by facilitating full access to all reproductive health care, including abortion, and the State is opposed to federal measures or initiatives that will reduce women’s rights or endanger women’s health, in this regard, including the imposi-tion of restrictions on insurance coverage for abortion, and the appointment of judges who are likely to impose limits on women’s rights and their access to reproductive health care: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate of the State of New Jersey: 1. This House respectfully opposes efforts by the federal government to restrict or limit a woman’s right and ability to access the full range of reproductive services, in-cluding abortion. 2. This House respectfully opposes any nominee to the United States Supreme Court who is not committed to upholding a wom-an’s right to reproductive health care, in-cluding equitable access to abortion. 3. This House respectfully calls upon the Congress and President of the United States to reject or revoke the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh and any other Supreme Court nominee who would move to limit the rights of women to access the full panoply of reproductive services, including abortion. 4. This House further urges the Congress and President of the United States to remove any existing restrictions on access to abor-tion, including restrictions on insurance cov-erage for women who are enrolled in public insurance programs. 5. Copies of this resolution, as filed with the Secretary of State, shall be transmitted by the Secretary of the Senate to the Presi-dent and Vice President of the United States, the Majority and Minority Leaders of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Minority Leader of the United States House of Representatives, and every member of Congress elected from this State. S
ENATE AMENDMENTS TO SENATE RESOLUTION  N
O. 96 Replace preamble to read: Whereas, Reproductive health is a critical component of a woman’s overall health, and a woman’s freedom to make reproductive de-cisions is vital to her safety, well-being, eco-nomic opportunity, and ability to partici-pate equally in society; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05DE6.010 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7318 December 5, 2018 
Whereas, Abortion is a part of women’s health care; and Whereas, In 1973, the Supreme Court of the United States determined, in the landmark case of Roe v. Wade, 410 U.S. 113 (1973), that a woman’s decision to have an abortion is protected by the U.S. Constitution; and Whereas, In 1992, and again in 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the right of women to access an abortion without undue burden; and Whereas, More than 70 percent of Ameri-cans, including a majority of individuals from all major political parties, support ac-cess to abortion; and Whereas, When it comes to the most im-portant personal decisions in life, such as whether and when to become a parent, it is vital that a woman be able to make that de-cision for herself, based on what is best for her and her family, and it is further essential that the woman be provided with equal ac-cess to abortion and other reproductive health care, regardless of where she lives, how much money she makes, or her insur-ance or immigration status; and Whereas, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, who has recently been ønominated for a post on¿ ap- pointed to the U.S. Supreme Court, has a his-tory of ruling to impose and uphold limits on a woman’s ability to access safe and legal abortion, and his øpotential¿ appointment to the Supreme Court therefore hoses a serious threat to women’s reproductive rights; and Whereas, The protections affirmed by the Supreme Court in the landmark Roe v. Wade case, and in subsequent cases, are now at risk, and the future of access to safe and legal reproductive health care, including abortion, is on the line; and Whereas, Twenty states are poised to ban abortion if Roe v Wade is overturned, which would result in over 25 million women of repro-ductive age—more than a third of women of re-productive age in America—losing access to safe, legal abortion in their home states; and Whereas, As a state, New Jersey has made great strides in supporting women’s health care by restoring funding for family planning services, and ensuring Medicaid coverage for reproductive health care ø, including abor-tion¿; and Whereas, New Jersey supports women’s rights and women’s health by facilitating full access to all reproductive health care, øincluding abortion,¿ and the State is op-posed to federal measures or initiatives that will reduce women’s rights or endanger wom-en’s health, in this regard, including the im-position of restrictions on insurance cov-erage for abortion, and the appointment of judges who are likely to impose limits on women’s rights and their access to reproduc-tive health care; and Whereas, New Jersey is already a leader on access to reproductive health care, and will work to continue to be such a leader, in support of both New Jersey women and women in the 20 states across the country who are poised to lose access to abortion care:, now, therefore, Replace Section 1 to read: 1. This House respectfully opposes efforts by the federal government to restrict øor limit¿ a woman’s right and ability to access the full range of reproductive services, in-cluding abortion. Insert new Section 2 to read: 2. This House affirms our commitment to the protection of reproductive health care services, including abortion, in New Jersey, and will com-mit to ensure that access to this care does not depend on a person’s income, zip code, or immi-gration status. Replace section 2 to read: ø2.¿ 3. This House respectfully opposes any future nominee to the United States Supreme Court or any other court who is not com-mitted to upholding a woman’s right to re-productive health care, including equitable access to abortion, and it respectfully calls upon the United States Congress to reject any future judicial nominees who would move to limit the rights of women. Omit Section 3 in its entirety Replace Section 4 to read: This House further urges the Congress and President of the United States to remove øany existing restrictions on access to abor-tion, including¿ restrictions on insurance coverage for women who are enrolled in pub-lic insurance programs. 
POM–310. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to the length of a regular term for United States Senators; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Report to accompany S. 2679, a bill to pro-vide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to veteran-owned small businesses (Rept. No. 115–414). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 1965. A bill to amend the Marine Mam-mal Protection Act of 1972 to protect the cul-tural practices and livelihoods of producers of Alaska Native handicrafts and traditional mammoth ivory products, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–415). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 857. A bill to provide for conservation and enhanced recreation activities in the California Desert Conservation Area, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–416). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Report to accompany H.R. 2075, To adjust the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Can-yon-Steelhead Falls and Deschutes Canyon Wilderness Study Areas in the State of Or-egon to facilitate fire prevention and re-sponse activities to protect private property, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–417). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 3050. A bill to improve executive agency digital services, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–418). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: H.R. 6439. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the De-partment of Homeland Security the Biomet-ric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–419). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 441. A bill to designate the Organ Moun-tains and other public land as components of the National Wilderness Preservation Sys-tem in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes. S. 2160. A bill to establish a pilot program under the Chief of the Forest Service may use alternative dispute resolution in lieu of judicial review of certain projects. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 2809. A bill to establish the San Rafael Swell Western Heritage and Historic Mining National Conservation Area in the State of Utah, to designate wilderness areas in the State, to provide for certain land convey-ances, and for other purposes. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ROBERTS for the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. *Naomi C. Earp, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Agriculture. *Mindy Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Food Safety. *Scott Hutchins, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Research, Edu-cation, and Economics. By Mr. BLUNT for the Committee on Rules and Administration. *Donald L. Palmer, of Florida, to be a Member of the Election Assistance Commis-sion for a term expiring December 12, 2021. *Benjamin Hovland, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Election Assistance Commis-sion for a term expiring December 12, 2019. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. HARRIS: S. 3704. A bill to establish the San Gabriel National Recreation Area as a unit of the National Park System in the State of Cali-fornia, to modify the boundaries of the San Gabriel Mountains National Monument in the State of California to include additional National Forest System land, to designate certain Federal land in the State of Cali-fornia as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation Sys-tem, to designate portions of the San Gabriel River and Little Rock Creek in that State as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. HARRIS: S. 3705. A bill to provide for restoration, economic development, recreation, and con-servation on Federal lands in Northern Cali-fornia, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 3706. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. 3707. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a vulner-ability disclosure policy for Department of Homeland Security internet websites, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05DE6.023 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7319 December 5, 2018 
By Mr. PAUL: S. 3708. A bill to end the practice of includ-ing more than one subject in a single bill by requiring that each bill enacted by Congress be limited to only one subject, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Mr. PAUL: S. 3709. A bill to preserve the constitu-tional authority of Congress and ensure ac-countability and transparency in legislation; to the Committee on Rules and Administra-tion. By Mr. PAUL: S. 3710. A bill to end the unconstitutional delegation of legislative power which was ex-clusively vested in the Senate and House of Representatives by article I, section I of the Constitution of the United States, and to di-rect the Comptroller General of the United States to issue a report to Congress detailing the extent of the problem of unconstitu-tional delegation to the end that such dele-gations can be phased out, thereby restoring the constitutional principle of separation of powers set forth in the first sections of the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. MERKLEY: S. 3711. A bill to establish an annual fee ap-plicable to opioid manufacturers; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. HARRIS: S. 3712. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish a refundable tax credit to increase the take-home pay of American workers and enhance their finan-cial stability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 3713. A bill to appropriate $25,000,000,000 for the construction of a border wall between the United States and Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. Y
OUNG , and Mr. C OONS ): S. Res. 714. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that Crown Prince Mo-hammed bin Salman bin Abd al Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia be held accountable for con-tributing to the humanitarian crisis in Yemen, preventing a resolution to the block-ade of Qatar, the jailing and torture of dis-sidents and activists inside the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the use of force to intimidate rivals, and the abhorrent and unjustified murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORKER , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D AINES , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. HASSAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. H YDE- S
MITH, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. K
YL, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L
EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. Res. 715. A resolution honoring the life of President George Herbert Walker Bush; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 352 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 352, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to Master Sergeant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Edmonds in recogni-tion of his heroic actions during World War II. 
S. 384 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 384, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 439, a bill to amend part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to ensure that mental health screenings and assessments are pro-vided to children and youth upon entry into foster care. 
S. 1307 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1307, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-pand eligibility to receive refundable tax credits for coverage under a quali-fied health plan. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 2412 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2412, a bill to support the successful implementation of the 1991 Paris Peace Agreement in Cambodia, and for other purposes. S. 2764 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2764, a bill to amend and enhance the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act to improve the conservation of sharks, and for other purposes. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2957, a bill to amend the Horse Protec-tion Act to designate additional unlaw-ful acts under the Act, strengthen pen-alties for violations of the Act, im-prove Department of Agriculture en-forcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 3119 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Wash-ington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3119, a bill to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Co-lumbia River and its tributaries to pro-tect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish spe-cies. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. 
S. 3200 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3200, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an alter-native removal for performance or mis-conduct for Federal employees. 
S. 3231 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3231, a bill to establish the Task Force on the Impact of the Affordable Hous-ing Crisis, and for other purposes. 
S. 3324 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3324, a bill to establish a voluntary program in the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to encourage consumers to purchase or lease new automobiles made in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 3649 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Montana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05DE6.016 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7320 December 5, 2018 
(Mr. D AINES ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 3649, a bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon re-lease from prison, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 3706. A bill to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to con-duct a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3706 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States Ports of Entry Threat and Oper-ational Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PORTS OF ENTRY THREAT AND OPER-ATIONAL ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The threat and operational analysis required under paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the following: (A) Current and potential threats posed by individuals and organized groups seeking— (i) to exploit security vulnerabilities at ports of entry; or (ii) to unlawfully enter the United States through such ports of entry. (B) Methods and pathways used to exploit security vulnerabilities at ports of entry. (C) Improvements needed at ports of entry to prevent the unlawful movement of people, illicit drugs, and other contraband across the borders of the United States. (D) Improvements needed to enhance trav-el and trade facilitation and reduce wait times at ports of entry, including— (i) security vulnerabilities associated with prolonged wait times; (ii) current technology at ports of entry that can be adapted to handle more volume, increase efficiency, and improve accuracy of detection efforts; and (iii) infrastructure additions and upgrades. (E) Processes conducted at ports of entry that do not require law enforcement training and could be— (i) filled with— (I) non-law enforcement staff; or (II) the private sector, for processes or ac-tivities determined to not be inherently gov-ernmental (as such term is defined in section 5 of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–270)); or (ii) automated. (F) Improvements needed during secondary inspections to meet food safety standards de-fined by applicable statutes for the commod-ities being inspected. (3) ANALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—In compiling the threat and operational analysis required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Home-land Security, acting through the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, shall consider and examine the fol-lowing: (A) Personnel needs, including K–9 Units, and estimated costs, at each port of entry, including such needs and challenges associ-ated with recruitment and hiring. (B) Technology needs, including radiation portal monitors and non-intrusive inspection technology, and estimated costs at each port of entry. (C) Infrastructure needs and estimated costs at each port of entry. (b) P
ORTS OF ENTRY STRATEGY AND IMPLE -
MENTATION PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the submission of the threat and oper-ational analysis required under subsection (a) and every 5 years thereafter for 10 years, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a ports of entry strategy and imple-mentation plan. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The ports of entry strategy and implementation plan required under paragraph (1) shall include a consideration of the following: (A) The ports of entry threat and oper-ational analysis required under subsection (a), with an emphasis on efforts to mitigate threats and challenges identified in such analysis. (B) Efforts to reduce wait times at ports of entry and standards against which the effec-tiveness of such efforts may be determined. (C) Efforts to prevent the unlawful move-ment of people, illicit drugs, and other con-traband across the borders of the United States at the earliest possible point at ports of entry and standards against which the ef-fectiveness of such efforts may be deter-mined. (D) Efforts to focus intelligence collection and information analysis to disrupt transnational criminal organizations at-tempting to exploit vulnerabilities at ports of entry and standards against which the ef-fectiveness of such efforts may be deter-mined. (E) Efforts to verify that any new port of entry technology acquisition can be oper-ationally integrated with existing tech-nologies in use by the Department of Home-land Security. (F) Lessons learned from reports on the business transformation initiative under sec-tion 802(i)(1) of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–125). (G) CBP staffing requirements for all ports of entry. (H) Efforts to identify and detect fraudu-lent documents at ports of entry and stand-ards against which the effectiveness of such efforts may be determined. (I) Efforts to prevent, detect, investigate, and mitigate corruption at ports of entry and standards against which the effective-ness of such efforts may be determined. (c) P
ORTS OF ENTRY DESCRIBED .—In this section, the term ‘‘ports of entry’’ means United States air, land, and sea ports of entry. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 714—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT CROWN PRINCE MOHAMMED BIN SALMAN BIN ABD AL AZIZ AL SAUD OF SAUDI ARABIA BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR CONTRIBUTING TO THE HU-MANITARIAN CRISIS IN YEMEN, PREVENTING A RESOLUTION TO THE BLOCKADE OF QATAR, THE JAILING AND TORTURE OF DIS-SIDENTS AND ACTIVISTS INSIDE THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARA-BIA, THE USE OF FORCE TO IN-TIMIDATE RIVALS, AND THE AB-HORRENT AND UNJUSTIFIED MURDER OF JOURNALIST JAMAL KHASHOGGI Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. Y
OUNG , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 714 Whereas following the accession of King Salman bin Abd al Aziz Al Saud to the throne of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in January 2015, King Salman appointed his son, Prince Mohammed bin Salman, as Min-ister of Defense; Whereas, on April 29, 2015, King Salman ap-pointed Prince Mohammed bin Salman as Deputy Crown Prince and elevated him to the line of succession; Whereas, on June 21, 2017, King Salman ap-pointed Prince Mohammed bin Salman as Crown Prince and heir apparent to the Saudi throne; Whereas Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has frequently disregarded the rights of Saudi citizens and in an effort to consoli-date his personal control over Saudi govern-ment decision-making; Whereas, following his appointment as Crown Prince, Mohammed bin Salman began carrying out a systematic purge of individ-uals opposed or agnostic to his rule and vi-sion; Whereas, in November 2017, numerous members of the royal family, prominent businessmen, cabinet ministers, and former officials within Saudi Arabia were detained and allegedly tortured in Riyadh’s Ritz- Carlton hotel at the order of Mohammed Bin Salman; Whereas one of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman’s first acts as Minister of De-fense was to launch a military campaign in Yemen with the stated objective of restoring the internationally recognized Government of Yemen, which had been forced out of Yemen by the Iran-backed Houthi rebels; Whereas, in March 2015, Saudi Arabia insti-tuted a naval and aerial blockade on Yemen, and currently maintains strict limits on air and sea transit to the country which con-tribute to delays of critical humanitarian aid and commercial supplies to a nation that imports as much as 90 percent of its food and relies on imported fuel; Whereas the Saudi-led intervention in Yemen is in its fourth year and has contrib-uted to 22,200,000 Yemenis needing humani-tarian assistance; Whereas, on December 4, 2018, President Donald J. Trump’s nominee to serve as the Ambassador to the Republic of Yemen testi-fied that the ongoing civil war in Yemen has exacerbated the world’s largest food security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05DE6.017 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7321 December 5, 2018 
emergency, created power vacuums that ter-rorists have exploited, facilitated Iran’s am-bitions, and complicated United States counterterrorism efforts; Whereas, on June 5, 2017, Saudi Arabia, along with the United Arab Emirates, Bah-rain, Egypt, and other countries, severed dip-lomatic relations with Qatar, recalled their ambassadors, expelled Qatari diplomats, and imposed limits on the entry and transit of Qatari nationals and vessels in their terri-tories, waters, and airspace; Whereas the blockade against Qatar has significantly complicated relationships in the region and hindered United States counterterrorism and counter-Iran objec-tives, and undermined United States efforts to end conflicts across the region; Whereas, in November 2017, Mohammed bin Salman pressured Lebanon’s Prime Minister, Saad Hariri, to resign from his position via a television broadcast while in Saudi Arabia; Whereas, according to the organization Re-porters without Borders, the arrest of jour-nalists and bloggers has doubled since the appointment of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, and an estimated 28 individuals are currently still detained; Whereas, under Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the Government of Saudi Arabia continues to detain political prisoners, in-cluding Saudi blogger Raif Badawi since 2012 and Saudi women’s right activists since Au-gust 2018; Whereas Jamal Khashoggi was a prominent Saudi journalist and an outspoken critic of Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman; Whereas, on September 18, 2017, Jamal Khashoggi wrote of increased ‘‘waves of ar-rests ahead of the Crown Prince’s ascension to the throne,’’ and stated that he had left Saudi Arabia and gone into self-imposed exile in the United States of America due to his fear of arrest by the Crown Prince; Whereas, throughout 2017 and 2018, Jamal Khashoggi wrote a series of opinion articles offering pointed critiques and advice to Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and to United States and Saudi officials; Whereas, prior to his death, Jamal Khashoggi had sought status as a lawful per-manent resident of the United States and was the father to three United States citi-zens; Whereas, on October 2, 2018, Jamal Khashoggi disappeared during a visit to the Consulate of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in Istanbul, Turkey; Whereas, following the disappearance, Turkish authorities reported that Jamal Khashoggi had been murdered inside the Saudi consulate; Whereas, on October 8, 2018, the brother of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and Saudi Ambassador to the United States, Prince Khalid bin Salman, stated that ‘‘the reports that suggest that Jamal Khashoggi went missing in the Consulate in Istanbul or that the Kingdom’s authorities have de-tained him or killed him are absolutely false, and baseless’’; Whereas, on October 19, 2018, the Saudi Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Mr. Khashoggi was murdered inside the Saudi consulate by Saudi nationals on Octo-ber 2, 2018; and Whereas, on November 15, 2018, the United States Department of the Treasury sanc-tioned 17 Saudi officials, including senior Saudi government official Saud al-Qahtani, his subordinate Maher Mutreb, and Saudi Consul General Mohammed Alotaibi, for their connection to the killing of Jamal Khashoggi, including some individuals who worked directly for Crown Prince Moham-med bin Salman and his personal security apparatus: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns in the strongest possible terms the murder of Jamal Khashoggi; (2) finds that as Crown Prince, Mohammed bin Salman was in control of the security forces at the time of Jamal Khashoggi’s mur-der; (3) based on evidence and analysis made available to this institution, has a high level of confidence that Mohammed bin Salman was complicit in the murder of Jamal Khashoggi; (4) urges the United States Government and the international community to hold all parties, including Mohammed bin Salman, involved in the murder of Jamal Khashoggi accountable; (5) calls on the Government of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia to negotiate directly with representatives of the Houthi move-ment in order to end the war in Yemen, agree on a political resolution, reverse the humanitarian crisis, and refocus efforts on defeating al Qaeda and ISIS in Yemen; (6) calls on the Government of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia to negotiate a political solution to its dispute with Qatar expedi-tiously and in a way that restores diplomatic relations with Qatar; and (7) urges the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to immediately release Saudi blogger Raif Badawi, the Saudi women’s rights activists, and other detained political prisoners. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 715—HON-ORING THE LIFE OF PRESIDENT GEORGE HERBERT WALKER BUSH Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. K YL, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M
ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W AR-
NER, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 715 Whereas George Herbert Walker Bush, the 41st President of the United States, was born on June 12, 1924, in Milton, Massachusetts, to former Senator Prescott Bush and Dorothy Walker Bush; Whereas George H.W. Bush was raised in Greenwich, Connecticut, and was active in leadership and athletics during high school; Whereas, after the attack on Pearl Harbor, George H.W. Bush enlisted in the United States Naval Reserve in 1942 on his 18th birthday, was assigned to a torpedo squadron as a photographic officer, and went on to be-come one of the youngest aviators in the Navy during World War II; Whereas, during an attack against Chichi Jima, a heavily fortified island held by Japa-nese forces, the aircraft George H.W. Bush was flying was damaged by Japanese anti- aircraft fire, however, George H.W. Bush re-leased his payload against his target before ejecting from the aircraft and being rescued by the USS Finback, a lifeguard submarine; Whereas George H.W. Bush served the United States honorably as a naval pilot dur-ing World War II, logging 1,228 hours of flight time, 126 carrier landings, and 58 combat missions; Whereas George H.W. Bush was awarded the United States Navy Air Medal with 2 gold stars and the Distinguished Flying Cross for bravery in action; Whereas, on January 6, 1945, George H.W. Bush married his great love and best friend, Barbara Pierce, and their marriage lasted 73 years, the longest presidential marriage in the history of the United States; Whereas, while enrolled at Yale University following World War II, George H.W. Bush played in 2 College World Series games as a left-handed first baseman and met Babe Ruth before graduating in 1948 with a degree in economics and moving to Texas with Bar-bara and his eldest son, George W. Bush; Whereas upon moving to West Texas, George H.W. Bush became a successful busi-nessman, establishing himself in the oil and gas industry before being elected to the House of Representatives in 1966; Whereas George H.W. Bush served 2 terms in the House of Representatives as Congress-man from the 7th District of Texas; Whereas George H.W. Bush served as United States Ambassador to the United Na-tions from 1971 to 1973, which led to the ap-pointment of George H.W. Bush as Chief of the United States Liaison Office in the Peo-ple’s Republic of China in 1974, improving re-lations between the United States and China during his 14-month tenure; Whereas President Gerald Ford appointed George H.W. Bush to serve as the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency in 1976; Whereas George H.W. Bush served as Vice President of the United States for 8 years under President Ronald Reagan, managing Federal deregulation, championing anti-drug efforts, combatting terrorism, and leading North Atlantic Treaty Organization negotia-tions during the Cold War; Whereas, in 1988, the people of the United States elected Vice President George H.W. Bush to serve as the 41st President of the United States, the first serving Vice Presi-dent to be elected President since 1836; Whereas President George H.W. Bush ap-pointed Justice Clarence Thomas and Justice David Souter to the Supreme Court of the United States; Whereas President George H.W. Bush worked closely with his international coun-terparts throughout his Presidency and oversaw the end of the Cold War, the fall of the Berlin Wall, and the reunification of Ger-many, and worked with Soviet leader Mi-khail Gorbachev to sign 2 treaties reducing the threat of nuclear war; Whereas the efforts of President George H.W. Bush to negotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement led to the adoption of that Agreement in 1993; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05DE6.020 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7322 December 5, 2018 
Whereas President George H.W. Bush pro-tected the Panama Canal from a corrupt re-gime, assembled a multinational force to compel the withdrawal of Iraq from Kuwait in the Persian Gulf War, and convened the Madrid Peace Conference in 1991; Whereas President George H.W. Bush worked with Congress to enact the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) and Public Law 101–549 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Clean Air Act Amend-ments of 1990’’) (104 Stat. 2399), hosted an education summit with Governors from all 50 States in the pursuit of systemic education reform, and capped discretionary spending that led to historic deficit cuts; Whereas President George H.W. Bush be-lieved ‘‘there could be no definition of a suc-cessful life that does not include service to others’’ and therefore, as President, launched the Points of Light initiative to promote volunteerism and community serv-ice across America and, while in office, awarded 1,020 Daily Points of Light to Amer-icans representing all 50 States; Whereas, after leaving office, President George H.W. Bush remained dedicated to vol-unteerism and community service, raising hundreds of millions of dollars for charity; Whereas President George H.W. Bush was the father of the 43rd President of the United States, George W. Bush, who was also the former Governor of Texas, and former Gov-ernor of Florida John (Jeb) Bush; Whereas, in 2009, the USS George H.W. Bush, a United States naval supercarrier, was commissioned and named after Presi-dent George H.W. Bush with the Motto ‘‘Freedom at Work’’; Whereas President George H.W. Bush ac-cepted the Presidential Medal of Freedom on February 15, 2011, from President Barack Obama; Whereas President George H.W. Bush never lost his zeal for life and adventure and com-memorated his 75th, 80th, 85th, and 90th birthdays with parachute jumps, the latter two with former Sergeant First Class Elliot of the United States Army Golden Knights parachute team; Whereas, President George H.W. Bush was a dedicated family man and husband of 73 years who, with Barbara, had 6 children, 17 grandchildren, and 8 great-grandchildren, and resided in Houston, Texas and Kennebunkport, Maine; and Whereas President George H.W. Bush showed unwavering love and devotion to his family, the United States, and the world: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) notes with deep sorrow and solemn mourning the death of President George H.W. Bush; (2) extends heartfelt sympathy to Presi-dent George W. Bush and the entire family of President George H.W. Bush; (3) honors and, on behalf of the United States, expresses deep appreciation for the outstanding and important service of Presi-dent George H.W. Bush to his country; (4) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate communicate this resolution to the House of Representatives and trans-mit an enrolled copy of this resolution to the family of President George H.W. Bush; and (5) when it adjourns on December 5, 2018, stands adjourned as a further mark of re-spect to the memory of President George H.W. Bush. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I have 2 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE  
The Committee on Agriculture is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, December 05, 2018, at 4 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION  
The Committee on Rules and Admin-istration is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, December 05, 2018, at 4 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Robert Ivanauskas, a Federal Energy Regu-latory Committee detailee with the Senate Energy Committee, be granted privileges of the floor until and through December 21, 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I also ask unanimous consent that my military fellow, our military detailee, MAJ Aaron House be given floor privileges during the duration of my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PRESI-DENT GEORGE HERBERT WALK-ER BUSH Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 715, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 715) honoring the life of President George Herbert Walker Bush. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 715) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 2018 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, De-cember 6; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the McNamee nomination, with the time until 12 noon equally di-vided between the two leaders or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the provisions of S. Res. 715 and do so as a further mark of respect for the late George Herbert Walker Bush, 41st President of the United States. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:37 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, December 6, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05DE6.021 S05DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1599 December 5, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, De-cember 6, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
DECEMBER 11 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion. SD–538 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Courtney Dunbar Jones, of Vir-ginia, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court. SD–215 Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine Customs and Border Protection. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To receive a closed briefing on recent Chinese and Russian naval activities. SVC–217 DECEMBER 12 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold hearings to examine implica-tions of China’s presence and invest-ment in Africa. SR–232A Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps readiness. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine S. 2395, to amend title 54, United States Code, to authorize the provision of technical as-sistance under the Preserve America Program and to direct the Secretary of the Interior to enter into partnerships with communities adjacent to units of the National Park System to leverage local cultural heritage tourism assets, S. 2895 and H.R. 5613, bills to designate the Quindaro Townsite National His-toric Landmark, S. 3291, to reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route, S. 3439 and H.R. 5532, bills to re-designate the Reconstruction Era Na-tional Monument as the Reconstruc-tion Era National Historical Park, S. 3468, to amend the Wild and Scenic Riv-ers Act to designate segments of the Nashua, Squannacook, and Nissitissit Rivers as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 3505, to pro-vide for partnerships among State and local governments, regional entities, and the private sector to preserve, con-serve, and enhance the visitor experi-ence at nationally significant battle-fields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War, S. 3527 and H.R. 5585, bills to extend the authorization for the Cape Cod National Seashore Ad-visory Commission, S. 3533, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to des-ignate certain river segments within the Wood-Pawcatuck watershed as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 3545, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to improve home health pay-ment reforms under the Medicare pro-gram, S. 3571 and H.R. 5420, bills to au-thorize the acquisition of land for addi-tion to the Home of Franklin D. Roo-sevelt National Historic Site in the State of New York, S. 3646, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to accept certain properties in the State of Mis-souri, S. 3609 and H.R. 801, bills to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 National His-toric Trail, S. 3659, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’, H.R. 1220, to es-tablish the Adams Memorial Commis-sion to carry out the provisions of Pub-lic Law 107–62, H.R. 3607, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to estab-lish fees for medical services provided in units of the National Park System, H.R. 3961, to amend the Wild and Sce-nic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Kissimmee River and its tribu-taries in the State of Florida for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, H.R. 5005, to direct the Secretary of the In-terior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birth-place of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System, H.R. 5706, to es-tablish the Pearl Harbor National Me-morial in the State of Hawai’i and the Honouliuli National Historic Site in the State of Hawai’i, H.R. 6077, recog-nizing the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York, H.R. 6599, to modify the application of temporary limited appointment regulations to the National Park Service, and H.R. 6687, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to manage the Point Reyes National Seashore in the State of California con-sistently with Congress’ long-standing intent to continue to authorize work-ing dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the seashore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values. SD–366 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine China’s non- traditional espionage against the United States, focusing on the threat and potential policy responses. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the missing and murdered, focusing on confronting the silent crisis in Indian country. SD–628 Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 DECEMBER 19 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine a compara-tive look at competition law ap-proaches to monopoly and abuse of dominance in the United States and European Union. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M05DE8.000 E05DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D1242 Wednesday, December 5, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7299–S7322 Measures Introduced: Ten bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3704–3713, and S. Res. 714–715.
                                               Pages S7318–19 
Measures Reported: Report to accompany S. 2679, to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to veteran-owned small businesses. (S. Rept. No. 115–414) S. 1965, to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to protect the cultural practices and livelihoods of producers of Alaska Native handicrafts and traditional mammoth ivory products, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–415) H.R. 857, to provide for conservation and en-hanced recreation activities in the California Desert Conservation Area, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–416) Report to accompany H.R. 2075, to adjust the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon-Steelhead Falls and Deschutes Canyon Wilderness Study Areas in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire prevention and response activities to protect private property. (S. Rept. No. 115–417) S. 3050, to improve executive agency digital serv-ices, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–418) H.R. 6439, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security the Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–419) S. 441, to designate the Organ Mountains and other public land as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System in the State of New Mexico, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. S. 2160, to establish a pilot program under the Chief of the Forest Service may use alternative dis-pute resolution in lieu of judicial review of certain projects, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. S. 2809, to establish the San Rafael Swell Western Heritage and Historic Mining National Conservation Area in the State of Utah, to designate wilderness areas in the State, to provide for certain land convey-ances, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.                                                                             Page S7318 
Measures Passed: Honoring President George Herbert Walker Bush: Senate agreed to S. Res. 715, honoring the life of President George Herbert Walker Bush. 
                                                                                            Page S7322 
McNamee Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission.
      Pages S7300–14 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. EX. 253), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S7304 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, all post-clo-ture time on the nomination expire at 12 noon, on Thursday, December 6, 2018; and that following disposition of the nomination, Senate resume consid-eration of the nomination of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, post-cloture, and the time be equally divided until 1:45 p.m.; and that following the use or yielding back of that time, Sen-ate vote on confirmation of the nomination of Kath-leen Laura Kraninger as under the order of Wednes-day, November 28, 2018.
                             Pages S7313–14 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, December 6, 2018, with the time until 12 noon equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees.
                                   Page S7322 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7316 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7316–17 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S7317–18 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S7318 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05DE8.REC D05DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1243 December 5, 2018 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7319–20 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S7320 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7315–16 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7322 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7322 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—253)
                                                                Page S7304 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2:30 p.m. and adjourned, as a further mark of respect to the mem-ory of the late President George Herbert Walker Bush, in accordance with S. Res. 715, at 6:47 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, December 6, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7322.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Mindy Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Secretary for Food Safety, Naomi C. Earp, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Scott Hutchins, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Economics, all of the Department of Agriculture. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Rules and Administration: Committee or-dered favorably reported the nominations of Donald L. Palmer, of Florida, and Benjamin Hovland, of Maryland, both to be a Member of the Election As-sistance Commission. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Thursday, De-cember 6, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to receive a closed briefing on the security situation in Afghanistan, 10:30 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine proxy process and rules, focus-ing on current practices and potential changes, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine preparing for mari-time transportation in a changing arctic, 9:30 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy, to hold hearings to examine Zimbabwe after the elections, 10 a.m., S–419, Capitol. Committee on Rules and Administration: to hold an over-sight hearing to examine the Architect of the Capitol’s human resources policies, 11 a.m., SR–301. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05DE8.REC D05DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1244 December 5, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, December 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, of Vir-ginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12 noon. Following disposition of the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, Senate will resume consideration of the nomi-nation of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Di-rector, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, post-clo-ture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 1:45 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Thursday, December 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: The House will meet at 12 noon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Dec 06, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D05DE8.REC D05DEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST