Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3709 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 2018 No. 69 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, April 30, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , APRIL 27, 2018 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 27, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
IKEJOHN-
SONto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. As the Members of this people’s House deliberate these days, give them the wisdom and magnanimity to lay aside what might divide us as a people to forge a secure future for our coun-try. We pray for all people who have spe-cial needs. May Your presence be known to those who are sick, that they might feel the power of Your healing spirit. Inspire the men and women who serve in this House to be their best selves, that they may in turn be an in-spiration to the Nation and to the world. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CURTIS led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
NATIONAL PARK WEEK (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today during Na-tional Park Week to celebrate Amer-ica’s treasures, our national parks. For 1 week each April, the National Park Service joins with the National Park Foundation, the official charity of America’s national parks, to cele-brate National Park Week. This is a time to explore amazing places, dis-cover stories of history and culture, and take in all the beautiful public lands our Nation has to offer. National Park Week began last Sat-urday, April 21, and runs through Sun-day, April 29. The theme for National Park Week in 2018 is ‘‘Park Stars,’’ celebrating everything from starry skies to superstar volunteers, park fea-tures, and resources. Parks, programs, and partners na-tionwide invite people everywhere to explore stories, experiences, and sites that brighten the national park system and public lands. Parks across the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.000 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3710 April 27, 2018 
country have hosted a variety of events throughout the week. Today is Mili-tary and Veteran Recognition Day. The National Park Service employs more than 5,800 Active-Duty veterans in a wide array of careers. Mr. Speaker, our national parks are truly remarkable, and I encourage ev-eryone to experience their breath-taking beauty. Happy National Park Week. 
f 
NATIONAL DAY OF SILENCE (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National Day of Silence, a day of silence to bring atten-tion to the discrimination and harass-ment faced by our LGBT youth across our country. Eight out of ten LGBT students are harassed because of their sexual ori-entation or gender identity by the time they graduate from high school, stu-dents like Annie Hsu, at Santa Cruz High School in my district on the cen-tral coast of California, who has said that ‘‘we must be unafraid to stand up against marginalization.’’ This month, those of us on the LGBT Equality Caucus took that stand by in-troducing the Student Non-Discrimina-tion Act. This bill would prohibit dis-crimination in public schools based on actual or perceived gender, sexual ori-entation, or gender identity, and it would protect students from the in-timidation and violence they may re-ceive. By standing up and speaking out, Annie and other LGBT students give us motivation to push forward and pass laws that will protect every student in every school across every community so that they are not afraid to be them-selves. 
f 
OPIOID USE DURING PREGNANCY (Mr. CURTIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the POPPY Study Act, which will improve research and awareness of opioid use disorder during pregnancy. The opioid epidemic is a national cri-sis and has hit particularly hard in Utah. Unfortunately, Utah’s drug over-dose rate is ranked among the highest in the Nation. Six Utahns die every week from an opioid overdose. Sadly, Utah also has the highest rate of opioid prescriptions for pregnant mothers in the country, double the national aver-age. Women have been disproportionately affected by the opioid epidemic, and little is understood about the effect this has had on pregnant women. That is why I have introduced the POPPY Study Act, to improve our under-standing of prescription opioid use dur-ing pregnancy, the effects that it can have on a mother and child, and how we can best help those who are preg-nant and suffering from opioid use dis-order. It is my hope that the POPPY Study Act will improve the care and well- being of our expecting mothers and their children. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF VEL PHILLIPS (Ms. MOORE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of a phenomenal woman, Vel Phillips, who hails from my hometown, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Vel Phillips passed away this month at the age of 95, but not before she led a phenomenal life. She was the first of so many things: the first African American and the first woman to be-come an alderman in the city of Mil-waukee; the first African American to graduate from the University of Wis-consin-Madison; the first African- American judge in Milwaukee County; the first and only African American to win election statewide. Members may have heard of Father James Groppi, who led 200 days of marches for open housing. That was in support of Vel Phillips’ open housing ordinance in the city of Milwaukee on the Common Council, where it was de-feated, repeatedly, 18–1. That led to the signature of open housing legislation nationwide. She was the first Black person to serve on either the DNC or RNC. I hope the House will join me in hon-oring the great life of Vel Phillips. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS WEEK (Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday marks the begin-ning of Small Business Week, where, as a nation, we come together to show support for the many risk takers, en-trepreneurs, and mom-and-pop shops that make America great. More than 99 percent of all businesses in the United States are classified as small businesses, and they are respon-sible for two out of every three jobs that are created in this country. That is why we often refer to small busi-nesses as the backbone of the U.S. economy. Thankfully, the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has given a boost to these operations, which is directly translating into more jobs, better pay, and new investments and expansion across America. I have traveled all across the 15 par-ishes of my district, Mr. Speaker, over the last few months, and no matter where I go, our constituents tell us how the historic reform has helped them and all of our local mom-and-pop shops. Hardworking Americans every-where, from all walks of life, are reap-ing the benefits of our reforms, and the best is yet to come. So, for Small Business Week, which is next week, I want to thank all those who truly are the backbone of our economy. Keep up the good work, and we will continue to fight for you in Washington. f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 839 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 4. Will the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ) kindly take the chair. b0911 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, and for other purposes, with Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Thursday, April 26, 2018, amendment No. 87 print-ed in House Report 115–650, offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ), had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
SHUSTER OF PENNSYLVANIA  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, pursu-ant to House Resolution 839, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 4 consisting of amendment Nos. 102, 103, 105, 106, 109, 111, 113, and 116 printed in part A of House Report 115–650, offered by Mr. S
HUSTER of Pennsylvania: 
AMENDMENT NO . 102 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 270, line 21, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 271, line 2, strike the quotation marks and both periods and insert a semi-colon. Page 271, after line 2, insert the following: ‘‘(13) removing standing burned trees; and ‘‘(14) replacing water systems that have been burned and have caused contamina-tion.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 103 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
OF MASSACHUSETTS  Page 273, line 12, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.002 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3711 April 27, 2018 
Page 273, line 16, strike the period and in-sert ‘‘; and’’. Page 273, after line 16, insert the following: (3) how State, Tribal, and local govern-ments, first responders, utility companies, hospitals, nursing homes, and other long- term care facilities should develop a strat-egy to coordinate emergency response plans, including the activation of emergency re-sponse plans, in anticipation of a major dis-aster, including severe weather events. 
AMENDMENT NO . 105 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
OF NORTH CAROLINA  Page 297, line 12, insert ‘‘the Disaster As-sistance Working Group of the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Effi-ciency,’’ after ‘‘Development,’’. Page 297, line 22, insert ‘‘the Disaster As-sistance Working Group of the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Effi-ciency,’’ after ‘‘Development,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 106 OFFERED BY MR . 
BLUMENAUER OF OREGON  Add at the end of title VI: 
SEC. 637. ELIGIBILITY FOR CODE IMPLEMENTA-TION AND ENFORCEMENT. 
Section 402 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170a) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (4); (2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) provide assistance to State and local governments for building code and floodplain management ordinance administration and enforcement, including inspections for sub-stantial damage compliance.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 109 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of title VI, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. GAO REPORT ON LONG-TERM RECOV-ERY EFFORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 240 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress a report on long-term recovery efforts following Hurricane Andrew, the attacks of September 11, 2001, Hurricane Katrina, Hur-ricane Ike, and Hurricane Sandy. (b) C
ONTENT OF REPORT .—The report shall contain the following: (1) Information on defining a long-term re-covery, the stages of a long-term recovery, and the transition from Federal Government management of long-term recovery efforts to State and local leadership. (2) An assessment of the personnel needed, and the types of expertise or certifications required to accomplish the administration and management of recovery efforts for each of the disasters described in subsection (a). (3) An analysis of the success and effi-ciency of the long-term disaster recovery, and best practices learned that may be ap-plied to future long-term disaster recovery plans. (4) Recommendations of the Comptroller General for what should be defined as a long- term disaster recovery project using existing authority and responsibility of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to advise and make recommendations to the President regarding Presidential Disaster Declarations. (5) Recommendations of FEMA on the ca-pacity and competence of FEMA to manage multiple major Presidential Disaster Dec-larations simultaneously of the magnitude of 3, 4, or all 5 of the disasters described in sub-section (a) occurring within weeks of each other. AMENDMENT NO . 111 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
OF MASSACHUSETTS  At the end of title VI (page 322, after line 24), add the following new section: 
SEC. 637. GUIDANCE AND TRAINING BY FEMA ON COORDINATION OF EMERGENCY RE-SPONSE PLANS. 
(a) T RAINING REQUIREMENT .—The Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency shall provide guidance and training on an annual basis to State, local, and Tribal governments, first responders, and facilities that store hazardous materials on coordination of emergency response plans in the event of a major disaster or emer-gency, including severe weather events. The guidance and training shall include the fol-lowing: (1) Providing a list of equipment required in the event a hazardous substance is re-leased into the environment. (2) Outlining the health risks associated with exposure to hazardous substances to improve treatment response. (3) Publishing best practices for mitigating further danger to communities from haz-ardous substances. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The requirement of subsection (a) shall be implemented not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 113 OFFERED BY MR . 
CARTWRIGHT OF PENNSYLVANIA  Add at the end of the bill the following: TITLE IX—PREPAREDNESS AND RISK MANAGEMENT FOR EXTREME WEATHER PATTERNS ASSURING RESILIENCE AND EFFECTIVENESS 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Prepared-ness and Risk Management for Extreme Weather Patterns Assuring Resilience and Effectiveness Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘PREPARE Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 902. INTERAGENCY COUNCIL ON EXTREME WEATHER RESILIENCE, PREPARED-NESS, AND RISK IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby es-tablished a council to be known as the ‘‘Interagency Council on Extreme Weather Resilience, Preparedness, and Risk Identi-fication and Management’’. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Interagency Council shall be composed of the following: (1) Senior officials, to be appointed by the President, including representation from the following: (A) The Council on Environmental Quality. (B) The Office of Science and Technology Policy. (C) The National Security Council. (D) The Office of Management and Budget. (E) The Department of Transportation. (F) The Environmental Protection Agency. (G) The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. (H) The Department of Energy. (I) The Department of Homeland Security. (J) The Federal Emergency Management Agency. (K) The Department of Defense. (L) The National Aeronautics and Space Administration. (M) The Department of Agriculture. (N) The Department of Housing and Urban Development. (O) The Department of Justice. (2) Senior officials, to be appointed by the President, who have relevant policy exper-tise and policy responsibilities, including in the following areas: (A) Economic policy and risk analysis. (B) Foreign affairs. (C) Defense and intelligence. (D) Homeland security. (E) Energy. (F) Environmental protection. (G) Natural resources. (H) Coasts, oceans, rivers, and floodplains. (I) Agriculture. (J) Health. (K) Transportation and infrastructure. (L) Housing. (M) Education. (N) Extreme weather data analysis or me-teorological science. (O) Social science. (P) Strategic planning. (Q) Urban and land use planning. (R) Other areas the President determines appropriate. (c) CO-CHAIRPERSONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Interagency Council shall be co-chaired by the Deputy Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security and the Deputy Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget. The President may ap-point one or more additional members as co- chairs, as appropriate. (2) D
UTIES .—The co-chairpersons shall— (A) oversee the Interagency Council’s re-sponse to the Government Accountability Office’s recommendations under subsection (f)(5); (B) use the evaluation framework and per-formance metrics developed pursuant to sub-section (f)(6) to evaluate agency progress in meeting the goals and implementing the pri-orities described in subsection (f)(1)(A); and (C) work to ensure that sufficient re-sources are available for agencies to— (i) meet the goals and implement the prior-ities described in subsection (f)(1)(A); and (ii) implement the recommendations devel-oped under subsection (f)(2). (d) A
DMINISTRATION .—The co-chairpersons of the Interagency Council (or staff designed by the co-chairpersons) shall provide admin-istrative support and additional resources, as appropriate, to the Interagency Council to the extent permitted by law and within ex-isting appropriations. The Interagency Coun-cil co-chairpersons shall determine the amount of funding and personnel necessary for the Interagency Council to carry out its duties and the amount of funding and per-sonnel each agency represented on the Inter-agency Council should contribute in order for the Interagency Council to carry out such duties. Agencies shall, upon the request of the co-chairpersons of the Interagency Council, make available personnel, adminis-trative support services, and information to the Interagency Council. (e) S
TRUCTURE .— (1) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .—The co-chair-persons of the Interagency Council shall des-ignate a subset of members of the Inter-agency Council to serve on a steering com-mittee. Such steering committee shall assist the Interagency Council in determining its priorities and its strategic direction. (2) W
ORKING GROUPS .—The co-chairpersons of the Interagency Council and its steering committee may establish working groups as needed. (f) D
UTIES OF THE INTERAGENCY COUNCIL .— (1) G
OALS AND PRIORITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Interagency Council shall establish Governmentwide goals and priorities for extreme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management. In establishing such goals and priorities, the Interagency Council shall con-sider the National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan, agency continuity of operations plans, the National Preparedness Goal, the National Prepared-ness Report, the National Global Change Re-search Plan, the Mitigation Framework Leadership Group’s National Mitigation In-vestment Strategy (if available), State and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.002 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3712 April 27, 2018 
local mitigation plans, and all relevant pro-visions of the Government Accountability Office’s High-Risk Series. (B) C
OORDINATION .—In executing the duties pursuant to this subsection, the Interagency Council shall coordinate with other groups in the Federal Government focused on ex-treme weather mitigation and recovery (in-cluding the Mitigation Framework Leader-ship Group, the Recovery Support Functions Leaders Group, and the Emergency Support Functions Leaders Group), to avoid duplica-tion among Federal activities to the extent practicable. (C) I
NCORPORATION INTO AGENCY ACTIVI -
TIES.—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Interagency Council shall, in order to ensure that information relating to extreme weath-er resilience, preparedness, and risk identi-fication and management is incorporated into everyday agency activities— (i) work with agencies to assist such agen-cies in considering the goals and priorities described in subparagraph (A) in agency stra-tegic, programmatic, and budget planning; (ii) identify details to be included in agen-cy extreme weather plans; and (iii) work to identify and communicate lo-calized extreme weather and natural hazard risk to the extent possible using the best available information regarding risk, and en-courage the development of thorough, up-dated maps, models, and tools to measure and evaluate risk. (2) P
RIORITY INTERAGENCY FEDERAL AC -
TIONS .—The Interagency Council shall de-velop, recommend, coordinate, and track im-plementation of priority interagency Federal Government actions related to extreme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management. (3) S
UPPORT REGIONAL , STATE , AND LOCAL  
ACTIONS .—The Interagency Council shall sup-port regional, State, and local action to as-sess extreme weather-related vulnerabilities and cost effectively increase extreme weath-er resilience, preparedness, and risk identi-fication and management of communities, critical economic sectors, natural and built infrastructure, and natural resources, in-cluding by— (A) conducting inventories under section 906; (B) convening meetings under section 907; (C) providing guidance to agencies to produce tools and products that enhance ex-treme weather resilience planning, risk knowledge, and actions for use in all levels of government, including guidance on how to prioritize funding in order to produce such tools and products; and (D) reviewing State and local mitigation plans. (4) M
ETEOROLOGICAL AND EXTREME WEATHER  
SCIENCE .—The Interagency Council shall fa-cilitate the integration of meteorological and extreme weather science, in addition to other scientific disciplines such as physical, natural, and social science that the Council determines to be appropriate, in the policies risk evaluation and communication, and planning of agencies and the private sector, including by— (A) promoting the development of innova-tive, actionable, and accessible Federal ex-treme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management-related information, data, tools, and examples of successful actions at appropriate scales for decisionmakers; and (B) providing such information, data, tools, and examples to the agency or agencies des-ignated under section 904 to include on the website established and maintained or des-ignated pursuant to such section. (5) H
IGH-RISK REPORT RECOMMENDATIONS .— The Interagency Council shall assess the spe-cific recommendations relating to extreme weather in all relevant provisions of the Government Accountability Office’s High- Risk Series, identify the feasibility of revis-ing Federal programs to implement such rec-ommendations, and develop a plan to address such recommendations when feasible that does not duplicate the National Preparedness Goal. (6) FRAMEWORK AND PERFORMANCE  
METRICS .—The Interagency Council shall use existing and emerging science to develop or adopt— (A) a framework for evaluating the progress and success of extreme weather re-silience, preparedness, and risk identifica-tion and management-related efforts that is complementary to and not duplicative of any local or national indicator system developed as part of the National Preparedness Goal; and (B) performance metrics that allow track-ing of the actions taken and progress made toward meeting the goals and implementing the priorities described in paragraph (1)(A). (7) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR THE CEQ AND  
OMB.—The Interagency Council shall provide to the Council on Environmental Quality, the Office of Management and Budget, and the Department of Homeland Security rec-ommendations on how agencies should— (A) develop or update agency extreme weather plans; (B) remove barriers to State and local ex-treme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management, in agency regulations, guidance, and policies; and (C) avoid duplication among Federal ac-tivities to the extent practicable. (8) P
UBLIC INPUT AND COMMENT .—The Inter-agency Council shall solicit and incorporate public input and comment as appropriate into the decisions of the Interagency Coun-cil. (9) I
NVENTORY AND MEETINGS .—The Inter-agency Council shall conduct inventories under section 906 and convene meetings under section 907. (10) D
EFINITION OF EXTREME WEATHER .—The Interagency Council shall consider and may update, not less frequently than every two years, in consultation with appropriate sci-entific bodies, the definition of ‘‘extreme weather’’ and what other weather events (in addition to those described in section 909(3)) qualify as extreme weather for purposes of this title. The definition of ‘‘extreme weath-er’’ shall be published and updated, as nec-essary, on the website of the Council and in the Federal Register. (11) O
THER DUTIES .—The Interagency Coun-cil shall carry out any other duties the co- chairpersons of the Interagency Council de-termine appropriate. (12) P
UBLIC INFORMATION .—The Interagency Council shall— (A) make information available online— (i) for tracking implementation of agency extreme weather plans and Governmentwide goals and priorities described in paragraph (1)(A); (ii) on recommendations relating to ex-treme weather in all relevant provisions of the Government Accountability Office’s High-Risk Series; and (iii) on the results of the Council’s efforts to identify nationwide and localized risks (including updated mapping efforts); and (B) make such High-Risk Series and the re-ports submitted under paragraph (13) avail-able as the Council determines appropriate. (13) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter (concurrently with the United States Global Change Re-search Program Annual Report and the Na-tional Preparedness Report), the Interagency Council shall submit to Congress, and make available to the United States Global Change Research Program and the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, a report that— (A) describes how the goals and priorities described in paragraph (1)(A) are being met and implemented using— (i) the performance metrics developed under paragraph (6)(B); and (ii) information on— (I) agency expenditures, broken down by program activity level if practicable, that are directly related to extreme weather re-silience, preparedness, and risk identifica-tion and management, including extreme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management of Federal facilities; and (II) the effectiveness of such expenditures, along with associated financial impacts and community, infrastructure, and environ-mental benefits, to the extent such data are available; (B) provides recommendations to enhance the effectiveness of such implementation and sets benchmarks to meet; (C) describes the progress of the regional coordination efforts described in sections 906, 907, and 908; and (D) includes a summary of public com-ments solicited under paragraph (8) and any action the Interagency Council took to re-spond to such comments. (g) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out para-graphs (2) through (12) of subsection (f), the Interagency Council shall consult with agen-cies, State and local governments, academic and research institutions, and the private and nonprofit sectors. (h) OMB G
UIDANCE .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget, taking into consideration the recommendations pro-vided by the Interagency Council under sub-section (f)(7), shall issue guidance to agen-cies on— (1) developing agency extreme weather plans, which shall incorporate existing agen-cy reports, where appropriate, to prevent du-plication and reduce overlap; and (2) developing agency regulations, guid-ance, and policies to remove barriers to State and local extreme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management. 
SEC. 903. AGENCY PLANNING FOR EXTREME WEATHER-RELATED RISKS. 
(a) A GENCY EXTREME WEATHER RESILIENCE , P
REPAREDNESS , ANDRISKIDENTIFICATION AND  M
ANAGEMENT PLANS .— (1) A
GENCY SUBMISSION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the head of each agency, in coordination with the Direc-tor of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to avoid duplication with the Na-tional Planning Frameworks, shall submit to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and to the Interagency Council a comprehensive plan that integrates consider-ation of extreme weather into such agency’s operations and overall mission objectives (hereinafter referred to as an ‘‘agency ex-treme weather plan’’). (2) H
EARING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall con-vene an interagency budget crosscut and pol-icy hearing to review and integrate all the agency extreme weather plans and to ensure that such extreme weather plans and the ac-tivities of agencies align with the goals and priorities established under section 902(f)(1)(A). (3) OMB 
SUBMISSION .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget, upon re-ceipt of all agency extreme weather plans in a given year, shall consolidate and submit to Congress such plans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.002 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3713 April 27, 2018 
(b) I NCLUSIONS .—Each agency extreme weather plan shall include— (1) identification and assessment of ex-treme weather-related impacts on, and risks to— (A) the agency’s ability to accomplish its missions, operations, and programs over time periods to be designated by the Inter-agency Council; and (B) State and local entities; (2) identification and assessment of bar-riers posed by Federal programs the agency administers to State and local extreme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management efforts; (3) a description of programs, policies, and plans the agency has already put in place, as well as additional actions the agency will take, to manage extreme weather risks in the near term and build resilience in the short and long term; (4) a description of how the agency will consider the need to improve extreme weath-er resilience, preparedness, and risk identi-fication and management, including the costs and benefits of such improvement, with respect to agency suppliers, supply chain, real property investments, and capital equip-ment purchases, including by updating agen-cy policies for leasing, building upgrades, re-location of existing facilities and equipment, and construction of new facilities; (5) a description of how the agency will support any ongoing or future public-private partnership to improve extreme weather re-silience, preparedness, and risk identifica-tion and management, including the cost and benefits of technology and methodology im-provements, hardening, or rapid restoration; (6) a description of how the agency will contribute to coordinated interagency ef-forts to support extreme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management at all levels of government, in-cluding collaborative work across agencies’ regional offices and hubs, and through co-ordinated development of information, data, and tools, consistent with sections 906, 907, and 908; and (7) any other details identified by the Interagency Council under section 902(f)(1)(B)(ii). 
SEC. 904. WEBSITE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Interagency Council shall designate an agency or agencies to es-tablish, maintain, or designate a website that provides timely, actionable, and acces-sible information, data, and tools on current and future risks related to extreme weather, preparedness, resilience, and risk identifica-tion and management, to support Federal, regional, State, local, private sector, and other decisionmakers. (b) I
NTERAGENCY PROGRESS .—The website described under subsection (a), shall identify interagency progress, and propose the next interagency steps, towards responding to threats posed by extreme weather. (c) B
ESTPRACTICES .—The website described under subsection (a) shall provide best prac-tices and examples from Federal, regional, State, and local decisionmakers in the public and private sectors about how to use ex-treme weather-related information in plan-ning and decisionmaking. (d) I
NTERAGENCY COUNCIL INFORMATION AND  T
OOLS.—The website described under sub-section (a) shall include the information, data, tools, and examples provided by the Interagency Council pursuant to section 902(f)(4). (e) B
EST AVAILABLE METEOROLOGICAL  S
CIENCE .—The website described under sub-section (a) shall identify best available mete-orological science relating to extreme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management. (f) PUBLIC OUTREACH AND EDUCATION .—The Interagency Council shall designate one or more agencies to conduct outreach and edu-cational activities to inform the public and regional, State, and local decisionmakers about the tools and information available on the website described under subsection (a). 
SEC. 905. PROVIDING ADEQUATE RESOURCES AND SUPPORT. 
The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall ensure that each agency provides adequate resources to the Inter-agency Council, including administrative services and personnel support, as appro-priate— (1) for the website described under section 904; and (2) to otherwise carry out this title. 
SEC. 906. INVENTORY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Interagency Council, or a working group of such Inter-agency Council established by the co-chair-persons thereof, shall conduct and publish an inventory of all regional offices, centers, and programs of agencies that are assisting with extreme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management ef-forts at the State or local level, including— (1) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s regional programs; (2) the Department of the Interior’s Fish and Wildlife Service Landscape Conservation Cooperatives; (3) the United States Geological Survey’s Climate Science Centers; (4) the Department of Agriculture’s Cli-mate Hubs; (5) the regional offices of— (A) the Environmental Protection Agency; (B) the Federal Emergency Management Agency; (C) the Department of Transportation; and (D) the Forest Service; (6) the division offices of the Army Corps of Engineers; and (7) such other offices, centers, and pro-grams or other agency efforts as determined appropriate by the Interagency Council. (b) A
SSISTANCE DESCRIBED .—An inventory conducted and published under subsection (a) shall include a description of the assistance each agency office, center, or program is pro-viding to assist with extreme weather resil-ience, preparedness, and risk identification and management efforts at the State or local level. 
SEC. 907. MEETINGS. 
Not later than 6 months after the publica-tion of each inventory under section 906, the Interagency Council shall convene a meeting of representatives of the offices, centers, and programs included in such inventory and in-vite other local and regional stakeholders to participate and develop plans to coordinate the efforts of such offices, centers, and pro-grams and facilitate efficient services to stakeholders. At such meetings, such rep-resentatives shall— (1) share information regarding their of-fice, center, or program’s extreme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identifica-tion and management efforts; (2) identify opportunities for collaboration and coordination of research agendas, ex-treme weather assessment activities, vulner-ability assessments, data collection and analysis, and planning and implementing ex-treme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management projects; (3) identify extreme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management information needs, research gaps, and decision support needs that are not met by any of the offices, centers, or pro-grams included in the inventory under sec-tion 906 and make available such identifica-tion for purposes of information to be sub-mitted to the Interagency Council under sec-tion 907; (4) identify common and complementary goals for extreme weather resilience, pre-paredness, and risk identification and man-agement within each region to be prioritized for the coming year and beyond; (5) identify barriers to regional extreme weather resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management planning and implementation that can be overcome or minimized through Federal action and spe-cific suggestions for improvement; (6) evaluate progress and jointly develop a strategy for realizing extreme weather resil-ience, preparedness, and risk identification and management-related goals, including clearly identified responsibilities by each collaborating regional office, center, or pro-gram; and (7) share experiences and best practices in stakeholder engagement and communica-tion, decision support, and science-practice interactions that support the realization of identified extreme weather resilience, pre-paredness, and risk identification and man-agement goals. SEC. 908. PROGRESS UPDATES. 
Not later than 90 days after each meeting under section 907, each agency that partici-pates in such meeting shall submit to the Interagency Council, and make available to the United States Global Change Research Program and the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency, information describing progress in regional coordination and col-laboration in aligning Federal resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management efforts at the State and local level, and the benefits of such regional co-ordination and collaboration. 
SEC. 909. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘Executive agency’’ under section 105 of title 5, but does not in-clude the Government Accountability Office. (2) A
GENCY EXTREME WEATHER PLAN .—The term ‘‘agency extreme weather plan’’ means a plan required under section 903(a). (3) E
XTREME WEATHER .—The term ‘‘extreme weather’’ includes observed or anticipated severe and unseasonable atmospheric condi-tions, including drought, wildfire, heavy pre-cipitation, wave, high water, snowstorm, landslide, mudslide, hurricanes, tornadoes and other windstorms (including derechos), extreme heat, extreme cold, sustained tem-peratures or precipitation that deviate from historical averages, and any other weather event that the Interagency Council deter-mines qualifies as extreme weather pursuant to section 902(f)(10). (4) I
NTERAGENCY COUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Interagency Council’’ means the Inter-agency Council on Extreme Weather Resil-ience, Preparedness, and Risk Identification and Management established under section 902(a). (5) M
ITIGATION PLAN .—The term ‘‘mitiga-tion plan’’ means the mitigation plan re-quired under section 322 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5165). (6) N
ATIONAL GLOBAL CHANGE RESEARCH  
PLAN .—The term ‘‘National Global Change Research Plan’’ means the National Global Change Research Plan developed under sec-tion 104 of the Global Change Research Act of 1990 (15 U.S.C. 2934), or any revision there-of. (7) N
ATIONAL OIL AND HAZARDOUS SUB -
STANCES POLLUTION CONTINGENCY PLAN .—The term ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan’’ means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.002 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3714 April 27, 2018 
the National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan described under part 300 of title 40, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any revision thereof. (8) N
ATIONAL PREPAREDNESS GOAL .—The term ‘‘National Preparedness Goal’’ means the national preparedness goal developed under section 643 of the Post-Katrina Emer-gency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 743). (9) N
ATIONAL PREPAREDNESS REPORT .—The term ‘‘National Preparedness Report’’ means the report required by section 652(a) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Re-form Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 752(a); Public Law 109–295). (10) P
REPAREDNESS .—The term ‘‘prepared-ness’’ means actions taken to plan, organize, equip, train, and exercise to build, apply, and sustain the capabilities necessary to prevent, protect against, ameliorate the effects of, re-spond to, and recover from extreme weather related damages to life, health, property, livelihoods, ecosystems, and national secu-rity. (11) R
ESILIENCE .—The term ‘‘resilience’’ means the ability to anticipate, prepare for, and adapt to changing conditions and with-stand, respond to, and recover rapidly from disruptions. (12) S
ENIOR OFFICIAL .—The term ‘‘senior of-ficial’’ means a Deputy Secretary (or an equivalent officer) of an agency. (13) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Colum-bia, each commonwealth, territory, or pos-session of the United States, and each feder-ally recognized Indian Tribe. (14) U
NITED STATES GLOBAL CHANGE RE -
SEARCH PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘United States Global Change Research Program’’ means the United States Global Change Research Program established under section 103 of the Global Change Research Act of 1990 (15 U.S.C. 2933). (15) U
NITED STATES GLOBAL CHANGE RE -
SEARCH PROGRAM ANNUAL REPORT .—The term ‘‘United States Global Change Research Pro-gram Annual Report’’ means the report re-quired by section 102(e)(7) of the Global Change Research Act of 1990 (15 U.S.C. 2932(e)(7)). 
SEC. 910. REQUIREMENT TO INCLUDE AGENCY EXTREME WEATHER PLAN IN AGEN-CY PERFORMANCE PLAN. 
A description of the most recent agency extreme weather plan, as required under sec-tion 903, shall be included in the performance plan of an agency (as defined in section 909) required pursuant to section 1115(b) of title 31, United States Code. 
SEC. 911. SUNSET AND REPEAL. 
This title ceases to be effective and is re-pealed on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 116 OFFERED BY MRS . 
COMSTOCK OF VIRGINIA  Beginning on page 331, strike line 13 and all that follows through page 332, line 1 (and redesignate any subsequent subsections ac-cordingly). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFA-
ZIO) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I sup-port considering these amendments en bloc, all of which have been approved by both the majority and minority. These Members put forward thoughtful amendments, and I am pleased to be able to support moving them en bloc. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I support the adoption of the amendments en bloc and rec-ommend them to my colleagues, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise to speak in support of the Jackson Lee Amend-ment to H.R. 4, FAA Reauthorization and Dis-aster Recovery Reform Act, which is included in En Bloc Amendment Number Four. I.thank the Chair and Ranking Member of the House Committee on Rules for making this Jackson Lee Amendment in order. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for their leadership in bring-ing the FAA Reauthorization and Disaster Re-covery Reform Act to the House Floor for con-sideration. I am disappointed that the other Jackson Lee Amendments to H.R. 4, the ‘‘FAA Reau-thorization and Disaster Recovery Reform Act that addressed disaster recovery reform and offered improvements to commercial air trans-portation, were not made in order. I offered Jackson Lee Amendment No. 609 because of my experience with Hurricane Har-vey. Over the years, Members of Congress, de-velop an extensive network of people we work with and those who may have need of legisla-tive assistance. The storm and the catastrophic flooding that resulted from Hurricane Harvey put at risk thousands of people who needed help. The 911 emergency call centers serving the disaster area were inundated with thousands of calls for rescues. I am pleased to say that my office managed dozens of calls, which came to me and my staff from Houston residents seeking rescue or medical assistance. FEMA, the City of Houston and the State of Texas did exceptional work in the disaster re-sponse for Hurricane Harvey. There is no blame or fault, but valuable les-sons that can be learned. There was no way to pre-prepare for Hurri-cane Harvey or Maria or Irma or any of the other major disaster events in 2017. What we can do is learn as much as pos-sible and apply those lessons to future dis-aster response and recovery efforts. When there is an event, like Hurricane Har-vey there are important and valuable lessons that can help us to meet future challenges. Harvey’s significance is the size of the im-pact zone and the level of flooding experi-enced. The nine-county Houston metro area im-pacted by Hurricane Harvey covers 9,444 square miles, an area larger than five states, including New Hampshire, New Jersey and Connecticut. Harris County covers 1,778 square miles, enough space to fit New York City, Philadel-phia, Boston, Chicago, Seattle, Austin and Dallas, with room still to spare. There was over 41,500 square miles of land mass impacted by Hurricane Harvey and the subsequent flooding that covered an area larg-er than the States of Connecticut, Massachu-setts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont combined. Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons of rainfall on Texas and Louisiana, most of it on the Houston Metroplex. Harvey dropped 51.88 inches of rain near Cedar Bayou, in the City of Houston, and 52 inches in Nederland and nearby Groves Texas making this the highest rain totals ever re-corded for a single U.S. weather event. At its peak on September 1, 2017, one-third of Houston was underwater. At the peak on August 31, there were 34,575 evacuees in shelters across Texas. Hurricane Harvey is the largest housing dis-aster to strike the U.S. in our nation’s history. Hurricane Harvey damaged 203,000 homes, of which 12,700 were destroyed. On April 17, 2018, 2,585 families are still in hotel rooms in hotels because of Hurricane Harvey. Thousands of others with severe damage to their homes continue to live with family or friends. 889,425 people have registered for assist-ance with the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency. There are families including small children and the elderly living in mold infested or gut-ted-out homes. The Jackson Lee Amendment made in order for consideration of H.R. 4, provides for a GAO report 240 days following enactment on long-term recovery efforts following Hurri-cane Andrew, September 11, 2001, Hurricane Katrina, Hurricane Ike, and Hurricane Sandy to better inform the Congress when cata-strophic events occur that may require long- term recovery planning. My amendment is the first step to determine how best to stress test FEMA for capacity and competence to respond to several major dis-aster at the same time. Disasters like Harvey, Maria, Jose, Sandy, Ike, and September 11, 2018 are exemplars of the most challenging and catastrophic events in our nation’s modern history. These disasters will or have taken years to recovery from, which classifies them as long term recovery events. We need to learn from our past to better se-cure our future should our nation face similar challenges. This Jackson Lee Amendment would ensure that we learn and benefit from these tragic events so that we might be better prepared for future challenges. The amendment will provide GAO report that will: define a federal disaster long-term re-covery, define the stages of a long-term recov-ery, and report on the competence and capac-ity of FEMA to manage 2 or more major disas-ters of the magnitude exemplified—simulta-neously. Further, the GAO will report on lessons that may be applied to future long-term disaster re-covery efforts. The GAO will also report on what existing authority granted to FEMA to advise and make recommendations to the President regarding Presidential Disaster Declarations which may be instructive regarding a Presidential long- term recovery disaster declaration. Another Jackson Lee Amendment to the Disaster Recovery Reform component of the bill, but which was not made in order would have made permanent the FEMA Office of Re-sponse and Recovery, which currently exists but is not codified by law. In 2017, starting on August 25, when Hurri-cane Harvey struck Texas, on September 6, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.002 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3715 April 27, 2018 
when Hurricane Irma lashed the U.S. Virgin Is-lands, on September 9, when Hurricane Jose smashed into Puerto Rico, and Hurricane Irma moved over the Florida Keys, and on Sep-tember 20, when Hurricane Maria took aim at Puerto Rico; FEMA had to respond to each disaster and engage in sustained recovery ef-forts that will in the cases of Texas and Puerto Rico last for years. Hurricane Harvey broke a rainfall record for a single tropical storm with more than 4 feet of rain. Puerto Rico is still mired in attempting to re-cover from the longest blackout in U.S. history after Hurricane Maria struck many months ago. More than 1,000 are estimated to have died in Puerto Rico due to Hurricane Maria and its aftermath. Following the hurricanes came California’s most destructive and largest wildfire season ever. The Tubbs Fire in Northern California killed 22 people and damaged more than 5,600 structures. Last year was also the third-hottest year on record. San Francisco reported its highest tempera-ture ever, 106 degrees Fahrenheit, while other parts of the country set records for high-tem-perature streaks. For states like Arizona and South Carolina, 2017 was the warmest year ever. 14 places across Oklahoma, Missouri, and Arkansas reported record-high water levels during floods in April and May. In 2017, requests for federal disaster aid jumped tenfold compared to 2016, with 4.7 million people registering with the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Last year will go down in the record books for many reasons, destructive hurricanes, wildfires, mudslides, and droughts struck leav-ing death and destruction. Every place in this nation has one or more vulnerability to floods, damaging storms, wildfires, earthquakes, volcanic activity, or earth movement—such as mudslides. FEMA is the nation’s premier organization that must respond to catastrophes at a mo-ment’s notice. This Jackson Lee Amendment will allow Congress to develop better situational aware-ness on FEMA’s role in disaster response es-pecially when there may be multiple disasters putting demand on limited agency resources that require long-term recovery planning. Thank you for this opportunity to explain my amendment and I ask for bipartisan support for this Jackson Lee Amendment included in En Bloc Four. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment which helps to ensure that communities ravaged by wildfires, including the recent October fires, get the help they need to recover. Last year, we saw the worst fire season in California history. The October fires alone in-cluded 21 major fires that were fought by 11,000 firefighters burning nearly 245,000 acres. Those fires forced 100,000 people to evacuate and destroyed 8,900 homes and structures. Tragically, 44 people lost their lives. The City of Santa Rosa is located in my dis-trict and was hit especially hard by the Octo-ber fires with over 3,000 homes and busi-nesses destroyed. In the Fountaingrove neigh-borhood, north of downtown, the contamina-tion in the water system that resulted directly from the fire melting the plastic water lines and appurtenances servicing 350 homes, must be replaced due to ongoing contamination of benzene, a toxic organic chemical. As our communities move forward on the long road to recovery, we are finding that the needs of suburban and urban communities im-pacted by devastating wildfires don’t always fit neatly into some of FEMA’s current rules and regulations, which seem geared towards hurri-cane and flooding response and mitigation. Issues as simple as whether or not FEMA should cover the costs of removing standing burned trees or replacing water systems, like the one in Fountaingrove that was contami-nated as a result of the October fires, are not so simple. My amendment provides FEMA with the ca-pability and authority to mitigate these issues by explicitly stating that FEMA hazard mitiga-tion funding can be used to remove standing, burned trees and replacing water systems damaged and/or contaminated by wildfires. I appreciate House leadership working with my office to include this amendment in the en bloc so that we advance this issue and I look forward to continuing to work with them to en-sure that my district’s fire recovery needs are being met. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 104 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
LOUISIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 104 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 294, strike lines 5 through 8, and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 618. RIGHT OF ARBITRATION. 
Section 423 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5189a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) R
IGHT OF ARBITRATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding this section, an applicant for assistance under this title may request arbitration to dispute the eligibility for assistance or repayment of assistance provided for a project of more than $100,000 for any disaster that occurred after January 1, 2016. Such arbitration shall be conducted de novo by the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals and the decision of such Board shall be binding. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—To participate in arbi-tration under this subsection, an applicant— ‘‘(A) shall submit the dispute to the arbi-tration process established under the author-ity granted under section 601 of Public Law 111-5; and ‘‘(B) may submit a request for arbitration in lieu of an appeal under subsection (a) at any time before the Administrator of FEMA has issued a final agency determination.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, in the aftermath of disas-ters, billions and billions of dollars in claims are often worked out between local governments, State governments, and FEMA. In many cases, because disasters are inherently unpredictable, volatile, and folks are doing what they need to do to help their communities recover and ad-dress these urgent needs, in some cases, not every i is dotted, not every t is crossed. These minor issues often be-come obstacles to these communities being reimbursed and their ability to recover. FEMA has an appeals process, Mr. Chairman. In that appeals process, you basically have FEMA reviewing FEMA. I don’t think that that is the appro-priate approach. Section 618 of the underlying bill has an arbitration process, but that arbi-tration process has other Homeland Se-curity officials reviewing the work of Homeland Security. There was a better model that was used after the 2005 disasters whereby an outside board that exists, the Civil-ian Board of Contract Appeals, which is an independent body, was brought in to help review some of these appeals that local and State governments brought forth to the Corps of Engineers. b0915 It was a better approach. It provided for more thorough evaluation and, again, the independence of having an outside entity review this. Our amend-ment simply improves upon the exist-ing arbitration process in section 618 of the bill. I thank the chairman and the rank-ing member for their work on this leg-islation. I think it is very important, and I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Obviously, the gentleman has had significant experience with these prob-lems in his part of the world that I think are somewhat unique, and I can also understand we want to expedite the review of people’s claims. The major concerns we have are, one, that it appears, under the wording, that there would be no timeframe. So 20, 30 years after a disaster, someone could come in and file for arbitration. And secondly, by lowering the cost to any project that is $100,000, we have no idea what the scope of that would be or how many appeals that might generate. But I think the general idea about using the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals does have merit to expedite citizens’ claims against the government agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.004 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3716 April 27, 2018 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member, and I would like to thank the committee also for including the PREPARE Act in the en bloc package. I would also like to thank Congressman L
ANCE for being my partner on the PREPARE Act for the past two Congresses and Congress-men W
EBSTER , SANFORD , and M EADOWS  for being cosponsors and supporters of my amendment, the PREPARE Act. I would also like to thank the over 50 outside organizations, companies, and think tanks that have supported the PREPARE Act. Finally, I thank Chair-man S
HUSTER and Congressman G OWDY  for passing the PREPARE Act out of the T&I and OGR committees, respec-tively. Extreme weather is expensive. Last year the public and private sector saw a combined $300 billion in damages from major extreme weather events. Congress had to spend an extra $120 bil-lion in disaster supplemental appro-priations so we could get our disaster- ravaged communities back on their feet. And from our infrastructure to our defense, our public buildings to our supply chains, the Federal Government itself has an enormous amount of as-sets that are vulnerable to extreme weather events. I have been working for 5 years to build upon commonsense GAO rec-ommendations to help our Federal Government and our Nation better pre-pare for extreme weather events. This amendment will save lives and will save money by helping get our govern-ment coordinated, improve planning, and facilitate a better working rela-tionship with State and local officials. We know extreme weather events are happening more frequently, and they are causing more damage. We owe our citizens better planning, better engage-ment, and a better response. In passing the PREPARE Act, the House of Rep-resentatives is taking a responsible, important step in that direction. I thank the gentleman again for in-cluding this amendment in the en bloc package. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just want to make note that I do appreciate my friend from Oregon’s comments, and I appreciate his sensi-tivity to timelines. But that is what this amendment addresses: timelines. In many cases, our local government simply cannot continue to carry these debts and not get reimbursed. In regard to the amount of money, perhaps $100,000 is not a lot of money to the city of Portland, but I am going to guess to the city of Coos Bay it may be important. In regard to the details of the amend-ment, Mr. Chairman, I am from Lou-isiana. If the gentleman from Oregon can help us make this even better, then I would be happy to work with him on that. But I think this is very, very im-portant. Access to due process is im-portant. The existing process does not allow supplemental material to be con-sidered to respond to concerns that were raised by agency officials. This is a good model. It has proven effective in the past, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the remainder of my time. I will say to the gentleman that my staff tells me they did contact his staff, they did express concerns. They said: Thank you for your concerns. And then, next thing we knew, the amend-ments were filed. And then she still said: We’d be happy to work with you. And we get no response. I think there may be kind of a staff issue going on here. Again, I have some concerns about, particularly, the un-limited time to apply and other de-tails, perhaps. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 107 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
LOUISIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 107 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title VI, insert the following: 
SEC. 6ll. REIMBURSEMENT. 
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) shall retroactively reim-burse State and local units of government (for a period of 3 years after the declaration of a major disaster under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170)) upon determination that a locally-implemented housing solution, implemented by State or local units of government, costs 50 percent of comparable FEMA solution or whatever the locally-implemented solution costs, which-ever is lower. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, this amendment, once again, is a bipartisan amendment. My good friends Congressman C
EDRIC RICH-
MOND , Congressman G ENEGREEN , Con-gressman R
ALPH ABRAHAM , Congress-man C
LAY HIGGINS , and Congressman B
RIAN BABIN are all supporters of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, this is a very simple amendment. Following our August 2016 floods in south Louisiana, FEMA came in and provided housing solutions. The solutions included the utilization of trailers. Because FEMA needs an acro-nym for everything, they were called MHUs, mobile housing units. When you added up the cost to purchase, trans-port, store, and set up these things, FEMA was in the hole anywhere from $120,000 to $170,000 per pop. Mr. Chairman, you could buy these same units right there in the vicinity of the flood from local trailer dealers for anywhere from $28,000 to I think the highest cost we saw was about $40,000, including setup. It doesn’t take a rock-et scientist, Mr. Chairman, to realize that you could get it faster and you are helping to revive the local economy by using local solutions, as opposed to the case when FEMA is doing this, when it took months and months and months to give people even a single housing op-tion in some cases. So what this amendment does is it simply says that, if a local entity, a local government entity, if a State en-tity, can provide a housing solution for 50 percent of the cost, or less, as com-pared to the alternative that FEMA provides, then they can be reimbursed. Mr. Chairman, this is faster. It saves taxpayer dollars. It stops this fleecing of American taxpayers that is occur-ring in the aftermath of disasters. Specifically, Mr. Chairman, in Liv-ingston Parish, Sheriff Jason Ard: his deputies were flooded. Literally, fami-lies didn’t have anywhere to go. They had looting in the parish. The sheriff stepped up, established mobile housing units, trailers, for his deputies to live in so they didn’t have to worry about their families anymore, so they could get back to doing what they were sup-posed to be doing: enforcing law in these destroyed communities. And FEMA is rejecting them. We have tried to work through the administrative process. I will say it again: the only way they are reim-bursed is if the cost of their solution was 50 percent or less than that of the Federal Government alternative, in re-gard to the mobile housing units. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, as I look at the drafting—and, again, my staff says they did reach out to your staff—I am confused when you get to the 50 percent part, whether it would have to be exactly 50 percent or otherwise. I agree, and I think that it would be good to push for more flexi-bility. For instance, I have a manufacturer of yurts in my district which are used in many places around the world as temporary housing. The military uses them, and others. I was approached by someone representing Airbnb about va-cant houses they had, vacation homes in Puerto Rico, that could have been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.008 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3717 April 27, 2018 
used when they were saying there was absolutely no housing for any emer-gency workers anywhere. And cer-tainly there could be lower cost alter-natives. I still remember when FEMA, I think it was under the Bush administration, bought a bunch of trailers that couldn’t be used because they had some of that crappy Chinese formaldehyde- exuding wallboard in them, and they were not habitable. We are still import-ing that junk from China, by the way. So I agree they could be much more flexible. I think this amendment, again, as written, is problematic, but I certainly agree with the intent of the amend-ment to look at other lower cost alter-natives. However, they should meet at least some minimal standards for sani-tary facilities and other things. So I, again, have concerns about the draft-ing. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the distinguished ranking mem-ber and the manager of this fourth en bloc and rise to support the Jackson Lee amendment that has been included in the en bloc legislation. And I am thankful to Mr. D
EFAZIO and the chair-man for that. My amendment, made in order, deals with a GAO report of 240 days following any disaster, a long-term recovery ef-forts plan. These disasters are exam-ples of the most challenging and cata-strophic events in our Nation. And I am reminded of August 2018 in Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey has been defined as the singular most cata-strophic incident and natural disaster in the continental United States. We are still suffering. People are still in hotels, still without their homes. So to the list of long-term recovery experi-ences, this GAO study would have us learn a lot. We need to learn from our past to do better to secure our future. This GAO report would define the Federal disaster long-term recovery, define the stages of a long-term recov-ery, and report on the competence and capacity of FEMA to manage two or more disasters of the magnitude that happened at the same time. I do want to take note of the fact that my amendment that did not au-thorize the FEMA Office of Response and Recovery was not made in order. I look forward to introducing legislation that would respond to that. I am also concerned that two amend-ments dealing with the endangered spe-cies the Rules Committee did not make in order. In this time, I believe it is time to stand up to protect our endan-gered species. One of my amendments had to do with trophy products coming across on international airways; and the other was, as airports are built— and many are built in wetlands—for those who are building those airports to collaborate with a number of agen-cies to address the question of pro-tecting the endangered species. We live on this Earth with the won-derment of this Earth, and those in-clude our wonderful animals, many of them endangered. And I believe the episode with Cecil the lion recognizes that we must protect our endangered species. I would hope going forward I would have the opportunity, at some time, to debate on the floor of the House the value of protecting our en-dangered species. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I am sure the gentlewoman from Texas would be supportive of this, representing many of the flood victims from Hurricane Harvey. It is important to keep in mind, Mr. Chairman, that, in many cases, these flood victims don’t have other options. So you may have a trailer from your local trailer dealership; you may have a tent. In many cases, that is very attractive compared to being homeless. I would love to work with the gen-tleman from Oregon and see if we can work together to perfect this amend-ment to address any concerns that he may have. In regard to the Chinese formaldehyde, I agree with you. If we can get good old American formalde-hyde in our trailers, let’s do that. I am kidding. But I urge adoption of the amend-ment. I think this is very important. We should be commending leaders like Sheriff Ard for stepping up and pro-viding efficient solutions for disaster survivors. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I look forward to working with the gentleman. Just on the issue of the formaldehyde: we have laws and stand-ards in this country still, despite Mr. Pruitt, that regulate the amount of formaldehyde that can be put into ply-wood. I have many people in my dis-trict who make plywood without using formaldehyde glues, and the Chinese put in massive amounts of formalde-hyde glue, do not meet our standards, but we don’t enforce or prohibit the importation, though we are about to file a case on that issue to prohibit them poisoning the American people. So that is another subject for another day. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b0930 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 108 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
LOUISIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 108 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of title VI, insert the following: 
SEC. 6ll FLOOD INSURANCE. 
Section 406(d)(1) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(d)(1)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘This section shall not apply to more than one building of a multi-structure educational, law enforce-ment, correctional, fire, or medical campus, effective January 1, 2016.’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to state, in response to the formaldehyde issue, let me be very clear, formaldehyde was a major issue after Hurricane Katrina in the trailers. We certainly learned from that, and we absolutely don’t need anyone exposed to it. So I absolutely agree with the gen-tleman on that. But I think there have been better standards, and certainly lessons learned, from what we experi-enced with Hurricane Katrina when folks were in these trailers for long pe-riods of time, and they weren’t de-signed for that purpose, so I do agree with the gentleman there. But on this amendment, Mr. Chair-man, let me be clear, this is, once again, a bipartisan amendment. We have the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICHMOND ), the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ), the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ), the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RIST), and other cosponsors, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN), all sup-porting this amendment because it is common sense and it responds to true on-the-ground problems that were seen in the aftermath of disasters. What happens is the current law in the Stafford Act says that any time you have a flood, if you have a facility like a school, that FEMA may deduct $500,000 from the recovery for rebuild-ing that school. Well, what FEMA has done is they have taken the law that Congress established where it said ‘‘per facility,’’ and they have taken it and they have abused it. They have now de-termined that a facility is an indi-vidual building. So, Mr. Chairman, you may have a classroom building, you may have a cafeteria, you may have another class-room building, you may have a gym-nasium, you may have a storage room, you may have a concession stand—in that case, FEMA is applying $500,000 to each individual building. Now, what adds insult to injury or makes this sit-uation untenable is the fact that these schools generate the revenue often-times from property taxes in the de-stroyed community. So they are losing property taxes, FEMA is hitting them with bills, in some cases, in Ascension, Livingston, and East Baton Rouge Par-ishes, that are tens of millions of dol-lars each. What this does is it victim-izes the survivors’ children. So the kids 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.010 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3718 April 27, 2018 
can’t get back in schools because the schools can’t afford to reestablish their facilities. So, look, bottom line is, this is all about preserving congressional intent. Congress spoke on this. FEMA has trashed the interpretation, and this is all about preserving congressional in-tent and getting our kids back in schools to where they can have the education or opportunities that they need to have, and they should no longer be further victimized by FEMA’s flawed interpretation of the law. I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I have to say, I have read the amendment, and I can’t quite follow it, my staff can’t quite follow it, the gentleman’s staff couldn’t quite explain it. The gen-tleman has explained it in a way that this language may or may not reflect. FEMA has said they don’t understand it. They may well be doing something regarding public facilities that is not following the intent of the law, but again, I am not certain about this as the solution. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, once again, I am more than happy to work with my friend from Or-egon to address any concerns that he may have to ensure that we have the best solution on this moving forward. I will tell you that Republicans and Democrats in Florida, in Texas, in Puerto Rico, in the Virgin Islands, all across these disaster areas that we have experienced in the last 2 years are running into this exact same problem. And let me just reiterate, Mr. Chair-man, what this interpretation, this flawed interpretation is doing. It is putting an unaffordable bill before a community that has been destroyed, and it is only victimizing children be-cause they can’t get back in their schools, they can’t resume their edu-cation. It is disrupting the resumption of their normal lives and just further affecting them, and delaying restora-tion and recovery of these commu-nities. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 110 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 110 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of title VI, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. CERTAIN RECOUPMENT PROHIBITED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency shall deem any covered disaster assistance to have been properly procured, provided, and utilized, and shall restore any funding of covered dis-aster assistance previously provided but sub-sequently withdrawn or deobligated. (b) C
OVERED DISASTER ASSISTANCE DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered disaster assistance’’ means assistance— (1) provided to a local government pursu-ant to section 403, 406, or 407 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170b, 5172, or 5173); and (2) with respect to which, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Se-curity has determined, after an audit, that— (A) the Federal Emergency Management Agency deployed to the local government a Technical Assistance Contractor to review field operations, provide eligibility advice, and assist with day-to-day decisions; (B) the Technical Assistance Contractor provided inaccurate information to the local government; and (C) the local government relied on the in-accurate information to determine that rel-evant contracts were eligible, reasonable, and reimbursable. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment has bipartisan support, the support of my colleagues from Lou-isiana, who have also been hit hard by hurricanes, Mr. R
ICHMOND and Mr. G
RAVES , and I am from Texas. Your word is your bond in the State of Texas, and I would hope that every-one here in Congress or across this great country would want to say the same thing about their own State. Credibility, trust, and keeping your promise is always important, but espe-cially in times of disaster and crisis. And when Federal agencies like FEMA are called in to help communities rav-aged by a natural disaster, we should expect nothing less. Anyone who has ever experienced a federally declared disaster knows that after ensuring the immediate health and safety needs of those who are af-fected, the top priority is to get the hazardous and dangerous storm dam-age cleaned up. As long as tree limbs, trash, and other debris remain in the streets, things cannot get back to normal, and they are a health and safety hazard. Kids cannot go back to schools, res-taurants and shops can’t open for busi-ness, the economy is at a standstill. And so when a FEMA employee, like a technical assistance contractor, or TAC, lays out a path for a mayor, a county judge, a county commissioner, or any other State or local official to get the federally funded debris removal process under way, they can and should be counted on to honor their commit-ment and their responsibility. My amendment will ensure that that will be the case by holding FEMA ac-countable to the promises made and the contracts authorized by its own employees. Under my amendment, if a local government entity can show and the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General can certify that a local government was acting at the di-rection and the consultation of a FEMA technical assistance contractor regarding disaster relief efforts, gov-ernment bureaucrats here in Wash-ington cannot simply change their minds a few years down the road and decide to foot the locals with the bill. So while this amendment is certainly about fairness, equity, and certainty for local governments, it is also about accountability for Federal officials. FEMA officials will know that the ad-vice and the recommendations that they offer actually matter. Local offi-cials will rest assured knowing that the contracts and work that they are doing is valid and reimbursable. This means getting disaster-damaged mu-nicipalities up and running sooner, shortening the timeframe that their citizens and businesses need Federal assistance, and save taxpayer money. I urge all of my colleagues to help en-sure that our government can be trust-ed to do what they say it will by sup-porting this bipartisan amendment and the underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. A
MODEI ). The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I have in my district office something called the ‘‘casework staff.’’ We do have disas-ters in Oregon, particularly floods. And we have had instances, apparently like the one that this legislation is trying to address, where we have gotten these improper decisions reversed and my communities reimbursed, handled by my casework staff. Here, we are going to legislate. Now, apparently, there was a problem in the gentleman’s district. Too bad his case-work staff didn’t take care of it. But the way this is written, here is the lan-guage: ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, FEMA shall deem any covered disaster assistance to have been properly procured, provided, and utilized, and shall restore any funding of covered disaster assistance pre-viously provided but subsequently withdrawn or deobligated.’’ It isn’t specific to the gentleman’s problem. This would be any commu-nity, anybody anywhere who might have legitimately misspent some dis-aster assistance, gets it back. This is so global. We might as well just not have a process to review disaster as-sistance and see whether it was prop-erly spent, because this says, if you have got it and you spent it, that is all proper. I mean, it is deemed—deemed that every expenditure is legitimate, even if the money was diverted some-how. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.013 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3719 April 27, 2018 
So, again, I am not certain who the other side is using for drafting assist-ance, but I recommend leg counsel. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentleman from Oregon’s opinion, but, remember that this is an inspector general’s. They have to pass on this. This is not just a mistake. All the T’s were crossed. All the I’s were dotted. The Babin amendment protects our communities because it requires FEMA to keep its word. Under current practice, a local com-munity can follow all of the FEMA rules and restore your community after a disaster, but then, years later, FEMA can come back and say: Oops, we know we told you to do it that way and we personally approved and reim-bursed you for every bill that you sent to FEMA; oh, but we did it wrong. We know that you did exactly what we told you to do; however, we should have told you something differently. Please pay us $3 million. I think that this is not just pertinent to District 36 in the State of Texas that was hit by a hurricane years ago. This is pertinent to every district across this country that will be suffering from a disaster sooner or later. Anyone who has a FEMA disaster this year or next, will no doubt be here on the floor in the future to offer this very same amendment. Please join me today in passing our amendment, and let’s make FEMA keep its word. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 112 OFFERED BY MR . 
MCCLINTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 112 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 451. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I have offered this amendment whenever the opportunity presents itself because it tests whether there is any program in the Federal budget that Congress can bear to cut. Essential Air Service is perhaps the least essential program in the entire government. It is a direct subsidy paid to airline companies to fly empty and near empty planes from small airports to regional hubs nearby. There was supposed to be a temporary program to allow local communities and airports to readjust to airline deregulation in 1978. Instead, it has grown to include 173 communities and a program that has doubled in cost in the last decade. I want to emphasize, this program has nothing to do with emergency med-ical evacuations. It solely subsidizes regular scheduled commercial service that is so seldom used that it cannot support itself. And why can’t it support itself? In many cases, the small airports in the program are less than an hour’s drive from regional airports. Essential Air Service flights are flown out of Merced Airport near my district in the Sierra Nevada of California; yet, Merced is less than an hour’s drive from Fresno Regional Airport, offering regular scheduled commercial air service. Subsidized service is available from Lancaster, Pennsylvania, just 31 miles from Harrisburg International Airport. Subsidized flights from Pueblo, Colo-rado, are just a 45-minute drive from Colorado Springs Regional Airport, and I could go on and on. There are supposed to be subsidy caps of $200 per passenger and a minimum of 10 passengers per day, and yet, every request to waive these requirements has been granted—every one—for pas-senger subsidies that can go as high as nearly $1,000 per passenger. Now, by comparison, you can charter a small plane for around $150 to $200 an hour. b0945 Over the next 5 years, this program will cost taxpayers nearly $1 billion in direct appropriations, which this amendment would cease. The program also gets another $100 million a year from overflight fees that would other-wise be available to fund high prior-ities in the aviation system, like 21st century air traffic control technology. The argument for abolishing this pro-gram is simple: if a route cannot gen-erate enough passengers to support its costs, that means that passengers themselves are telling us that it is not worth the money to them. Perhaps we should listen. Our country is drowning in debt. It now costs us $475 billion a year just to pay interest costs on the $21 trillion that we have already borrowed. Debt and taxes are driven by one thing: spending. In the last 10 years, inflation and population combined have grown 26 percent. Revenues have more than kept pace, growing 29 percent in the same period; but spending has grown 46 per-cent, and it has doubled under this pro-gram. If we don’t get control of spend-ing soon, our Nation could enter a debt spiral that threatens our very future; and the Orwellian-named Essential Air Service is a prime example of non-essential programs that we just can’t afford. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, as the gentleman pointed out, Essential Air Service, to ensure that all Americans have access to something that is crit-ical to economic development and, ba-sically, livability for many smaller iso-lated communities, is paid for out of the trust fund. The trust fund is com-posed of fees paid by the airlines, by passengers, and by foreign airlines overflying the United States of Amer-ica. This doesn’t add to the debt, unlike this tax bill we passed. I know that the six largest banks in America saw a $4 billion windfall in tax cuts in one-quar-ter. It is projected they will have a $20 billion windfall by the end of the year. We are going to borrow $20 billion to give to profitable banks, including Wells Fargo, that just paid a $1 billion fine. Now they are getting the money back because we gave them a tax break. But he is concerned about the debt and the deficit, so we have got to screw the small communities in America and take away their air service. I think there are better ways to deal with our debt and deficit, and this doesn’t add to it because it is paid for out of the trust fund. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ), the chairman of the com-mittee. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gen-tleman’s attempts and work to try to decrease the deficits and the debt in this country, but Essential Air Service is just that. He named a few commu-nities, and they are close to—I guess I can’t make a great argument about those, but there are places like Alaska, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Da-kota, Montana, or Iowa. These folks are living miles and miles, hours and hours away—several hours, in many cases—from the nearest airport. As Mr. D
EFAZIO pointed out, this connects those communities for economic devel-opment. The other thing, he makes a point, as a conservative, when you pay user fees into a trust fund and it goes to that in-tended purpose—in this case, a small piece of that goes to Essential Air Service—that is what we should be doing in America: people that use something are contributing to that service or whatever that government agency is providing them. Again, under the bill, in 2012, we put reforms in to reform Essential Air Service; and, this bill, the underlying bill, directs the GAO to study and find out the effects of those reforms. So, again, while I support and ap-plaud the gentleman’s efforts to help get the debt under control, this is not the place to start. Mr. Chairman, I urge rejection of this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.015 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3720 April 27, 2018 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ). Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment. I am acutely attuned to concerns about fiscal responsibility. While Con-gress has struggled with fiscal con-cerns, the consistent attacks on the critical EAS program demonstrate a complete lack of concern for the reali-ties of life across rural America. Supporters of this amendment claim that, in many cases, an alternative air-port is a short drive away. This incor-rectly assumes that point-to-point miles on a map are the same as road miles. The truth is that EAS is a vital eco-nomic engine that remains just as im-portant today as when it was created. It supports economic development in small and rural communities by con-necting businesses to larger markets. Page, Arizona, in my district, is just one example of the need for this type of critical infrastructure. The challenges are real, but so is the promise in Page. Taking away vital EAS dollars at a time when Page and places like it all over the country are trying to attract business and capital would be dev-astating and undermine the critical work being done. Let’s work to support these commu-nities, not exasperate the stark eco-nomic disparities in rural America. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to re-ject this shortsighted amendment. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, three points: First, these amendments don’t cut the fee support, only the $1 billion in direct taxpayer subsidies that would be paid into this program over the next 5 years. Under the so-called reforms ref-erenced by the chairman, this program has doubled in cost over the past dec-ade, and all Americans do not benefit from this program. Let’s take the remote communities, like those in Alaska. This program sub-sidizes 61 small communities in a State with 259 airports. That means there are roughly 200 airports and 350 local com-munities in Alaska, alone, that seem to do just fine without Essential Air Serv-ice. If Alaska or any State believes that air service should be subsidized within their State, they certainly have the ability to do it themselves. So do indi-vidual towns. The States choose not to pay for the service; the local commu-nities choose not to pay for the service; and, most importantly, the passengers, themselves, choose not to pay the ac-tual cost of the service. Perhaps as we approach $1 trillion annual deficit, we should consider choosing not to pay for it either. We hear that it helps prop up small airports and small airlines that service them. Well, sure, if you hand somebody wads of cash, that person does very well. The problem is that the people you took that cash from do very poorly to exactly the same extent. A $275 million program out of a $4 trillion Federal budget seems like a drop in the bucket, and I agree we are not going to balance a $1 trillion an-nual deficit just by cutting programs like this. But if we can’t cut a 40-year- old temporary program that has dou-bled in cost over the last 10 years—this is the kindest and easiest cut of all— then I fear that we will never summon the courage to get our budget back to balance before we bankrupt our coun-try. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. We have been down this road before, and yet, again, we are witnessing at-tempts to remove rural America’s connectivity to the national air trans-portation system. Those who would look to scrap the Essential Air Service program often fail to acknowledge re-forms that have been put in place to modernize and streamline the program. This reauthorization does the same. Mr. Chairman, for too long, rural America has received the scraps of our suburban and urban counterparts. Last year, the Airport Improvement Pro-gram, another program, not the Essen-tial Air Service, issued more than $264 million in grants to 95 airports in 31 States. Among them, $2 million was issued for Sacramento International Airport in Sacramento, California, to purchase five zero-emission electric shuttle buses to take passengers between the airport parking lots and the terminal buildings. Mr. Chairman, these types of projects are nice, but the fact is that $2 million is about equal to the amount a small rural airport requires for com-mercial service for 2 years. Let’s get serious here. Striking the Essential Air Service program is bad for rural America. It is time to stop the witch hunt on rural America. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 114 OFFERED BY MR . DUNCAN OF  
TENNESSEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 114 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. NATIONAL HIRING STANDARD OF CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An entity hiring a feder-ally licensed motor carrier shall be deemed to have made the selection of the motor car-rier in a reasonable and prudent manner if before tendering a shipment, but not more than 45 days before the pickup of the ship-ment by the hired motor carrier, that entity verified that the motor carrier, at the time of such verification— (1) is registered with and authorized by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion to operate as a motor carrier or house-hold goods motor carrier, if applicable; (2) has the minimum insurance coverage required by Federal law; and (3)(A) before the safety fitness determina-tion regulations are issued, does not have an unsatisfactory safety fitness determination issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration in force at the time of such verification; or (B) beginning on the date that revised safe-ty fitness determination regulations are im-plemented, does not have a safety fitness rating issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration under such regula-tions that would place a motor carrier out- of-service. (b) G
UIDELINES .—Not later than 30 days after the implementation of the safety fit-ness determination referenced in subsection (a)(3), the Secretary shall issue guidelines that specifically outline how a motor car-rier’s operating authority and registration number could be revoked and subsequently placing them out-of-service. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, this is a very simple amend-ment to establish a national standard of care for hiring freight shippers. This is purely and simply about highway safety, and everything carried on planes, of course, goes to and from on our highways. Currently, there is no law that re-quires freight brokers or others to have any sort of standard when hiring a car-rier for a shipment. Under this amend-ment, a broker or other entity would be deemed to have acted in a reason-able and prudent manner if they made sure the carrier met these three re-quirements: One, authorization to operate by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration; Two, the minimum insurance cov-erage required by Federal law; and Three, that the carrier had no cur-rent Federal unsatisfactory safety fit-ness determination. This amendment does not prohibit or limit in any way any type of lawsuit, and, in fact, a lawyer could show that a broker or a company had acted in an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.018 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3721 April 27, 2018 
unreasonable manner if they did not comply with this hiring standard. This amendment would actually help trial lawyers by giving them stronger grounds to sue brokers who did not comply with this standard and tried to get cheaper rates by using unsafe or uninsured carriers. This amendment would also make it less likely that a person or a company that hired a safe, legal motor carrier would be held liable for an accident that happened through no fault of their own. This amendment also will help make it far less likely that unregistered, un-insured, unsafe freight carriers get any business in this country in the future. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, there is a problem here, and the problem actu-ally is the Department of Transpor-tation. They launched a new carrier monitoring system known as CSA to make data available, but they have yet to establish a test and apply that data. So even though the data is available, the Republicans have adopted amend-ments—other Republicans who are here today—that prohibit DOT from final-izing a safety fitness determination rule. So there is data out there, but there is no bright line test. The best relief that we could provide would be to force DOT, in the very near future, to issue a safety fitness ruling as soon as possible and also raise the minimum insurance requirement— $750,000, it has been that since 1980. It doesn’t cover much in a truck accident. We want to have people be able to get legal recourse and compensation, but we also don’t want to give the brokers an impossible task, which is what they have now: How do they choose someone who meets the safety fitness require-ments that the administration has yet to promulgate and Congress is pre-venting them from promulgating? Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, on June 1, 2011, Sal and Helen Sparich were sitting in traf-fic in Tamaqua in northeastern Penn-sylvania when, suddenly, without warning, a loaded tractor-trailer rammed into them from behind, cut-ting their car in half, killing Helen in-stantly and debilitating and giving horrible, severe, grievous injuries to Sal Sparich. He ended up spending the next 15 months in the hospital, and then he died. He left $1 million in med-ical bills, which Medicare had to pay for. What we know about this accident is that the driver of the tractor-trailer had a horrible driving record. The com-pany, the fly-by-night independent con-tractor trucking company that he worked for, had an insanely bad safety record, and it was one that anybody could have discovered by going on the safety website because there were flashing yellow icons next to the name of that company. b1000 But the broker and the shipper in this case didn’t care, Mr. Chair. They didn’t check. They can’t care about the safety record, about the driving record. The only thing they checked was who had the lowest price. The only thing they cared about was who had the low-est price. Mr. Chair, we Americans care about personal responsibility and account-ability. It is something we teach our children. This is an amendment that would take away accountability and responsi-bility for the brokers and shippers. This is a longstanding, time-honored part of American law that brokers and shippers are responsible and account-able for picking safe companies and safe drivers. This amendment would take that away, it would make American road-ways much more dangerous because of this exact type of situation. Mr. Chair, I oppose the amendment. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on it. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chair, Americans really shouldn’t care that much about this Duncan amendment if they don’t go on the highway; but if you go on the highway, like hundreds of millions of Americans do, you better watch out, because this amendment makes it far more likely that there will be reckless and negligent truckers on the road and that you won’t be able to sue for your damages if they smash up your car. Take the shocking case of a 19-year- old man whose car was totaled by a truck driver who was high on crystal meth. He was left injured and blinded for the rest of his life. Now, the truck company never drug tested or road tested its employees, but that didn’t stop the shipper from hiring that trucking company to do business with. Now, the Duncan amendment would reward the shipper by immunizing it from any liability for hiring a low-road trucker that doesn’t drug test its em-ployees, or even knowingly hires em-ployees who are high on crystal meth or who have a drug problem. This would give the shippers even greater incentive to hire reckless and negligent truckers, making our roads and highways all the more dangerous. In ‘‘Born to Run’’, Bruce Springsteen talks about cars that are suicide ma-chines and a deathtrap. Mr. Chair, this amendment would make that vision of our highways the law. There is no way that the American people support excusing shippers from liability for their decision to hire low- road truckers, low-road trucking com-panies that do not drug test or do background screening on their employ-ees. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the chairman of the committee. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentle-man’s amendment. It does remove the confusion with the industry stake-holders, but the hysteria that the other side is proclaiming, that roadways are going to become a slaughterhouse be-cause if this goes away or it is clari-fied, truckers are just going to be out there running into people left or right, I mean, it is ridiculous. It is not a good business model for any company to want to have an incen-tive, which the other side has, I think, said, to hire unsafe drivers. That is not a good business model. In fact, you will go out of business, most likely, if you go out there and hire drivers who are bad drivers, dangerous drivers. The facts don’t bear that out. Of the auto accidents that include trucks in it, over 75 percent of them are not the trucker’s fault, it is the person in the car’s fault. Truckers are professionals, and to have impugned this whole class of peo-ple, this whole group of people that go out on these roadways and work hard every day and try to do it as safely as they can, is just plain wrong. Again, as I said, truckers are profes-sionals. Seventy-five percent of those accidents that truckers are involved in, it is not their fault. We continue to hype up and to put these things out there for, again, an-other class of worker out there, and that is the trial lawyers. They make millions and millions of dollars going out there and suing these people that, again, do their best every day to try to be safe on the roadways. So, again, this is a sensible amend-ment, this clarifies it, and it helps to make our roadways safer, not more dangerous. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption, and I thank the gentleman again for yield-ing. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Chair, I will simply say this: neither of the cases cited by the opposition would be stopped under this amendment. In fact, this amendment would make it more likely that freight brokers would be required to hire safe, insured car-riers for their shipments, so it would make the highways safer. Mr. Chair, I urge support for my amendment. It is an amendment about fairness and justice, because all law-yers—I was a plaintiff’s lawyer before I came to Congress, and I have supported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.021 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3722 April 27, 2018 
the trial lawyers in every way possible in my 30 years here, but I can tell you, no lawyers want people sued who have done nothing whatsoever wrong in a case. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B
ACON ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 115 will not be offered. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UN-
CANof Tennessee) having assumed the chair, Mr. B
ACON , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 7 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1040 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) at 10 o’clock and 40 minutes a.m. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 839 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 4. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) kindly resume the chair. b1041 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 114 printed part A of House Report 115–650, offered by the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ), had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 115– 650 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 112 by Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK of California; Amendment No. 114 by Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 112 OFFERED BY MR . 
MCCLINTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 113, noes 293, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 162] AYES—113 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Brat Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cooper Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Ferguson Flores Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Handel Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Johnson, Sam Jordan Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Loudermilk Massie McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Messer Norman Olson Palmer Paulsen Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Ross Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stewart Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoho Zeldin NOES—293 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Bacon Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Comer Comstock Connolly Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Heck Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.022 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3723 April 27, 2018 
Welch Westerman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—22 
Black Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Butterfield Denham Gowdy Harper Jenkins (WV) Jones Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sewell (AL) Sires Walz Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1106 Messrs. CAPUANO, MARINO, Ms. GRANGER, Mr. COOK, Mmes. TORRES and LOVE changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. CHABOT, ISSA, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS, Messrs. HIMES, SMITH of Missouri, PETERS, WALBERG, ABRAHAM, GALLAGHER, CARTER of Georgia, and ARRINGTON changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 114 OFFERED BY MR . DUNCAN OF  
TENNESSEE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UN-
CAN) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 212, noes 191, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 163] AYES—212 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—191 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—25 
Black Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Butterfield Cleaver Denham Gowdy Harper Huffman Jenkins (WV) Jones Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Marchant Noem Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sewell (AL) Sires Walz Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1112 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthor-ize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other pur-poses, and, pursuant to House Resolu-tion 839, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry further amend-ments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. I am opposed, in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Vela´zquez moves to recommit the bill H.R. 4 to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with instructions to re-port the same to the House forthwith with the following amendment: At the end of title VI of the bill, add the following new section: 
SEC. ll. FEDERAL COST SHARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including any agree-ment, the Federal share of assistance, in-cluding direct Federal assistance, provided for the States of Texas (DR–4332), California (DR–4344), Louisiana (DR–4345), South Caro-lina (DR–4346), Georgia (DR–4338), and Flor-ida (DR–4337), the Seminole Tribe of Florida (DR–4341), the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (DR–4336, DR–4339) and the territory of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.012 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3724 April 27, 2018 
U.S. Virgin Islands (DR–4335, DR–4340) in connection with Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, the California Wildfires, and Tropical Storm Harvey under sections 403, 406, 407, and 408 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170b, 5172, 5173, and 5174) shall be 100 percent of the eligible costs under such sections. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The Federal share pro-vided by subsection (a) shall apply to dis-aster assistance applied for before or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, 2017 was a year of his-toric disasters. We saw category 5 hur-ricanes, devastating floods, and wildfires that covered hundreds of miles. For the towns and communities in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, Louisiana, California, Texas, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, they continue to struggle with what once would have been considered a once-in- a-lifetime disaster. My motion will help these commu-nities right now. It will do so by waiving the local matching require-ments for FEMA assistance for those affected by Irma, Harvey, Maria, and the wildfires out west. This is critical because many States like Florida and Georgia did not have dedicated disaster funds set aside to pay for such require-ments. The result is that these disas-ters will require States to dip into their operating budgets, meaning less money for roads, business investment, healthcare, and schools. In addition, many communities hit by these disasters are struggling finan-cially as businesses close, homes are rebuilt, and many individuals leave for good. This reshuffling of economic for-tunes creates massive financial stress. It is in our power to help these towns and cities, whether they are in Geor-gia, Florida, Texas, Louisiana, the U.S. Virgin Islands, or Puerto Rico. Take Port Aransas, just outside Cor-pus Christi. It used to have 4,000 resi-dents but now only has 3,000, a decline of 25 percent. Its hotels should be packed with college students on spring break, but 33 percent are vacant. Why? Because they are still rebuilding, struggling to be ready for what should be the most financially important part of this season. These areas and places like Gal-veston, Texas; Lake Charles, Lou-isiana; or Isle of Palms in South Caro-lina must come up with millions of dol-lars if they want to access FEMA as-sistance. And out west, entire commu-nities are still reeling from wildfires: towns like Lake Perris, Kettleman City, Orosi, and Corona. People’s lives, Mr. Speaker, have been turned upside down, and commu-nities, cities, and States are under massive budget pressure to rebuild. The least we can do is provide relief from these massive, unforeseen costs. This motion to recommit will boost assistance for areas still struggling to rebuild. It will take stress off munic-ipal and State budgets, recognizing that massive disasters like these can-not simply be absorbed by small fishing towns and rural areas. If you vote ‘‘no,’’ you are voting against these small communities; you are voting against the people who live in Texas, Florida, California, Georgia, South Carolina, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. I urge you to stand with them and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the mo-tion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman and strongly support the motion to recommit. This is a historic bill, the FAA bill. I want to thank my staff: Kathy Dedrick; Alex Burkett; Rachel Carr; Michael Tien; Luke Strimer; Janet Erickson; David Napoliello; Helena Zyblikewycz; Auke Mahar-Piersma; Ward McCarragher, who has moved on; Alexa Old Crow; and Jamie Harrell. I want to congratulate the outgoing chair, F
RANK LOBIONDO . It is his last major bill in Congress, and F
RANK was great to work with. I hope he has a great life after Congress. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia). The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, first, to the gentlewoman’s motion: First of all, everybody should know that the Presi-dent already has the authority to waive the cost-share, so this is unnec-essary for us to pass it. I want to thank all the committee staff, all the staff, for their hard work on this bipartisan bill: full committee staff, my personal staff, aviation staff, economic development staff, and, of course, the legislative counsels. There is one particular former staffer I want to thank, Matt Sturges, who was with the committee for 5
1⁄2years, the staff director, just went down to be the Deputy Administrator at FRA. He worked tirelessly for the past couple of years on this FAA bill. Again, I thank the following staff. Our full committee staff, including Chris Vieson, Geoff Gosselin, Fred Miller, Clare Doherty, Kathy Loden, Collin McCune, Han-nah Matesic, Brittany Smith, Tracy Mosebey, Justin Harclerode, Jeff Urbanchuk, Andrew Wargofchik, Eric Burgeson. Our Aviation Subcommittee staff: Holly Woodruff Lyons, Naveen Rao, Hunter Presti, Max Rosen, Cameron Humphrey. Our Economic Development Subcommittee staff: Johanna Hardy, Pam Williams, Hannah Noyes. Our Legislative Counsels: Tom Dillon, Rose-mary Gallagher, Karen Anderson, Stephen Hagenbuch. Finally, I want to thank a few staff who have recently moved on, but were instrumental in this process: Matt Sturges, Simone Perez, Keith Hall, and Curt Haensel with Legislative Counsel. Mr. Speaker, in addition, I would like to finish by thanking the minority staff and the minority leader on the other side, again, working very closely with the minority staff to produce this bill. And finishing up with thanking the minority staff, I just want to say this is a good bipartisan bill that was introduced with seven Democratic co-sponsors, including the ranking mem-ber and subcommittee ranking mem-bers as well as our subcommittee chair-men. Over the last 2 days, we worked in a very bipartisan manner. We had 116 amendments to this bill: 50 Democratic amendments and over 22 bipartisan amendments. The process has been nothing short of fair and equitable to both sides, I believe. This is a good bill that needs to get through the House so that we can achieve the first long-term reauthorization of FAA in years. We have had five short-term exten-sions since the last long-term bill in 2012, creating uncertainty for the FAA, air traffic controllers, our airports, and, most importantly, the American people. It is time we move forward on this. Mr. Speaker, I just want to also say that FRANK LOBIONDO has been a very, very able subcommittee chair on Avia-tion. I thank the gentleman for all his service to the Nation and to the com-mittee, as well as this will be my last Aviation bill. Just in case anybody wants to give F
RANK a great send-off, I would encour-age having a big bipartisan vote on this bill, because, again, Mr. L
OBIONDO and I both worked very, very hard to make sure this bill was crafted in a bipar-tisan fashion. So, again, we need to get this bill to the Senate and get the bi-partisan bill to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.014 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3725 April 27, 2018 
this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Passage of the bill, if ordered; Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 182, noes 223, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 164] AYES—182 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOES—223 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—23 
Black Blackburn Butterfield Denham Gowdy Harper Huffman Jenkins (WV) Jones Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Palazzo Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sewell (AL) Sires Walz Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1130 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 393, nays 13, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 165] YEAS—393 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.032 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3726 April 27, 2018 
Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—13 
Amash Buck Ellison Eshoo Gohmert Lowenthal McClintock Norman Panetta Rohrabacher Sensenbrenner Speier Swalwell (CA) 
NOT VOTING—22 
Black Blackburn Butterfield Denham Gowdy Harper Huffman Jenkins (WV) Jones Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sewell (AL) Sires Walz Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1138 Mr. SWALWELL of California changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, due to my attendance at an event off the Capitol Hill campus, I was unable to make rollcall votes Nos. 162–166. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: No. 162 ‘‘no’’ H.R. 4 On Agreeing to the Amend-ment, No. 163 ‘‘no’’ H.R. 4 On Agreeing to the Amendment, No. 164 ‘‘yes’’ H.R. 4 Motion to Recommit and No. 165 ‘‘yes’’ H.R. 4 Final Passage of H.R. 4. 
f 
RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges of the House. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: Whereas, Father Patrick Conroy has served honorably as House Chaplain since May 25 of 2011 when he was then appointed by Speaker John Boehner in consultation with Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi; Whereas, Father Conroy had been re- appointed and approved by the House of Representatives on three separate occasions, most recently January 3 of 2017; Whereas, on April 16, 2018, the Na-tion’s first Jesuit, and only the second Catholic, Chaplain of the United States House of Representatives submitted his resignation before the full House; Whereas, this resignation was forced by Paul D. Ryan, Speaker of the House of Representatives and Members of the House Republican Conference; Whereas, the Speaker’s team said ‘‘. . . the decision to remove the Chap-lain was his, Speaker Ryan’s;’’ Whereas, the lack of notification of his forced resignation or adequate ex-planation provided by Speaker Paul D. Ryan is not reflective of the integrity of the House of Representatives; Whereas, on November 6, 2017, during debate on the GOP tax scam, the Chap-lain led an opening prayer asking God to bless Congress and for Congress to guarantee that there are not winners and losers under the new tax laws, but benefits balanced and shared by all Americans; Whereas, this prayer reflects the core values of many Americans, in par-ticular people of the Catholic faith, in-cluding care and concern for the poor and the marginalized; Whereas, on April 9, 2018, Pope Francis published his third apostolic exhortation entitled ‘‘Gaudete et Exsultate’’ or rejoice and be heard which states that Christians must care for the poor, the sick, and the immi-grant; Whereas, under the GOP tax bill, more than 80 percent of its benefits flow to the richest 1 percent and the corporate special interests, ignoring the needs for struggling men and women and children; Whereas, this prayer has been re-ported to be the chief reason for Father Conroy’s forced resignation by the Re-publican Congress; Whereas, the dismissal of Father Conroy following this prayer shows Re-publicans’ true refusal to embody the values of faith and charity in their leg-islative work; Whereas, Father Conroy’s forced res-ignation is concerning to a number of Members of both sides of the aisle; Whereas, the House of Representa-tives would benefit from being guided by a Chaplain with a commitment to caring about those most in need; Whereas, the rights of Members of the House of Representatives were un-dermined when the leader of one party made a unilateral decision to dismiss the Chaplain; Whereas, this forced resignation has compromised the dignity of the House of Representatives by politicizing the Office of the House Chaplain; Whereas, the circumstances behind his resignation compromised the integ-rity and dignity of the House of Rep-resentatives: Resolved, that there is hereby estab-lished a select committee to inves-tigate the actions and motivations be-hind the resignation of the House Chaplain. The select committee shall be comprised of six Members, of which three shall be appointed by the chair of the Committee on Ethics and three by the ranking member of the Committee on Ethics; The select committee shall inves-tigate the motivations and actions of the Speaker behind the resignation of the Chaplain. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from New York to offer the resolution just noticed. Does the gentleman offer the resolution? Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I offer the resolution just noticed. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ). The Clerk will report the res-olution. The Clerk read as follows: 
H. R ES. 856 Whereas, Father Patrick Conroy has served honorably as House Chaplain since May 25 of 2011 when he was then appointed by Speaker John Boehner in consultation with Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi; Whereas, Father Conroy had been re-ap-pointed and approved by the House of Rep-resentatives on three separate occasions, most recently January 3 of 2017; Whereas, on April 16, 2018, the Nation’s first Jesuit, and only the second Catholic, Chaplain of the United States House of Rep-resentatives submitted his resignation be-fore the full House; Whereas, this resignation was forced by Paul D. Ryan, Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives and Members of the House Re-publican Conference; Whereas, the Speaker’s team said ‘‘. . . the decision (to remove the Chaplain) was his (Speaker Ryan’s);’’ Whereas, the lack of notification of his forced resignation or adequate explanation provided by Speaker Paul D. Ryan is not re-flective of the integrity of the House of Rep-resentatives; Whereas, on November 6, 2017, during de-bate on the GOP tax scam, the Chaplain led an opening prayer asking God to bless Con-gress and for Congress to guarantee that there are not winners and losers under the new tax laws, but benefits balanced and shared by all Americans; Whereas, this prayer reflects the core val-ues of many Americans, in particular people of the Catholic faith, including care and con-cern for the poor and the marginalized; Whereas, on April 9, 2018, Pope Francis published his third apostolic exhortation en-titled ‘‘Gaudete et Exsultate’’ or rejoice and be heard which states that Christians must care for the poor, the sick, and the immi-grant; Whereas, under the GOP tax bill, more than 80 percent of its benefits flow to the richest 1 percent and the corporate special interests, ignoring the needs for struggling men and women and children; Whereas, this prayer has been reported to be the chief reason for Father Conroy’s forced resignation by the Republican Con-gress; Whereas, the dismissal of Father Conroy following this prayer shows Republicans’ true refusal to embody the values of faith and charity in their legislative work; Whereas Father Conroy’s forced resigna-tion is concerning to a number of Members of both sides of the aisle; Whereas, the House of Representatives would benefit from being guided by a Chap-lain with a commitment to caring about those most in need; Whereas, the rights of Members of the House of Representatives were undermined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.017 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3727 April 27, 2018 
when the leader of one party made a unilat-eral decision to dismiss the Chaplain; Whereas, this forced resignation has com-promised the dignity of the House of Rep-resentatives by politicizing the Office of the House Chaplain; Whereas, the circumstances behind his res-ignation compromised the integrity and dig-nity of the House of Representatives: Resolved, that there is hereby established a select committee to investigate the actions and motivations behind the resignation of the House Chaplain. The select committee shall be comprised of six Members, of which three shall be appointed by the chair of the Committee on Ethics and three by the rank-ing member of the Committee on Ethics; The select committee shall investigate the motivations and actions of the Speaker be-hind the resignation of the Chaplain. 
b1145 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-olution presents a question of privi-lege. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, parliamen-tary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, does, in fact, the Speaker of the House have the right to remove the Chaplain? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman’s inquiry does not relate to the pending proceedings. The matter that is before the House at the present time is a question of privilege. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, is it cor-rect that the Chaplain is elected by the whole House to be the Chaplain of the House of Representatives? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is not going to respond to the matter as expressed by the gentleman. As stated, the issue before the House presently is the question of privilege just offered. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, further parliamentary inquiry. Are we in the position where the House will be unable to speak to the issue of removing the official, i.e. the Chaplain, elected by the whole House? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is no longer recognized. The gentleman has not stated an inquiry that relates in a practical sense to a matter before the House. 
MOTION TO TABLE  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. McCarthy moves that the resolution be laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 215, nays 171, answered ‘‘present’’ 3, not voting 39, as follows: [Roll No. 166] YEAS—215 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—171 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Lujaˆn, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Rosen Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—3 
Joyce (OH) Rooney, Thomas J. Taylor 
NOT VOTING—39 
Black Blackburn Brownley (CA) Buchanan Butterfield Courtney Davis, Danny Denham Doggett Garamendi Gibbs Gowdy Harper Higgins (NY) Huffman Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Jones Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Larson (CT) Lewis (GA) Lofgren Napolitano Noem Reichert Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Scott, David Sewell (AL) Shuster Sires Vela Walz Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1204 So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, due to my attendance at an event off the Capitol Hill campus, I was unable to make rollcall vote No. 166. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: No. 166 ‘‘no’’ On Motion to Table. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for rollcall vote 166. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the mo-tion to table H. Res. 856. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, April 27, 2018, I missed rollcall vote 166, a Motion to Table H. Res. 856, a Privi-leged Resolution offered by Mr. C
ROWLEY of New York to create Select Committee to in-vestigate the motivations and reasoning be-hind the forced resignation of the House Chaplain. I stand in full support of the Crowley resolution regarding the Speaker’s decision to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.019 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3728 April 27, 2018 
forcibly push the House Chaplain Father Conroy to resign. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted: ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 166. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for the following votes because I chose to remain in my congressional district in Miami for an important district event. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘No’’ on rollcall Vote No. 162, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 163, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall Vote No. 164, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall Vote No. 165, and ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 166. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, during the week of Monday, April 23, 2018, I missed rollcall votes 148–166. Had I been present for these recorded votes, I would have voted as listed below: Rollcall Vote 148: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 149: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 150: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 151: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 152: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 153: ‘‘nay,’’ roll-call Vote 154: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 155: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 156: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 157: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 158: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 159: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 160: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 161: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 162: ‘‘nay,’’ roll-call Vote 163: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 164: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 165: ‘‘aye,’’ and rollcall Vote 166: ‘‘nay.’’ THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 774 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor from H. Res. 774. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 2018, TO TUESDAY, MAY 1, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9:30 a.m. on Tues-day, May 1, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 4, FAA RE-AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make tech-nical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 4, to include corrections in spell-ing, punctuation, section numbering and cross-referencing, and the inser-tion of appropriate headings. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. f 
NORTH KOREA WANTS A UNIFIED COMMUNIST KOREAN PENINSULA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, for generations, the Korean war has con-tinued with no feasible end in sight. Today, North and South Korea sup-posedly reached a peace agreement, which includes a denuclearized penin-sula, but the definition of denuclearization is not defined in the agreement. To the North, denuclearization only means the U.S. nuclear umbrella to protect South Korea will end. To the South and to the U.S., this means North Korea will denuclearize. This is not the first time little Kim has made agreements only to break them. And Kim’s delusional idea of a unified Korea is a unified communist Korean Peninsula with him in charge, standing against the West. For over 6 decades, the Kim regime has actively pursued nuclear and bal-listic weapons, terrorizing anyone who opposes the rogue regime. President Trump’s hardball tactics have had their intended insurmount-able effect. We must proceed with caution and stand with our allies to ensure that this agreement is not merely a ploy to serve North Korea’s nefarious, totali-tarian, aggressive interests. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION (Ms. BASS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BASS. The FAA SoCal Metroplex project has dramatically changed flight paths into Los Angeles Inter-national Airport, effectively cramming traffic from a six-lane highway in the sky into a single lane. Constituents in my district now have low-altitude flights over their heads, sometimes every 3 minutes. Parents have reported that aircraft noise wakes up their children, movie studios in my district report that the noise has made it very difficult to film outdoors on their lots, which poses a major eco-nomic threat. Guided by my constituents, I pro-posed and supported over 30 amend-ments to the FAA reauthorization. I am glad to report that a terminal se-quencing spacing amendment that was crafted specifically by constituents in my district passed yesterday. However, more needs to be done, and I will con-tinue to urge this body to do more to fix this problem. The constant barrage of noise has real measurable costs in disrupted sleep, lost property values, and busi-ness disruption for thousands of people in my district. We cannot allow airline efficiency to come at the sacrifice of the health and well-being of those on the ground. f 
RECOGNIZING TODD UNGERECHT (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank one of the House’s own and a great public servant. Todd Ungerecht is a proud son of Pasco, Washington, and has given this Nation over 20 years of tireless public service. Prior to his most recent service with the House Natural Resources Com-mittee as deputy staff director to Chairman R
OBBISHOP , Todd served the United States Senate for Washington’s former U.S. Senator Slade Gorton, for the George W. Bush administration as an appointee with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and for former chairman of the House Nat-ural Resources Committee Doc Has-tings. A proud Gonzaga University under-graduate and law school graduate, Todd is a man of family, of faith, and of public service. He represents the quintessential staffer, working dili-gently behind the scenes, never looking for credit, never seeking the limelight. Todd is a humble public servant, who places the highest value on good public policy. As Todd retires from the House, and his wife, Magda; and their two chil-dren, Alexa and Evan, head west, we send them our sincere gratitude and warmest wishes. 
f 
AN OPEN LETTER TO THE NATION REGARDING EDUCATION (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this is an open letter to the Nation re-garding education or the education of our children. I represent the 18th Congressional District and have at least seven school districts, and certainly aware of the school districts throughout the State of Texas and also what school districts are facing across the Nation to pay teachers, most of all to educate our children. The Houston Independent School Dis-trict and its board are attempting and, I believe, are committed to educating our children. However, at this present stage, we have at least ten schools with an IR status, a diminished status, with the potential of being closed by the State of Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.023 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3729 April 27, 2018 
I will be going home to rally the community, because right now today is Friday, and children are learning in our schools. Why punish them, make them the victims of the lack of re-sources, credentialed teachers, and the lack of a plan that all of us can agree with? I happen to have agreed with the ini-tial step to at least solve a problem temporarily, but we know that a tem-porary solution is not the best. We need to be able to have those chil-dren meet the basic test standards, but, more importantly, we have to re-flect on changing these—— The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Very tough test standards that don’t test the child’s ac-knowledge. So—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has again ex-pired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, to that school district, to the city of Houston—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman is no longer recognized. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR STEPHEN DEL BAGNO (Mr. KNIGHT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of our fallen heroes, Major Stephen Del Bagno of the United States Air Force Air Demonstration Squadron, more commonly known as the Thunderbirds, who lost his life this past month. Major Del Bagno came from my dis-trict, from Valencia, California, and exemplified the skill and profes-sionalism that we expect from our air-men. Major Del Bagno was the very first F–35 pilot to join the ranks of the Thunderbird squadron. Tragically, Stephen Del Bagno lost his life earlier this month during a training exercise at the Nevada Test and Training Range. While he is no longer with us, his legacy continues in the hearts and minds of future aviators he inspired. I sat with my wife at his funeral a few weeks back and I watched the missing man formation of F–35s and F– 16s, and I listened to his father and his teammates talk about Major Del Bagno. They talked about what a great pilot he was, but they also talked about what a great mentor he was and what a good dude Major Del Bagno was, and that is what he wanted to be recog-nized as and remembered as. So America lost one of its finest pi-lots in his passing. May God bless him and may he rest in peace. b1215 HONORING THE LIFE OF RACHAEL PARKER (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Rachael Parker. Rachael attended the Route 51 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Rachael worked as a record techni-cian at the Manhattan Beach Police Department for 10 years. She was known as the ‘‘matron’’ of the police department’s front desk. Rachael always treated people the same, no matter their circumstances. She loved her family, and had a passion for animals. She rescued two dogs, that she loved more than anything else. Rachael always went out of her way to help those in need. Everyone knew her and remembers her as being a gift-ed, kindhearted, and caring woman. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Rachael Parker’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
RECOGNIZING THE CHATHAM-SA-VANNAH COUNTER NARCOTICS TEAM (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the Chat-ham-Savannah Counter Narcotics Team, also known as CNT. In 2017, CNT and the DEA identified a drug distribution group operating throughout Chatham County, and learned that a large drug transaction was to take place. With this knowl-edge, CNT conducted drug operations at various hotels, covering several local jurisdictions. On March 25, 2018, CNT seized 25 kilo-grams, or 55 pounds of cocaine, and made six arrests, which is the largest single cocaine seizure in CNT’s history. The confiscated cocaine had an esti-mated street value of $4 million. Cocaine is a highly addictive and mind-altering drug that poisons com-munities and tears families apart. I ap-plaud CNT’s groundbreaking work, which makes the entire Savannah com-munity a better place to live. 
f 
THE HOUSE MAJORITY’S GREAT INJUSTICE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, the ma-jority in this House has just exacted a great injustice. The unwarranted, un-just, forced resignation of a sworn offi-cer of this United States House, the House Chaplain, Patrick Conroy, is a complete, complete violation of jus-tice. It is also a complete violation of the rules of this House and the 229-year precedents of this House. As well, Speaker PAULRYAN’s unilat-eral decision to remove the House Chaplain, who is elected by the entire membership of this House, is simply wrong. The Chaplain deserves just and fair treatment by every Member of this body that would attend to any Member who is subjected to such treatment or any citizen in our country who appears before the law. Every life in our Nation should matter. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. KAPTUR. And the lives and rep-utations of the officers of this House should matter. Our heads should hang low today—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman is no longer recognized. Ms. KAPTUR. * * * Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, Father Conroy has served this institute honorably for the past seven years. He is only one of two Roman Catholic clerics ever to have served as pastor for the U.S. House of Representatives since the founding of our Republic 229 years ago, of 60 who have served. As an elected officer of this House, the Chaplain serves as its spiritual leader, abiding the heavy weight that the Chaplain bears for hundreds of Members, their families, hundreds more staff members, visi-tors and others who seek guidance and help. From what is trickling out in the media, this political crucifixion of Father Conway was exe-cuted following a visit from Speaker Paul Ryan’s Chief of Staff in which Fr. Conway’s resignation was demanded. Fr. Conroy com-plied. He transmitted a letter of resignation under coercion on April 15. On April 16, under cover of convoluted parliamentary procedure, with the vast membership of this institution un-noticed and unaware, Speaker Ryan re-quested ascension from the entire body. But who in this House even knew procedurally what was occurring? There was no notice. There was no prior House official proceeding to hear this matter. There was no one to ob-ject as no Member other than the Speaker and his inner circle knew what the Speaker was demanding. In such an important matter of a human being’s life and reputation, what happened to our House Rules? What happened to regular order? This forced resignation is without cause. It is unprecedented. It is wrong. It is simply a unilateral decision and abuse of power by the Speaker who himself will soon leave Congress. He should hang his head. The Speaker solely delivered an honorable man up for political crucifixion without hearing or trial. Justice in such a consequential action de-mands the full attention and engagement of this entire House. It is not the prerogative of a single individual, no matter how powerful that individual may feel he is. The Speaker’s action is a violation of the fundamental Rules of this House. It cannot stand the light of scru-tiny. This consequential decision about a human being’s life was summarily imposed with no justice, no consultation, and impor-tantly a complete abdication of our House Rules and Constitutional precedents. It must be overturned. Justice and regular order must return to this House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.042 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3730 April 27, 2018 
According to the Pew Research Center, Re-ligious ‘nones’ are underrepresented in Con-gress compared with U.S. adults overall: Christian: 485 members, 90.7 percent of Con-gress, 71 percent of U.S. adults [(Protestant: 299, 55.9 percent, 48 percent; Baptist: 72, 13.5 percent, 15 percent; Methodist: 44, 8.2 per-cent, 5 percent; Anglican/Episcopal: 35, 6.5 percent, 1 percent; Presbyterian: 35, 6.5 per-cent, 2 percent; Lutheran: 26, 4.9 percent, 4 percent; Congregationalist: 5, 0.9 percent, 1 percent; Non-denomational Protestant: 8, 1.5 percent, 6 percent; Pentecostal: 2, 0.4 per-cent, 5 percent; Restorationist: 2, 0.4 percent, 2 percent; Adventist: 2, 0.4 percent, 1 percent; Christian Scientist: 2, 0.4 percent, <1 per-cent; Holiness: 1, 0.2 percent, 1 percent; Re-formed: 1, 0.2 percent, <1 percent; Ana-baptist: 0, 0 percent, <1 percent; Friends/ Quakers: 0, 0 percent, <1 percent; Pietist: 0, 0 percent, <1 percent; Unspecified/other: 64, 12 percent, 5 percent) (Catholic: 168, 31.4 per-cent, 21 percent) (Mormon: 13, 2.4 percent, 2 percent) (Orthodoz Christian: 5, 0.9 percent, <1 percent)]; Jewish: 30, 5.6 percent, 2 per-cent; Buddhist: 3, 0.6 percent, 1 percent; Mus-lim: 2, 0.4 percent, 1 percent; Hindu: 3, 0.6 percent, 1 percent; Unitarian Universalist: 1, 0.2 percent, <1 percent; Unaffiliated: 1, 0.2 percent, 23 percent; Other faiths: 0, 0 percent, 2 percent; Don’t Know/refused: 10, 1.9 per-cent, 1 percent. For more information: ‘‘Faith on the Hill, the religious composition of the 115th Congress,’’ <http:// www.pewforum.org/2017/01/03/faith-on-the- hill-115/>.’’ 
Excerpt from rule 2, section 1 of U.S. House Rules: Rule II other officers and officials Elections 1. There shall be elected at the commence-ment of each Congress, to continue in office until their successors are chosen and quali-fied, a Clerk, a Sergeant-at-Arms, a Chief Administrative Officer, and a Chaplain. Each of these officers shall take an oath to sup-port the Constitution of the United States, and for the true and faithful exercise of the duties of the office to the best of the knowl-edge and ability of the officer, and to keep the secrets of the House. Each of these offi-cers shall appoint all of the employees of the department concerned provided for by law. The Clerk, Sergeant-at-Arms, and Chief Ad-ministrative Officer may be removed by the House or by the Speaker. Page 363 of house rules and manual of 115th congress: https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/ HMAN-115/pdf/HMAN-115.pdf Excerpt form article 1 section 2 of U.S. Constitution The House of Representatives shall chuse their Speaker and other Officers; * * * The officers of the House are the Speaker, who has always been one of its Members and whose term as Speaker must expire with the term as a Member; and the Clerk, Sergeant- at-Arms, Chief Administrative Officer, and Chaplain (I, 187), no one of whom has ever been chosen from the sitting membership of the House and who continue in office until their successors are chosen and qualified (I, 187). In one case the officers continued through the entire Congress succeeding that in which they were elected (I, 244, 263). Former officers include Doorkeeper (abol-ished by the 104th Congress, see §663b, infra) and Postmaster (abolished during the 102d Congress, see §668, infra). The House for-merly provided by special rule that the Clerk should continue in office until another should be chosen (I, 187, 188, 235, 244). Cur-rently, certain statutes impose on the offi-cers duties that contemplate their continu-ance (I, 14, 15; 2 U.S.C. 5602). Page 13 of house rules and manual of 115th congress: https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/ HMAN-115/pdf/HMAN-115.pdf [From The Hill, Apr. 27, 2018] DEM LAWMAKER LOOKING INTO WHETHER  R
YAN VIOLATED HOUSE RULES BY FORCING  O
UTCHAPLAIN  (By Avery Anapol) A Democratic Ohio lawmaker is looking into whether Speaker Paul Ryan (R–Wis.) violated House procedure when he sought the resignation of House Chaplain Patrick Conroy. Rep. Marcy Kaptur told Roll Call that she believes a House vote is necessary to remove a chaplain, as the position is considered an ‘‘officer of the House.’’ Conroy submitted a letter of resignation on Thursday at Ryan’s request, and a bipar-tisan group of lawmakers told The Hill that Conroy was forced out by the speaker. ‘‘[His departure was] more than a little suspicious,’’ Kaptur told Roll Call. The reason behind Conroy’s ouster is un-clear, though Democratic sources told The Hill it was because Conroy offered a prayer on the House floor that could have been in-terpreted as critical of the GOP tax law, leg-islation strongly championed by Ryan. Kaptur said she wants to find a bipartisan solution, which could include a privileged resolution to reinstate Conroy. ‘‘I don’t want to make it a partisan thing,’’ she said. ‘‘This is about a person and justice has to prevail.’’ ‘‘For me as a Catholic, with everything else that has gone in my church with cover- ups and all the rest, I feel a special responsi-bility to not have someone’s reputation dam-aged,’’ she said, adding that she thinks the chaplain was ‘‘deeply hurt’’ by the situation. 
[From Roll Call, Apr. 26, 2018] K
APTUR EXPLORING LEGISLATIVE REPRIEVE  
FOROUSTED HOUSE CHAPLAIN  Ohio Democrat said any legislation she proposes would be bipartisan. (By Lindsey McPherson) Rep. Marcy Kaptur does not believe Speak-er Paul D. Ryan has authority to remove House Chaplain Patrick J. Conroy without a vote of the House. And she’s exploring legis-lation to prevent his ouster. Conroy submitted a letter of resignation April 15 at the speaker’s request that was read on the House floor the following day. Ryan’s spokeswoman AshLee Strong con-firmed that Ryan sought the Jesuit priest’s resignation but did not provide a reason why. Rep. Walter B. Jones, R–N.C., and Joe Crowley, D–N.Y., both pointed to a prayer that Conroy delivered on the tax overhaul as the reason he was asked to leave. Jones said he spoke with Conroy and he confirmed that, saying the only intended meaning of the prayer was that the tax bill should help ev-eryone. ‘‘As legislation on taxes continues to be debated this week and next, may all Mem-bers be mindful that the institutions and structures of our great Nation guarantee the opportunities that have allowed some to achieve great success, while others continue to struggle,’’ Conroy said his Nov. 6 prayer on the House floor. ‘‘May their efforts these days guarantee that there are not winners and losers under new tax laws, but benefits balanced and shared by all Americans.’’ A senior GOP aide said there was not a spe-cific prayer that led to Ryan’s decision. Conroy’s resignation comes more than five months after he delivered the prayer on the tax debate but just days after Ryan an-nounced his plans to retire from Congress at the end of his term. ‘‘If we cannot protect freedom of prayer on the floor of the House, there is no hope for America. None,’’ Jones said. ‘‘This chaplain is elected by all the members we vote on. And this should be a vote by all the members for him not to be here.’’ NO RULE FOR REMOVAL ? Like Jones, Kaptur also spoke with Conroy, who was reluctant to talk about his resignation but upon her pressing revealed it was a request from the speaker. ‘‘I said, ‘But why?’ and he didn’t say any-thing,’’ she said. ‘‘So I went back to my staff and . . . looked at the rules of procedure for the House under the section dealing with the chaplain. . . . As an officer of the House, this should have consideration if there’s no cause. I mean what’s the cause?’’ Indeed the Jefferson’s Manual and Rules of the House of Representatives identifies the chaplain as an officer of the House, along with the speaker, clerk, sergeant-at-arms and chief administrative officer. The manual says the officers shall be elected at the com-mencement of each Congress. While the speaker’s term expires with the conclusion of each Congress, the other offi-cers ‘‘continue in office until their succes-sors are chosen and qualified,’’ the manual says. ‘‘The clerk, sergeant-at-arms, and chief ad-ministrative officer may be removed by the House or by the speaker,’’ the manual says, while making no mention of the procedure for removing the chaplain. If the matter should be subject to a vote it’s unclear whether Conroy waived that by submitting his resignation. 
LEGISLATIVE REMEDY ? Kaptur is continuing to dig into the mat-ter. The longest-serving woman in the House said she has not seen anything like this in her nearly three dozen years serving in this institution. ‘‘I don’t think it’s fair,’’ she said, calling the Conroy’s ouster ‘‘more than a little sus-picious.’’ Asked if there’s a procedural action mem-bers could take, like filing a privileged reso-lution reinstate Conroy, Kaptur said, ‘‘I am certainly of that mind. But I want to work on a bipartisan basis. I don’t want to make it a partisan thing. This is about a person and justice has to prevail.’’ Kaptur said any procedural action would be about treating Conroy, with the respect he deserves as an officer of the House. ‘‘For me as a Catholic with everything else that has gone in my church with cover-ups and all the rest, I feel a special responsibility to not have someone’s reputation damaged,’’ she said. Kaptur said she was surprised that Ryan, who is also Catholic, would make this deci-sion. She said Conroy didn’t say much when she spoke with him, but noted, ‘‘I think he’s deeply hurt.’’ 
GROUP FORMED TO VET SUCCESSORS  While Kaptur and others look for ways to keep Conroy in his position—Crowley, for ex-ample, is calling on Ryan to reconsider his decision—conversations about the next House chaplain have begun. Ryan has asked Rep. Doug Collins, R–Ga., to lead a bipartisan group of members in looking at potential replacements for Conroy. Rep. Emanuel Cleaver, D-Mo., will serve as the lead member of the group for the Democrats. Collins, a military chaplain for 17 years, said there’s no set number of members for the group yet or timeline for the group to submit recommendations. He predicted it could take a few months and a replacement would likely not be ready before Conroy’s May 24 resignation date. ‘‘This decision will be on the speaker ulti-mately,’’ Collins said. Collins said he is not looking for can-didates of a specific faith, just ones who have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.025 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3731 April 27, 2018 
‘‘a heart for people,’’ relate well to others and can listen. Rep. Mark Walker, chairman of the Con-gressional Prayer Caucus, is also serving on the group that will recommend the next chaplain. Both he and Collins said they had no issues with Conroy and were not familiar with Ryan’s reason for asking him to resign. As for successors, Walker, who served as a pastor for nearly 20 years before running for Congress, said he’s looking for someone with a nondenominational background that has a multicultural congregation or an otherwise diverse background. The North Carolina Republican also said he’d prefer ‘‘somebody who has a little age, that has adult children, that kind of can con-nect with the bulk of the body here, Repub-licans or Democrats as far as what we’re going through back home—you’ve got the wife, the family, things you encounter—that has some counseling experience or has man-aged or worked with people, maybe a larger church size, being able to have that under-standing or that experience.’’ While Walker had initially specified some-one with children and said ‘‘having some-body who’s walked in those shoes I think al-lows you to immediately relate a little bit more than others.’’ Catholic priests take a vow of celibacy. Walker followed up with the reporters he made his comments to clarify he was not dis-qualifying Catholic priests because of that vow. ‘‘When I say family experience I mean that you’ve been a priest or pastor over a parish-ioner with families who have situations, adult children, those kinds of things.’’ f 
REMEMBERING THE 40TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE WILLOW IS-LAND DISASTER (Mr. M
CKINLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the 40th anniversary of the Willow Island disaster, when 51 construction workers perished in the deadliest construction accident in United States history. These men were building cooling tower No. 2 at the Pleasants Power Station in West Virginia. Just after 10 o’clock on that tragic day, as the third lift of concrete was being lifted, the cable housing on the crane went slack and the crane collapsed in on the tower. The concrete that had been poured the previous day then started to un-wrap the tower, taking out the scaf-folding. All the men who were on the scaffolding at that time were killed, and many workers on the ground were buried under the falling debris. This horrible accident spurred a na-tional conversation about more con-struction safety and led to improved standards. And for those of us who have worked in the construction industry, it underscored just how fragile life is and that paying attention to every detail can make a difference whether we go home or not. This is a tragedy that is still felt throughout the Pleasants County com-munity. Angie Colvin, who was just in the fifth grade at the time of the dis-aster, lost 12 family members that day, including her father. The Willow Island community will gather this evening at the memorial erected in honor of those 51 workers. Our prayers are with the entire com-munity on this day of remembrance. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF JAMES ZECCA (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a remarkable public servant and close friend in New York’s 22nd District, Mr. James Zecca, of Utica, New York. At the end of May, Jim will retire from his position as the director of the Madison County Department of Solid Waste and Sanitation, a position he started and created in 1988. A few years ago, a colleague of Jim’s said that his ‘‘forward thinking attitude and deter-mination has made Madison County a leader in recycling in New York State.’’ He ensured the county was open and transparent to everyone, al-ways including the community as a whole in every process. Even though he works in Madison County during the day, Jim has served his community, his own community in Utica, the city of Utica, for many years. He served as a city councilman representing the Second District, and also a councilman-at-large during his time on the Utica Common Council. Jim has always been a champion of the little guy, the small-business owner, and the citizens who have been hurt by government incompetence, overreach, and yes, even corruption. It is my honor to congratulate Jim on 30 years of exceptional service to Madison County and our entire com-munity. His hard work, courage, and compassion will be missed by all. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my colleagues join me in congratulating Jim on his retirement, and best wishes for the future, and also, for his tireless effort in making America great again. Congratulations, Jim. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SESAME PLACE ON ITS DESIGNATION AS A CER-TIFIED AUTISM CENTER (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, April is Autism Awareness Month, and I would like to recognize a family land-mark in my district that has gone the extra mile to assist individuals with autism. Sesame Place, a theme park located in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, in my district, and my former employer, was recently designated as a Certified Au-tism Center. This distinction, devel-oped by the International Board of Credentialing and Continuing Edu-cation Standards, certifies facilities that are compatible for those with au-tism, and their families. To earn this designation, all staff at Sesame Place underwent extensive training on autism awareness and sen-sitivity. When the park reopens for its 38th season this year, it will also in-clude two new ‘‘quiet rooms’’ with ad-justable lights and noise-canceling headphones. Mr. Speaker, I am extremely proud to say that Sesame Place in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, is the first theme park in the world to be des-ignated as a Certified Autism Center. I would like to thank the staff and all of my friends at Sesame Place for making the park a hospitable and fun place for our entire community. f 
CONGRATULATING NEBRASKA’S THEDFORD HIGH SCHOOL NA-TIONAL SCIENCE BOWL TEAM (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to congratulate Nebras-ka’s Thedford High School National Science Bowl Team on winning their regional competition and securing a position in next week’s tournament in our Nation’s capital. The National Science Bowl is one of the largest and most prestigious aca-demic competitions, having been cre-ated in 1991 by the Office of Science within the U.S. Department of Energy. Our team from Thedford High School, comprised of students David Gordon, Andrew Gordon, Rhiannon Painter, Kalee Jepsen, and Ariel Bryant, and led by Coach Geri Smith, brings pride to Nebraska’s Third District. I know the constituents I represent join me in wishing them well as they begin the tournament on Sunday, April 29, 2018. On behalf of the people of Ne-braska’s Third District, I commend the Thedford High School National Science Bowl Team for this noteworthy accom-plishment, and wish them well in the competition. Go Knights. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF BILL MULDER (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, today I introduced legislation to honor the life of a high school buddy of mine and a decorated Navy SEAL, Bill Mulder. Bill was a true American hero who served our country with honor and dis-tinction. Like many of our troops, Bill’s great-est fight wasn’t on the battlefield; it was the struggle that often ensues from the mental, emotional, and phys-ical wear and tear from military serv-ice. On top of that, people like Bill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.028 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3732 April 27, 2018 
who spend their entire careers pursuing excellence as a warrior, often wrestle with life back as a civilian. The Transition Assistance Program can help prepare folks like Bill for the challenges and opportunities of transitioning to civilian life, to create a new sense of purpose, to equip them with the tools to be successful in the marketplace, leveraging their unique experiences and skills from their time in the armed services. Named in honor of Bill Mulder, my legislation works to strengthen and improve this program. We owe it to Bill and every veteran to make the transition from Active Duty to civilian life more seamless and successful, which I believe this legislation does. God bless the Mulder family. God bless our troops. God bless America. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) is rec-ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate the privilege and the honor to address you here on the floor of the United States House of Representa-tives, and I come to the floor today to bring up a list of subjects that I think should be deliberated upon here in the House Chamber. The first one that is on my mind is the moral calling that we have to step in to save the lives of the most inno-cent among us. And as I watched some of the discussion that took place here on the floor today, and I look over at the people that were a part of the privi-leged motion, as I reflect upon however strong they are in their verbal support for the Catholic Church, I didn’t see one of them over there that actually will defend innocent, unborn human life. And we have tested it time after time here on the floor of the House of Representatives. So the central principle of the Catho-lic Church, and many other Christian faiths, I will add, is to protect inno-cent, unborn human life, to oppose abortion-on-demand, and to respect the values that once a child is conceived, once fertilization takes place, we have a unique combination of DNA that is never matched again in history; and that unique combination of DNA is cre-ated in God’s image, and I believe that he puts a soul in that little baby from that moment. b1230 And as that little baby starts to grow in its mother’s womb, we have a child that is a gift to the world and a gift here to America; a gift to that child’s parents, grandparents, family, neigh-bors, community; a gift to our country. Yet there is a policy here that allows for the Supreme Court to step in and intervene with the will of the people and establish what they seem to be-lieve is a right to decide who lives and who dies and under what terms that might be. In 1973, January 22 of 1973, two deci-sions came down from the United States Supreme Court. One was Roe v. Wade, which most everyone seems to know and understand; and that Roe v. Wade decision essentially was that they believe that the child wouldn’t be protected until after the first tri-mester. Trimesters were part of the dialogue in Roe v. Wade. Doe v. Bolton was the companion case; and in that companion case of Doe v. Bolton that was decided on the same day, it essentially said, except for all of these other things: the life or health of the mother, the familial rela-tionship of the mother, the economic condition of the mother, of course the physical health of the mother. The list went on. But it was so broad that it really said this: that Roe v. Wade says you can have abortion on demand after the first trimester. Doe v. Bolton said you can have abortion on demand for any rea-son or essentially no rational reason whatsoever. And that stayed in place from 1973 until 1992, when the Planned Parent-hood v. Casey decision came down. It is interesting that the son of Dem-ocrat Governor of Pennsylvania— former Governor of Pennsylvania, since passed away, God rest his pro-life soul—B
OBCASEY , who was denied the opportunity to speak before the Demo-cratic National Convention because of his pro-life credentials, was the subject of the lawsuit from Planned Parent-hood to Governor Casey of Pennsyl-vania. Out of that decision came a majority opinion that ratcheted the abortion issue a little ways, and it said: Well, you can’t abort them after there is a viability. But that viability was indistinct, and it settled in somewhere around 24 or 25 weeks. So it had litigation around that. We have had legislation around that. But, meanwhile, abortion on de-mand pretty much walked its way across this country. In the late part of the 1990s, we had legislation that passed that banned partial-birth abortion. It was a big de-bate here on the floor of the House of Representatives, that ghastly and ghoulish practice—and I won’t describe it here on the floor out of sensitivity, Mr. Speaker, to ears that might not be able to absorb this—but it is ghastly and it is ghoulish, a partial-birth abor-tion. Yet that practice was going on around this country. This Congress banned it in the House and in the Sen-ate. Then it was litigated; and, let’s see, as it was litigated, the Supreme Court ruled that partial-birth abortion was a legal act because the Congress had failed to define the act of partial- birth abortion precisely enough that it was a vague description as to what that act actually was. So they said that that burden couldn’t be upon the abortionist to know what Congress ac-tually meant. Therefore, the Supreme Court ruled it unconstitutional. They also added to it being indistinct that Congress had not established that it was never medically necessary to save the life of the mother. So we went back to work here in this Congress, and I was part of that as a member of the Judiciary Committee. The chairman of the Constitution and Civil Justice Subcommittee at that time was Congressman STEVE CHABOT  from Ohio, a very strong and principled pro-life Congressman to this day, and I hope the next chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, and he is the central player in this, and I got to weigh in and maybe tweak the lan-guage a little bit, but we precisely de-fined the act of partial-birth abortion precisely enough. We also held hearing after hearing that concluded that a partial-birth abortion was never necessary to save the life of a mother. There were ghastly testimonies that came before the Judiciary Committee in that period of time, but we passed that legislation off the House, we passed it off the Senate, and it was liti-gated again. LeRoy Carhart was the lead abortionist who litigated this case. It was Gonzales v. Carhart, as I recall. I went to Lincoln, Nebraska. It was heard in three circuits. The one in Lin-coln, Nebraska, is the one I sat in on; and after a number of hours of listen-ing to that case be heard before the court, I went out and did a press con-ference outside the Federal building because the judge had said that the two attorneys in the case, the opposing at-torneys in the case, had done more due diligence than the United States Con-gress. I knew what the due diligence was here. He did not. So I raised that issue: How do you do more due diligence than the United States Congress bringing in the wisdom of America and the Amer-ican people and having public hearings and rolling that information out over and over again, and the due diligence of precisely parsing the language of the decision that went against life and for a ghastly and ghoulish abortion, and precisely defined that act so that it could no longer be argued that we didn’t make it clear enough in our leg-islation? And we made it very clear that it was never necessary to do a partial-birth abortion to save the life of the mother. We established those principles; and once we established those principles, then I am there in Lincoln, Nebraska, to defend it. I could only speak to that court through the press. There wasn’t a way for me to walk down and make a case before the judge, but I made the case to the press; and when he read the press clippings the next morning, ap-parently, is when he discovered this, he offered to recuse himself. Well, I wish they had taken him up on that. But in any case, Judge Kopf 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.046 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3733 April 27, 2018 
found against life and for abortion, as did the other two circuits, and we had now lost at two or three circuits in the previous legislation, we lost before the Supreme Court, the ban on partial- birth abortion had been struck down, and we have lost in three circuits when we came back with the better language and the congressional findings that it is never necessary to do a partial-birth abortion to save the life of the mother. We lost in all of these areas. So that is two or three circuits the first time around, and a Supreme Court the first time around, and three circuits the sec-ond time around on our way to the Su-preme Court. Now, who would think we would be successful before the Supreme Court the second time through with Gonzales v. Carhart? And I would say that, looking back on history, we should have been able to expect that. I don’t know what I ex-pected, I just knew what my job was was to do all I could do to save the lives of the most innocent among us. So the Supreme Court found in favor of life and against LeRoy Carhart and said that Congress had successfully and legally and constitutionally banned the ghastly and ghoulish act of partial- birth abortion. That is the only case that I know of where we have gone back to the court after we had failed the first time on the life issue, tried again. So when we went back to the court, we gained ground; we didn’t lose. And if you track the court along the way, I think that you see that there has been an incremental increase in their support for the authority, the constitutional authority of Congress and the State legislatures, to ban abor-tion or to limit abortion. And we are sitting there today with a Supreme Court that might well be a 5–4 decision against the Heartbeat bill, H.R. 490; the Heartbeat bill that requires an abor-tionist who is contemplating commit-ting an abortion to first check for a heartbeat, and if a heartbeat can be de-tected, the baby is protected. That is the standard that is within H.R. 490. We don’t make exceptions for rape or incest because I believe it is immoral to execute a baby for the sin and the crime of the father. So we have a very clean, very precise, very well-worded—and it is not worded in anticipation of it going before this court, Mr. Speaker, but it is written in anticipation of going before the Court after the next appointment and con-firmation to the Supreme Court. Gorsuch 2, I might say. And even though this Court could be disposed to uphold Heartbeat, because their legal argument gets a little vague, they don’t get to say a heart-beat is vague. We know if there is a beating heart, there is life. We know it is a human life. We know that an un-born baby with a beating heart has at least a 95 percent chance of experi-encing a successful birth. And some of those numbers go higher than that, not to 100 percent, but ap-proach 100 percent. I use 95 percent be-cause I am confident that that number does not overstate. It does not over-state the prospects for a child that has a heartbeat. We know that a heartbeat designates life. We know that abortion stops a beating heart. And we know that, in the 14th Amendment, it requires that we protect life, liberty, and property, in that order, I might add, in a prioritized order. And, Mr. Speaker, I take it all back to the Declaration of Independence when Thomas Jefferson penned the words that the protection for life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness, are the words that are in our Declaration. A little bit different than John Locke’s life, liberty, and property. But the life, liberty, and property is deeply entrenched within the literature that brought us up to the Declaration and the Constitution and is enshrined in the 14th Amendment. So I assert that our Founders under-stood, and nearly a century later, with the 14th Amendment, the Framers of the 14th Amendment understood, that they were prioritized rights. They didn’t get this wrong. They never put property, liberty, and life; or liberty, property, life; or any other combina-tion that might be conceivable with the three rights that are protected. In every case that I can find in lit-erature anywhere, it is always life, lib-erty, and then it either says property or pursuit of happiness. As a matter of fact, Mr. Speaker, pursuit of happiness was understood by our Founding Fathers to be rooted in the Greek word ‘‘eudemonia.’’ E-u-d-e- m-o-n-i-a is how it is spelled, and I be-lieve exactly how it is also pronounced. And what it means is, that is the Greek word for pursuit of happiness, which they understood to mean the de-velopment of the whole human being. The development of a person’s physical body, to get to exercise and stay in shape, get in shape, stay in shape, be-come proficient athletically so that you can use your body for all of the things you might need to use it for. And the second component of this is to develop one’s self intellectually, be-cause God gives you a brain, after all, and that raw material, that brain, is a gift to you. You have an obligation to develop your intellectual capacity. So that is your education, your training, your cognitive skills, develop them to the max. So develop yourself physically, de-velop yourself intellectually, and then the third component is develop your-self spiritually to put together the composition of the whole human being. That pursuit of happiness is understood by the Greeks and identified by the Greek word ‘‘eudemonia.’’ That is what the Founding Fathers understood when Thomas Jefferson took the quill and wrote: ‘‘Life, liberty, pursuit of happiness.’’ Not a fun tail-gate party, not putting your feet up and watching the ball game. Not a cele-bration among your family in that way. All those things are fine, but it is about developing the whole human being. And even that, as important as it is to develop yourselves as a whole human being, the efforts and endeavors to do so could never step on the liberty of others; the liberty of others to have a speech, religion, assembly, the right to keep and bear arms, the rights to property. All of those things that are some of the liberties that are God- given liberties that are protected, they are protected even from someone else in their pursuit of happiness or their development of their own eudemonia, cannot take away someone else’s free-dom of speech, religion, right to assem-bly, freedom of the press, the right to keep and bear arms, the protection from unreasonable search and seizure, or the right to own property. All of those things are protected as God-given liberties in the Framers’ documents, and particularly in the Declaration of Independence, and then they are addi-tionally enshrined within the Constitu-tion itself. So pursue happiness, use your lib-erties to do that. None of those things are any good if you don’t have life. Life is the paramount right; and in protec-tion of life, especially the most vulner-able among us, innocent, unborn human life, and the protection of that life, no one can use their liberties to take someone else’s life. b1245 And no one can use their pursuit of happiness to take someone else’s lib-erty or life. These are prioritized in that order: life is paramount, liberty comes second, and eudemonia—pursuit of happiness—comes third. That is the structure that was under-stood intellectually and intuitively by our Founding Fathers, by the Framers of our Constitution, and the drafters of our Declaration, and that is the frame-work that we must adhere to in this country if we are going to continue to enjoy God-given liberty in any of its forms over the long haul. The sin that this Nation is commit-ting with 60 million abortions—these innocent little babies who are the fu-ture of our country, 60 million, and today we have what we call a full-em-ployment economy. The unemploy-ment rate is as low as it has been since 2001. And I am constantly hearing em-ployers say: You need to get me a labor force. Well, I remember 10 years ago the message was: You need to create jobs. The private sector creates jobs—not government, as a rule. But it was jobs 10 years ago. Today, it is: We have too many jobs and not enough workers. Well, where are those workers? They are the aborted generations that we are missing today, the ghosts that sit be-tween us when nearly a third of a gen-eration is gone and 60 million are miss-ing. Not only 60 million are missing, but there is roughly another 60 million who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.047 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3734 April 27, 2018 
were not born because their mothers were aborted. And when you do the back-of-the-envelope calculation on that, it falls to roughly 60 million more. So somewhere between 100 mil-lion and 120 million Americans are missing because Roe v. Wade, Doe v. Bolton, Planned Parenthood v. Casey— Planned Parenthood, that, itself, spends millions lobbying the United States Congress and State legislatures across this land, millions. They are the number one abortion company—factory—in America, com-mitting around 354,000 abortions a year of the right at 1 million abortions a year. When I talk to people here on this floor, a gentlewoman from the other side of the aisle just spoke here some minutes ago, who said to me: S
TEVE , why are you worried about abortion? We have got abortions down to under 1 million a year. The peak was about 1.6 million abor-tions a year, so why am I worried about this? They score the difference between the high watermark in abortions at 1.6 million and what appears to be a very stable, maybe low watermark of 1 mil-lion abortions a year. They think that somehow by messaging we have saved 600,000 babies every year is good be-cause we are not aborting babies at the willy-nilly pace we were at the peak of abortions a couple, four decades ago. I say instead, you don’t get to keep score because there aren’t as many ba-bies being taken today by abortionists. You can only keep score by ending a ghastly, ghoulish, and immoral prac-tice and protecting these innocent lives. These are innocent lives of all races. All of God’s children, every one, created in His image. And that unique piece of DNA that I mentioned at the beginning, Mr. Speaker, that will never be matched up again. Of all of the possible combina-tions, it is beyond our imagination to think how that unique person could be-come matched up in another genera-tion. There are 7 billion people on this planet, and what are the distinctions between us? Just think, how many times have you heard a voice from another room and recognized that voice because it is unique. You know who it is. It has to be somebody usually close to you or somebody you have heard quite often. I know that I have come up behind a vehicle out in my neighborhood and the vehicle had probably been traded two or three times since I had seen the driver, but I come up behind that pick-up, I see the back of his head, and I can tell by the way he sits behind the steering wheel who he is—even if I haven’t seen him in 20 years—because we are that unique. There are 7 billion faces here, and they are all unique. Even though there is identical DNA in the case of identical twins, triplets, quadruplets, quintuplets, septuplets, sextuplets—I think I covered all that has ever existed—but whatever kind of combination of unique matches of DNA, they still look different enough. All of their mothers can tell them apart. And the older these identical twins get, the easier it is for all of the rest of us to tell them apart just by looking at their face, sometimes by lis-tening to their voice. Even the genetically identical are not identical. We can tell them apart because God has given us a unique vis-age, a face. And think what we do with it. I mean, can you imagine if you were going to create the world and invent all of the things that were put here in Genesis and then you put Adam and Eve down there on the planet, what kind of thought process that takes to give us a visage, a face, that is so unique that everybody can tell it apart from everybody else? Think how hard it would be if we all wore a mask every day. We couldn’t recognize each other. If we couldn’t recognize voices or faces, or if we couldn’t read facial expressions, how hard would it be to go do business? How hard would it be to express a feeling, a sense? How hard would it be to say: ‘‘I am happy with you’’; ‘‘I kind of wonder about you’’; ‘‘I have my doubts about you’’; and ‘‘I am angry at you.’’ All of those things come out of our faces, and little kids, from babies on up, recognize facial expressions. They know a smile means joy; they know a frown might not be; and we listen to them and watch their faces. It is in-stinctive in them, because God gave us those abilities to be unique and to ex-press ourselves, each with our own unique visage. And that is what we are eliminating with abortion, somehow believing that it is a mass of tissue that doesn’t have identifying characteristics, that doesn’t have a potential—and we all know in our hearts better than that. That is why I wrote the Heartbeat bill, because it does touch to our hearts, and we know what the sound of that beating heart is. In my iPhone here, Mr. Speaker, I have a series of different little babies with beating hearts, and I can turn on that audio and listen to the beating heart of my little granddaughter that is due to be born in the latter part of July of this year. The baby is 26 weeks and 2 days along, today, as we speak, and the last heartbeat pulse I got was 161 beats per minute. I also have, of course, the ultrasound pictures in here of that little miracle that is waiting to burst forth and breathe free air here in America. And I am far from alone. There are millions of Americans that experience the same thing. I have what is now a former district representative that worked for me for a decade, and there framed in his office— a picture about this big—framed was the first picture of their firstborn son, firstborn child, and his name is Joseph Dean Anderson, and the picture is of his ultrasound. The picture was there well before he was born, and they bonded with him from the beginning because they could see the facial expressions. They could watch him move. They could hear his beating heart. And today, that little guy is about 9 years old, a handsome, towheaded little boy that loves God and will be a fine American citizen. We have an obligation to protect those lives, Mr. Speaker. This Congress has, I believe, the votes within it to protect those lives, but not the will, at this point, to move H.R. 490, the Heart-beat bill, to this floor—or even to com-mittee, for that matter. Now, I have gone to work on this and we brought the Heartbeat bill further and faster than any pro-life legislation of consequence since Roe v. Wade in 1973. As we entered into this Congress and we went to work on this—and my thanks to Janet Porter and Tom DeLay for their tremendous work that they have done—we built a whip team here in this Congress of about 12 to 15, and we fanned out throughout the Con-ference, and people brought their cards back in, and we ended up with 170 co-sponsors on H.R. 490. Well, I said, ‘‘ended up.’’ That is how many we had yesterday when the Sun came up. We added one more at the end of the day yesterday, and I am thank-ful that we are still making progress. And I expect there will be a trickling that will be added on to that, but it is a pretty good, long list of Republican Members that say: I will vote for it. I am just not quite ready to sign on the bill yet. They have their own political reasons for that, but I believe the votes are here in this Congress to pass Heart-beat. And if we pass Heartbeat, we will have taken the first step to saving the lives of nearly 1 million babies a year in America and starting to fill back up again that hole that is two or three generations old by now, 45 years old. Some would say that is two genera-tions. It is probably closer—Thomas Jefferson declared a generation to be 19 years. Two, or a little more than two generations are missing in America. Some of those little girls who were aborted would have had babies by now, and there would have been roughly maybe another 60 million babies al-ready born to that generation that is missing. We have an obligation to defend their lives. We have an obligation to defend life. We have an obligation to restruc-ture, again, the priorities of life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness. How can we sit here and say we are moral? How can we be indignant about a discretionary decision made by the Speaker of the House and not have a bit of a qualm about 60 million babies aborted because of the intransigence of the people who stood there just an hour ago to lecture the American people on a judgment call that they disagreed with form the President of the United States and, by the way, with the Speaker of the House. That lack of a moral position over on that side of the aisle is why we still 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.050 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3735 April 27, 2018 
have Roe v. Wade, Doe v. Bolton, Planned Parenthood v. Casey, nearly 1 million abortions a year, two missing generations, and a population that would be 100 million to 120 million stronger had that Supreme Court made the decision that was constitutional, true, right, and just in all of its aspects in 1973. Information emerged years later at the retirement of Justice Blackmun that Justice Kennedy was prepared to vote on the pro-life side in Planned Parenthood v. Casey and that there were decisions that were made that will always be within the bowels of the Supreme Court as to why that didn’t happen. But the information out there says it was very close, that the deci-sion really was on the side of life; and for an unexplained reason, it went the other way in 1992, and that gave Ken-nedy the opportunity to write the ma-jority opinion in Planned Parenthood v. Casey. That is why we came up with the viability nonstandard standard. Now we have taken the Heartbeat bill up through the circuit court in North Dakota, and the court struck it down, as we knew they would. It just should be common knowledge by any-one who is involved in this discussion that with the Supreme Court precedent decisions, and especially precedent de-cisions that are as well-known and have extended as long as they have with Planned Parenthood v. Casey and Doe v. Bolton and Roe v. Wade, that with those precedent cases, no lower Federal court is going to attempt to defy the United States Supreme Court. So any pro-life legislation that chal-lenges existing Supreme Court prece-dent, which we must do if we are going to ever reduce the nearly 1 million abortions a year down to far fewer—by, say, 95 percent—will always lose at the lower court. At every level in the Fed-eral court, we will lose, because those lower courts will not challenge the United States Supreme Court, Mr. Speaker. That means we have to go back through this motion that we had again, go back through the exercise we had again that three circuits heard the ban on partial-birth abortions. Three cir-cuits struck it down, even though we had rewritten the legislation to con-form with the Supreme Court decision because they were not about to tell the United States Supreme Court that the inferior courts are superior to the Su-preme Court. So we accept that. I don’t want to hear an argument from pro-life organizations that say: Well, the case is already settled. We tried Heartbeat before the circuit when it was passed in North Dakota, and the circuit struck down the North Dakota law, so we are defeated. Really, that is not a defeat. When you know you have to accept that de-feat in order to qualify to get to the Supreme Court, that is not a defeat. That is a process that you accept at the onset. I accept that process at the onset to go forward through the lower courts to get to the Supreme Court, but the chal-lenge isn’t so much that, right now. The immediate challenge is this: There are four windows that we have to get Heartbeat, H.R. 490, through if we are going to save the lives of these babies with the beating heart. The first window—by the way, these windows have to be opened in the right se-quence. There are four windows, and I will name them: the House, the Senate, the Presidency, and the Supreme Court. If the Supreme Court opens up and we lose pro-life majorities in the House or Senate, if the Supreme Court opens up, it isn’t going to do us any good be-cause we can’t get there with the case—at least, out of this Congress we can’t. If we lose the Presidency, say we wait until the year 2020 and lose the Presidency and we end up with a pro- abortion President again, it isn’t going to do us any good. Remember, Presi-dent Obama said he didn’t want to see his daughters punished with a baby. b1300 If we end up with a pro-abortion President, again, it won’t matter if there is a pro-life majority in the House or the Senate, because the Presi-dent would veto it. By the way, Mr. Speaker, we do have a pro-life majority in the Senate today. It is a bare pro-life majority. It is a 51– 49 pro-life majority in the Senate. That was proven with the 20-week bill that did not defeat the cloture vote over there, but it had a bare majority of votes. So it is close, but a pro-life ma-jority in the Senate. We have a pro-life majority in the House of Representatives. That is clear here. I believe we have the votes to pass H.R. 490, the Heartbeat bill, off the floor. Window number one, pro-life major-ity in the House. We have it. Let’s move H.R. 490. Let’s move it now. The second window is the pro-life ma-jority in the Senate. Questionable. But if they suspended their rules, they could pass Heartbeat in the Senate. If that happened, H.R. 490 then would go to the President. The President will sign H.R. 490, the Heartbeat bill. He will sign it, and one of the things that I guarantee is that Vice President M
IKE PENCE , who has a terrifically good heart himself, would be standing next to the President of the United States at that time. The President would sign that bill. Now we can count on it, at that point. That is window number three. Window number one, pro-life major-ity in the House; window number two, pro-life majority in the Senate; window number three, a pro-life President that will sign the bill. Window number four is the Supreme Court. We have to walk through the swamp and the quagmire of the lower courts to get there, but we would get there at that point. A Heartbeat bill passed by this Congress would get to the Supreme Court, and they would have a very difficult time refusing to grant cert and they would hear the case, I believe, and it would be a land-mark case. We would be in a position to see Planned Parenthood v. Casey reversed, Doe v. Bolton reversed, Roe v. Wade re-versed, and to see life respected in America again, as it was before 1973. That is the path we need to follow. What is obstructing this path, Mr. Speaker? I know that you are asking that yourself, but for me, I am prepared to answer the question that you are thinking. There seems to be a perhaps long-standing rule, one that was probably continued by Speaker Boehner or cre-ated by him. It seems that it goes back further than the current leadership in the House, but I have talked to each one of the top three Republican leaders in the House and each have told me: We won’t bring pro-life legislation to the floor of the House unless it is sup-ported by the top three pro-life organi-zations in the country, that being Family Research Council, Tony Per-kins; Susan B. Anthony List, Marjorie Dannenfelser. Both of those people are good friends and powerful, committed pro-life work-ers. I have great respect for them and all of their organizations they have put together, and many others. By the way, there are 170 cosponsors on Heartbeat, plus 162 pro-life organizations or na-tional leaders that are cosponsors on this. So I have named the two of the three, what some have expressed as the holy trinity of pro-life, so to speak. The other is the National Right to Life, NRLC. @NRLC would be their Twitter handle. They say: We do not oppose Heartbeat. I say they do not support Heartbeat. They say they don’t have veto power, but the Speaker, the majority leader, and the whip say they do. But the Speaker’s spokesman said: No, there isn’t any such rule. Well, it is being applied. National Right to Life, when I say to them it is time to lead, follow, or get out of the way, they say: Well, we do not oppose and we don’t have that kind of power. My answer to that is: Then pick up the phone, call the Speaker, and tell Speaker R YANyou don’t want to have that veto power; remove yourself from this. And I said specifically: Lead, fol-low, or get out of the way. It is probably too late to lead for them. It is probably not too late for them to follow—I hope they do—but at a minimum, get out of the way. Pick up the phone, call the Speaker, tell the public that you don’t want to have veto power over Heartbeat, that you want to get out of the way. If the Speaker wants to pick another organization, let him do that. That would be fine with me. There are plen-ty of good organizations out there. Meanwhile, National Right to Life says to me: Why are you dividing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.051 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3736 April 27, 2018 
pro-life community? We can’t be pit-ting ourselves against each other. We will never accomplish anything if we fight among ourselves. My answer back to that is, Mr. Speaker: Accusing me of dividing? One hundred seventy Members of the House of Representatives say: I want Heartbeat to the floor for a vote. There are a whole bunch of others who want to vote for it that aren’t yet ready to sign on. The will of we the people is reflected in the votes in this republican form of government which is guaranteed to us in the United States Constitution. It is not what anybody says out here that controls what goes on in here. It influ-ences, but it doesn’t control. We have an obligation, every one of us. All 435 of us owe our constituents our best effort and our best judgment. That best effort and judgment doesn’t mean that we let unelected, outside or-ganizations dictate against the will of the majority here in the House of Rep-resentatives. But that is what is going on by this rule that hangs up there in the Speaker’s office that, unless Na-tional Right to Life comes onboard, the pro-life legislation is not coming to the floor of the House of Representatives. I do not think that that is a defen-sible position. It is not defensible for National Right to Life, whose mission statement says they protect life from the beginning of life until natural death. If you look a little further on their website—because I wanted to know the technicalities—when they be-lieve life begins, posted on their website: at the moment of fertilization. I agree with them completely, with their mission statement, that we should protect life from the moment of fertilization until natural death, be-cause human life is sacred in all of its forms. It begins at the moment of fer-tilization. It begins at the moment of conception. In fact, former Governor Bob Casey, whom I spoke of earlier in Planned Parenthood v. Casey, said years ago—I clipped it out and put it on my bulletin board—before we had electronics, ev-erything had to be saved; you couldn’t go search on the internet—pre-inter-net, Governor Bob Casey said: Human life cannot be measured. It is the meas-ure itself against which all other things are weighed. Think of that. What is a life worth? It can’t be quantified because it is the measure. When the Frenchmen created the metric system, they did a calculation of the distance either around the Earth or pole to pole—who knows if it is right or not—and they divided it down into increments and came up with the meter. Well, the meter is a standard for distance of measure. How long is a meter? Well, it is whatever the distance is that is identical to the platinum strap, I will call it, the platinum meter stick that is stored at standard temperature and pressure so that it doesn’t expand or contract and it is always a standard length. They created it in kind of an odd fashion, but they established it as the measure. That measure, that platinum stick at standard pressure and temperature that is a meter is the distance against which all other distances are measured and made within the metric system. Well, that gives you an idea of what human life is. Human life is sacred in all of its forms. It is the measure itself against which we measure every other value that we have. So how can we say that this life is not worth it when it is sacred and it is the measure? We are here with the National Right to Life resisting—and I use that word as an informed word, not just a random one off the shelf—resisting the move-ment of Heartbeat, because they be-lieve that if we challenge the Supreme Court, then Kennedy would be—and I will use these words—Justice Kennedy, because I do respect him—using their words, would be forced to vote against Heartbeat and would be in a position to assign Justice Ginsburg to write the majority opinion, in which case she would likely take away all things that we have gained. I say: What? What do we have to lose? What could we possibly lose? All we know is this: 45 years of incrementalism has piled up 60 million dead babies. And we are afraid to chal-lenge the Supreme Court, when every time we knock on their door, we have gained something rather than lost something? Furthermore, society is moving. So-ciety is moving in the direction of life, because we see the ultrasounds. We know. I will say, Mr. Speaker, I always knew. I knew when I picked up my first little baby, little David King, on March 24, 1976, and I looked at him, that little miracle. There was an aura about him. I was so amazed at the miracle of that child, you could have convinced me that he was the second coming of Jesus Christ himself, that aura about him. I was stunned. I was so drawn to him, drawn to that miracle. I had to go to work later on that day, and I was sit-ting there working and I was thinking: Could anybody take that little baby’s life now, now that he is these few hours old? Could they take his life when he is an hour old? Could they take his life at the moment he was born when he burst forth into the delivery room and began to cry and gurgle and scream and expe-rience the harshness of birth, which has got to be a stunning thing—I am kind of glad, maybe, I don’t remember that myself—but I remember his. An absolute miracle. If they couldn’t take his life the minute after he was born, why could they take it the minute before he was born or the hour or the day? Or could we take his life the week before he was born or the month or the trimester or another trimester? You can follow that all the way back to conception. There is no distinct mo-ment in development of an innocent little baby. Once the sperm fertilizes the egg and you have that unique com-bination of DNA, from there on, there is no distinct moment or instant. I would like to protect those babies from that moment on, but we can’t prove that fertilization, conception today, medically, in that instant, but we can with a heartbeat. Anyone that has heard a heartbeat knows that that beating heart tells us there is life. It speaks to our hearts and it speaks to our consciences. It is impossible to be a moral human being and make an argument that tak-ing the life of a little baby with a beat-ing heart somehow is justifiable, when we know the potential for that little baby is as great as our own in almost every case. Even if they are not, we have a case that looks like its going before the Su-preme Court that bans the abortion of a baby that might be diagnosed with a disease, particularly—an affliction, I should call it—Down syndrome. In In-diana, now-Vice President M
IKEPENCE  signed the bill. These are some of the most lovable human beings on the planet. They have a heart in them that seems to have more love than the aver-age heart in the rest of us. They have banned the abortion of Down syndrome babies in Indiana. Now, what is curious is, the way that is left, maybe that is upheld in the Su-preme Court, maybe it is not, but if it is upheld in the Supreme Court, it leaves the door open for abortion on de-mand for others who are not diagnosed. So does it say that there will be ba-bies of whom they will deny the diag-nosis of the affliction of Down syn-drome so they can be aborted? These moral questions should not be answered at all by a civilized society. They should be answered by this: a unique human being created at the mo-ment of conception. We can be certain of that when that baby has a beating heart. If we stop that beating heart, we are ending an innocent human life. That is the question. I would like to start it at the moment of conception, but from a beating heart, that is the time that we can prove it. Now, everybody knows it. Everybody knows it because we have ultrasounds and the audio of that 161 beats a minute. That little granddaughter of mine that, Lord willing, we are expect-ing her arrival the last week or so in July, that strong, purposeful heart is beating at 161 beats a minute. We can’t stop that life because it is inconven-ient, because somebody is inconven-ienced by a pregnancy. Why is it that abortion came along shortly after the contraceptives be-came so available everywhere, all the time, to anybody? b1315 I remember when birth control pills came in, about the mid-sixties. Shortly after that, here is abortion on demand in 1973. If ever there was contraception 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.053 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3737 April 27, 2018 
available on demand, they became available within the decade before Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton. Why did that happen? The least ex-cuse possible was when contraceptives became the most available possible. That all happened almost simulta-neously. And by the way, it was my genera-tion coming of age at the time that that happened, Mr. Speaker. So I urge National Right to Life to lead, follow, or get out of the way. I would be awfully happy if you join in and follow, because we know this: there will be a turnover in the United States Supreme Court. We know that the President of the United States has pledged that he will make nominations to the Supreme Court off of the list of 21 that was approved by The Federalist Society, by The Heritage Foundation, and, if it matters, also by me. The first appointment out of that list of 21 is Neil Gorsuch. I think we can be very optimistic about the decisions that he will bring down, from what I know of him and his history and the conversations I have had with the peo-ple who have known him for a lifetime. I am very, very impressed with Neil Gorsuch. I might have disagreed with him already on a case a week ago, but I am very impressed with him, with his juris prudence, and with the principles that he carries within him. I would like to let the world know, Mr. Speaker, that when they inter-viewed the other candidates for Su-preme Court, which I learned from White House counsel, they interviewed all 21 on The Federalist Society’s list. And of those 21, they asked them all the same question, a whole series of questions, but they all got one same question, at least, and that was: If it is not to be you who would be nominated for the Supreme Court, who should it be? And of the other 20 who were inter-viewed, every one answered Neil Gorsuch. What a powerful endorsement of a man’s juris prudence, of a man’s character, of a man’s support among his peers. I say, Mr. Speaker, that I could eas-ily find 20 Members among this Con-gress who would say those same things about me, but I would have to hand-pick them. Neil Gorsuch didn’t hand-pick those 20. They were listed by The Federalist Society and supported by The Heritage Foundation. His peers, universally, said Neil Gorsuch is the best pick. ‘‘If you can’t pick me, Neil Gorsuch is the best pick,’’ was their answer. I would like to know what Neil Gorsuch said when he was asked that question. We may never know that, or perhaps that will be the next appoint-ment to the Supreme Court. But the rumors about Justice Ken-nedy retiring, not substantiated. They have been coming back a little more all along. We don’t know what he might do, but we do know that time moves on. Turnovers do happen in the Supreme Court. They are eventually inevitable. When that happens, we need to be ready. It won’t do for us to sit on our hands in the House of Representatives, for the Senators to sit on their hands and to wait for a configuration of the Court to come around in such a way that we have great confidence that they will find in favor of life, no. Instead, we need to do our job; and our job is to move the Heartbeat bill, H.R. 490, off the floor of the House of Representa-tives and send it over to the Senate. It will take some serious work to get that done over there at the Senate, Mr. Speaker, and I think we can get there. But if we are knocking on the door in the Senate, then the Senators who are running for office, and especially a good number of them who are, some say, vulnerable in conservative States, States that Donald Trump won—they have been getting a little more con-servative the closer they get to their reelection, and we have got a shot. We have got a shot to put together, maybe after this next election, the 60 votes necessary; and we have got a shot, also, at the Senate changing the rules so they are no longer handcuffed by the filibuster rule and the require-ment of 60 votes for cloture in the Sen-ate. We can’t control that, the other side of us. We can influence it perhaps, but we can’t control it. We can control what we do here. That means we have to bring Heartbeat to the floor of the House of Representa-tives, and we need to get the votes on it to do it. We need to send it over to the Senate. And a way to do that now is for National Right to Life to pick up the phone, call the Speaker, and say: Mr. Speaker, take this cup from me; I don’t want this responsibility. The guilt will be too heavy if there is an ap-pointment to the Supreme Court and the Heartbeat bill hasn’t gotten there because we wouldn’t let it come to the floor of the House of Representatives. That is the guilt they have to carry. By the way, this configuration hasn’t existed in 45 years, where we had the windows open of a pro-life majority in the House and in the Senate and a President who will sign it and a Su-preme Court that we have confidence will find in favor of life. It hasn’t ex-isted in 45 years. So, if we wait for a Court to get lined up in a way that pleases us, we might well wind up with no way to open up one of the other three windows necessary to get it to the Court. So why wouldn’t we move the ball down the road as far as we can get it, get this thing out of the House of Rep-resentatives. Sit it on the desk of M
ITCH MCCONNELL . If M ITCH can’t get that up this year before the elections in November, or even before the transi-tion takes place in lame duck session, fine. We will start again next January. We will bring Heartbeat here again. We will send it to the Senate again, and the new Senators can deal with it. And maybe they change the rule at that point so that a simple vote—even a 50–50 tie with MIKEPENCE there re-solves this thing, sends it to Donald Trump. Donald Trump signs it with M
IKEPENCE standing by his side. We send it to a Court that, by then, per-haps, has a new Supreme Court Justice there who would support our Constitu-tion, the rule of law, we the people, the will of the people, and defend the obli-gation which we have, which is an obli-gation to defend life first, liberty sec-ond, pursuit of happiness third, or, ac-cording to the 14th Amendment, prop-erty third—those priorities. It is our obligation by Declaration of Independence, it is our obligation by Constitution, it is our obligation by the 14th Amendment, it is our obliga-tion by every measure of humanity that I know of to protect life. I’ll get to this closer, here, before I yield to Mr. C
ARTER . I was listening to Father Jonathan Morris of New York on FOX News one morning. He was talking about how, when he is celebrating mass in his home church, when the mothers who bring their babies in, when the babies start to cry, they get up and carry the babies out of the church. And he said: I don’t know why they would carry those babies out of the church. They think those crying babies annoy me for some reason. But we should always re-member, those babies, those gurgling babies, those crying babies, are the only innocent voices in the entire church. And these babies are the most inno-cent among us, except the unborn ba-bies don’t have a voice. They can’t cry out to us from anywhere except from Heaven. And they do cry out to us from Heaven, and we do have an obligation to hear them and to ask for forgiveness for what we have done. Mr. Speaker, I would like to conclude my part of this, at least for the mo-ment, and am happy to yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). And I would note that the clock runs out at about 1:32, for the gentleman’s information. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Mr. B
UDDY  C
ARTER . 
HONORING PATRICIA ‘‘TRISH ’’ DEPRIEST  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Patricia ‘‘Trish’’ DePriest, who will be retiring this week as a case-work manager after 34 years of work-ing for the First Congressional District of Georgia. Ms. DePriest has been referred to as the dame of Savannah’s political scene but is, frankly, so much more than that. She has worked for three con-secutive Members of Congress from Georgia’s First Congressional District. She started working in 1983 for Con-gressman Lindsey Thomas. After that, she worked for Congressman Jack Kingston. Now she works for me. One of the first questions that I got when I was elected to this office came from a lot of constituents who said, ‘‘Are you going to keep Trish?’’ And I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.056 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3738 April 27, 2018 
would just think to myself, ‘‘A better question is: Is Trish going to keep me?’’ Well, fortunately, she did, and I am glad she did. Throughout the First Congressional District of Georgia, if you say Trish’s name, nearly everyone you speak to will have either a story about how she helped them or at least know someone whom she had helped. She has pushed passport applications. She is a passport expert. No one knows the passport system better than Trish DePriest, I assure you. She has passed through passport applications with lightning speed. She has pulled veterans benefits out of the most unlikely situations and cleared up entanglements in Social Se-curity checks in order to get constitu-ents back on their feet, and oftentimes at a low point in their lives. Constituents who come to Ms. DePriest often have nowhere else to turn, yet she is the secret weapon that always seems to come through in the most desperate situations. One of her most famous cases in-cludes helping a man who, quite lit-erally, woke up next to a dumpster in Richmond Hill, Georgia, with no mem-ory at all of any friends, of any family, or of his past life. Trish was tasked with helping build it back again from ground zero. To give you a sense of her blunt personality, she told the Savan-nah Morning News: ‘‘It’s like he ap-peared here from another planet.’’ After 34 years of working for Con-gress, she has developed personal rela-tionships with all the relevant staff members at each government agency, allowing her to perform her mighty tasks for constituents that other case-workers may take years to develop. She has learned throughout her years to always ask constituents for the other side of the story, which she has become famous for drawing out, while using this to her advantage in per-forming casework. A countless number of constituents whom she has helped out over the years come in and out of the Savannah office each day just to chat with Trish, update her on their lives, and become her friend. Her bluntness and wit, her intel-ligence and sense of caring not only keep constituents coming back for her friendship, but keep her own work col-leagues with a high level of morale. But Ms. DePriest, Trish, is more than just an excellent caseworker and staple of government in the First Congres-sional District of Georgia. Trish was a loving spouse of 50 years to her hus-band, Joseph Roy DePriest, Jr., who passed away in 2012. She is a caring mother to Lisanne and Jamey. She is also a breast cancer survivor, a testament to her strong will. In fit-ting fashion, when Trish was told of her diagnosis of breast cancer, she says she was more mad than scared and de-cided to jump in feet first and attack the problem—and that she did. There will never be another Trish DePriest for the First Congressional District of Georgia, but I know she will be around, helping other people wher-ever she can, and I hope everyone learns from her abundance of knowl-edge and her outlook on life. Trish, we are going to miss you in the office. We are going to miss you a lot. We want you to have a happy and a well-deserved retirement. Thank you for your service to the people of the First Congressional District of Geor-gia. God bless you, Trish. 
f 
b1330 ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ASO). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair rec-ognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is al-ways an honor to speak here, and espe-cially to follow friends—very dear friends—hear S
TEVE KINGtalk about the importance of life. I know there is historical accounts in the Old Testament when it talked about different kings and what went on while they were there. It normally says something like: ‘‘and he did evil in the eyes of the Lord,’’ or ‘‘he did right in the eyes of the Lord.’’ And every now and then, there is an addition to emphasize just how evil the people were. A society was under a par-ticular king in Israel, and that addi-tion was whenever—now and then, it would mention that mothers and fa-thers were sacrificing their babies on the altar of some idol. And only if you believe the Old Tes-tament, like the majority of Ameri-cans have for all our history, that ought to be quite an awakening when you realize that we have killed over 60 million babies. I have talked to so many women who are brokenhearted, and they have got to learn to give it up and move on, but it eats away at them, the thought that they allowed a precious life to be taken that nature had entrusted them with. So, anyway, I just hate to see any women eaten up with guilt. And it is not because there is a pro- life movement. It was there long before a pro-life movement. I hope that we can get the Heartbeat bill that my friend S
TEVE KINGwas advocating, I hope we could get that passed and get it to the Supreme Court. Some of the rulings over the years have had to do with the ambiguity, the vagaries in at what point an abortion was no longer allowed. But any of us, if you see someone hurt and you want to find out if they are alive, you run up and you check. And if you find a heart-beat, then you call an ambulance—you call 911 and ask for an ambulance. If there is no heartbeat, then you report a dead body, and there is no lifesaving effort at all made if there is no heart-beat. So I thought it was brilliant to have an approach like that. There are still some vagaries as to when a child first starts feeling pain in the womb, but there is no question, if you have on vid-eotape evidence of the heartbeat, you see it, you hear it, then that is not so obscure that even some of the dense heads at the Supreme Court would be able to realize, yup, that is proof posi-tive, that is hard, objective proof that there is a life and being worth pro-tecting. So I really applaud and join in with my friend STEVE KING’s efforts, and we hope that even the last holdout pro-life groups, the National Right to Life, would get onboard. Most of us here that are pro-life, if we hear that there is any bill that will save innocent lives, we get onboard; count me in; I want to be part of it; I want to support it. So it is really intriguing when we have a bill that will save lives, even more than bills that that person or that group is already sponsoring. And if anybody holds back, I don’t know—there is not a good reason for holding back, and hopefully, it is not just for selfish reasons. Because the real pro-life folks, we support any-body’s bill. We don’t care. If one of my Democrat friends bring it, it doesn’t matter. If it is a good bill, we want to be there for it. I have just finished filing, just mo-ments ago, a new bill, and it has come over a long period of time—agonizing. Especially having been a felony judge, handled major civil litigation as well, and then having been briefly a chief justice of a court of appeals, when I see judges that are so immoral and out-rageously unconstitutional that they become monarchs in their own little kingdoms, and they refuse to follow the Constitution like I did—I wanted to legislate. I disagreed with laws that ex-isted, and especially some Federal laws that existed, so when my term was up, I didn’t—the Governor offered to ap-point me to another appeals position, and I said: ‘‘No, I want to legislate.’’ And to legislate, I have to run for of-fice to do that as a legislator. So I ran for Congress, and it was—it required fi-nancial sacrifice of basically every-thing my wife and I had, except our home and our cars, but, hopefully, be-fore long, we will finish paying off our kids’ college loans. They shouldn’t have to pay them because, before I went on the bench, we had money set aside to deal with that. But in the major financial adjust-ment from what I was making to what I made on the bench as a judge, that was part of the sacrifice, and I didn’t want my kids to have to suffer—my wife and I didn’t—because I chose to be a public servant. But coming to legislature, here is the way you legislate. And we have too many judges that have not only been legislating, but on the issues of immi-gration, asylum, naturalization, DACA, we have had judges become all three branches. To me, that means they need to be removed from office—just re-moved. They need to be impeached and removed from the bench. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.057 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3739 April 27, 2018 
Doing that much damage to our con-stitutional system of restraint, of checks and balances, they have blown away all the checks and balances, and the only check on them, they think, ought to be in a higher court. Unfortunately, we have people on the Supreme Court that are violating the Constitution, violating their oath, which, of course, would be a basis for removal. But they have become legisla-tors, and anyone who can read, can read the Constitution and see where the power is on naturalization, immi-gration: it is in the Congress. And there are certain executive pow-ers that are newer to the executive branch, to the President—through the President to the immigration authori-ties, and we have judges that have usurped executive power, congressional power. And Congress has given certain authority to the President that we have the power to do. And then to have judges come in and make national security decisions when they have a fraction, a tiny, tiny frac-tion of the information needed to make adequate national security decisions, that is why the Constitution did not put national security decisions in the hands of the courts. So under our immigration laws that Congress had full authority to pass and did, immigration courts were set up. Now, I had quite significant concerns when I realized that Eric Holder, as At-torney General, then Loretta Lynch, they appointed all of the immigration judges without any other confirmation requirement. They just could pick them, and they served. That was a bit alarming. And in previous legislation, I had as-surances that my concerns would be fixed and we would come up with a way to confirm immigration judges. We still don’t have a consensus on that. But nonetheless, in view of some of the decisions in recent days where a dis-trict judge in a small district in the United States, one little district in one State decides a national security issue for the whole country, it is outrageous. Putting this Nation at risk because of their constitutional violations, which means their violations of their oath—and I agree with my friends here in Congress that say it is time to start bringing those people—I believe my friend, J
EFF DUNCAN , was mentioning it earlier today. It is time to bring judges like that before our Judiciary Committee and vote to impeach them for violating their oath, violating the Constitution. Violating an oath is, I think, quite a significant charge in and of itself. It is a crime. But we have got to do something to rein in the runaway judiciary. You know, the Founders, numerous of them had commented the judiciary will be the least threat to our checks and balances because they will have the least power. But somehow, all these years later, since 1789, when the Constitution was ratified, the judicial part of our government has become really the biggest threat to checks and balances, to the constitutional re-straints on power, which means they are a threat to our ongoing representa-tive form of government. So we obviously have to have quick decisions, quicker than have been made, regarding immigration status. And of course, the judges that Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch appointed had no problem at all saying: Okay. Here is your notice. We are not going to restrain you. You can go wherever you want, but come back in 4 years for a hearing. And, of course, most of them never came back. And many of them, turns out, they have gotten taxpayer IDs so they can file tax returns, not for the purpose of paying more tax, but so that they can get back more tax than they paid in by claiming a bunch of chil-dren. There have been TV stations and oth-ers that have looked into specific claims and found there is some places where there would be one house, dozens of kids would be allegedly in that house being claimed as dependents, and different families claiming dependents, but there is no telling how much. I am sure it is billions of dollars that have been paid out to people illegally in the country for claiming that they have children. Some have been found. Okay, they had children, but they were in Mexico or Central America, and yet we are paying them for being here as il-legal aliens, and not just through earned income tax credit—or the child tax credit, rather, but also for all kinds of benefits that they sign up for and get—food stamps, right on along the line. But in order to stop one little dis-trict judge in one remote part of the country from deciding national secu-rity issues that put American citizens at risk, it is time to do what constitu-tional law professors have talked about for years—maybe not in some Ivy League schools where they don’t really teach the Constitution. They teach how to avoid the Constitution. But as my constitutional law pro-fessor, David Guinn, used to say at Baylor Law School, there is only one Federal court, tribunal of any kind that owes its existence to the Constitu-tion, that is the Supreme Court. Every other Federal court owes its existence and its jurisdiction to the United States Congress. Now, that is the Con-stitution. So, as some have said, Congress has the power to bring courts into the world, and we have the power to take them out. We have the power to say: This is your jurisdiction, and no more, or you will take on this area. b1345 So we created immigration courts. We do need them, and we have to have them make decisions much more quickly. That is one of the things I am so grateful to Jeff Sessions for. He is appointing great immigration judges. They are making decisions as quickly as possible, so they don’t leave people in limbo for years, like was done in the past 8, or prior to the Trump adminis-tration. So he is making progress there. But since Congress clearly has the power to set the jurisdiction for every Federal court tribunal of any kind, then it is time to do what my new bill—and I just got the number, and I appreciate the clerk’s quick and effi-cient efforts—but this now will be H.R. 5648. It says: To amend title 28 of the U.S. Code, to pro-vide for Supreme Court original jurisdiction over certain immigration actions, and for other purposes. 
Here is what it says on page 2: 
The Supreme Court and any immigration court established under the immigration laws, as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, are the only courts that shall have jurisdiction in which a claimant shall have standing to raise issues of immigration, naturalization, refugee status, asylum, and any other re-lated matter or case involving a claimed right to enter or remain in the United States, or any case or controversy of any provision of the immigration laws, or any order issued or rule made pursuant thereto. 
In other words, we need to end these runaway rapscallion judges who got through a confirmation by hook or crook and showed their real colors when they got out on the bench that they want to be little monarchs. It is time to rein in their jurisdiction so they can do no further damage to this Nation to our national security, which was never placed in the hands of the ju-diciary, it was always to be in the hands of the President and the Con-gress. I hope we can get plenty of cospon-sors and bring that to the floor. I real-ly believe that, in this election year, if we can get that to the floor and pass it here in the House, then, in this elec-tion year, there could be so much pres-sure brought to bear on Senators down the hall. We ought to be able to get it passed. It may be a long shot, but it was a long shot that the little 13 colonies could take on the most powerful country in the world, the most powerful Navy, the most powerful Army in the world, and win their independence, but they did. That is the hope that springs internal in the human breast. We have to start somewhere, and that is a start. Now, it took me weeks to get it done, but I have written an article recently. Giving attribution, there are many other articles and sources I used in ac-cumulating these 48 pages. But after standing up a number of times in our conference and pointing out to the Re-publicans in conference that any Re-publican who says they know Robert Mueller will be fair or come to a fair decision or a fair conclusion or be just, they don’t know the Robert Mueller I know. Here is where you get into a lot of different opinions, but that is where it is helpful to look at things that he has done in his life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.058 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3740 April 27, 2018 
I had hoped that, because he seemed clearly to be a person who should never have accepted the job of special coun-sel, that he was recusable. He was not qualified to be the special counsel on anything involving Russia, and cer-tainly not the Trump campaign and Russia. Yet Rod Rosenstein, as the dep-uty AG, who had been involved in the Russia illegal attempts to gain control of U.S. uranium—and they knew that Russia was committing crimes to try to get our uranium—and Mueller was the head of the FBI, and he was the lead law enforcement person over-seeing the operation, there was an in-formant within the system that was providing information to the Justice Department to Rosenstein and Mueller. Yet they put the kibosh on the inves-tigation and the crimes that were being committed to get U.S. uranium. If they had not, then the sale of U.S. uranium that would end up in the hands of Russia would never have been allowed to go through. CFIUS that approves sales that are sensitive to our security, they surely could never have approved the sale if Rosenstein and Mueller had just been honest and open that there is an inves-tigation to Russia’s illegal attempts to get our uranium. But, if they had spo-ken up about that, I don’t think there is any question that the Clinton Foun-dation would never have gotten $145 million in contributions from people involved with the uranium sale. And it is quite likely that Bill Clinton would not have gotten $500,000 to speak for 20 minutes from Russia. But I have written an article, 48 pages, entitled: ‘‘Robert Mueller: Un-masked.’’ You can go to my website. You can go to Sean Hannity’s website, or others. I wouldn’t do it on Google because of their dishonesty when it comes to conservatives. But DuckDuckGo. Bing is not as bad as Google. But look up ‘‘Robert Mueller: Unmasked’’ and download this article, read it, and arrive at your own opinion. This week, I found an article I had not seen before, by Eren Moreno, back in January of this year, entitled ‘‘Mueller, Rosenstein, and McCabe Ex-posed Covering Hillary’s Uranium One Scandal.’’ At the end of the article, they reference a succinct recitation of things that have occurred. We don’t know who this person is. He has used an anonymous name. But here is the thread. He says: ‘‘As we now know, the DOJ have indicted a Mark Lambert on 11 counts related to his role in a brib-ery, money laundering, and kickback scheme.’’ Involving the sale of our uranium that would end up in Russian hands. So they finally indicted somebody over this. There have been others who have been quietly handled, and they are referenced here. And they reference an article here from the New York Post. It says: ‘‘Exec charged with bribing Russian official in uranium deal. There’s an indictment in the FBI probe of the Uranium One scandal, in which the Obama adminis-tration cleared a business deal that gave a Russian company control of 20 percent of the U.S. uranium.’’ ‘‘Background and reminder: from at least 2008, Robert Mueller’s FBI were investigating Tenam, the U.S.-based subsidiary of Tenex, a subsidiary of Rosatom, the Kremlin’s (Putin’s) en-ergy company. The same Rosatom that purchased Uranium One.’’ ‘‘Tenam was importing Russian ura-nium into the U.S. Between 2004–2014, the local manager, Mikerin, engaged with U.S. companies Transport Logis-tics (TL) and NexGen Security in a racketeering, wire fraud, bribery, and money laundering scheme.’’ ‘‘When a TL insider, William Camp-bell, blew the whistle on what he was seeing, Mueller’s FBI started an inves-tigation that led to at least four indict-ments by Holder’s DOJ.’’ ‘‘Remember—the Tenam investiga-tion is related to the Uranium One (U1) sale. That’s because the Tenam inves-tigation was hidden from Congress and CFIUS’’—the group that analyzes and approves or disapproves foreign invest-ments in the U.S.—‘‘who approved the U1 sale in October 2010. If either had known about it, it’s highly unlikely the U1 sale would have been approved.’’ ‘‘And the more you analyze the Tenam investigation, the more it ap-pears that the Obama administration and/or Clintons deliberately wanted it hidden. Consider.’’ ‘‘William Campbell—the whistle-blower. . . . ‘’ He is the one who was providing in-formation to Mueller’s FBI about the illegal acts of Russia. Now, there are times that the witness wants witness protection, wants to be anonymous, and doesn’t want anybody to know who he was, or who she was, and so for those reasons of the inform-ant’s safety it is not given. But that was not the case. Mueller at the FBI, the DOJ took a very unusual step. Instead of pre-venting others from knowing who this person was, they went after William Campbell and made him sign—under threat that they would come after and prosecute him—made him sign a non-disclosure agreement. Incredible. They didn’t want—Rosenstein, who is the U.S. attorney over the investiga-tion—they didn’t want Campbell out telling about all of the crimes com-mitted in Russia’s acquisition of U.S. uranium. They have their own inform-ant sign a nondisclosure agreement under threat so he wouldn’t let any-body know about all the criminality surrounding Russia’s efforts to get our uranium. That doesn’t make sense, un-less you know how much money came into the Clinton Foundation after the deal was approved. This goes on. It says: ‘‘Now consider this—none of the four indictments ever saw the light of day.’’ Actually, that is not quite accurate. They just handled it very quietly. It says: ‘‘Every one was either quietly settled under plea agreements, or dropped entirely, as follows.’’ ‘‘Mikerin, the Tenam manager, was sentenced to 48 months under a plea deal, for crimes that had 20-plus year sentences.’’ That was in: ‘‘United States of Amer-ica v. Vadim Mikerin—Original Indict-ment 11/12/14. Conspiracy to Interfere with Interstate Commerce by Extor-tion . . . Forfeiture.’’ Darren Condrey had a plea agreement regarding his violations of antibribery and conspiracy laws. Carol Condrey had a plea agreement, and her case was dropped. Rubizhevsky from NexGen had the case settled with a plea agreement. That is astonishing given the charges. This stinks to high heaven. Mueller needs to go ahead and recuse himself and step down, and Rosenstein should do the same thing. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of medical reasons. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 59 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, May 1, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. 4703. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, a let-ter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-317, ‘‘Office of Administrative Hearings Jurisdiction Expansion Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814), was taken from the Speak-er’s table, referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3997. A bill to waive the application fee for any special use permit for veterans demonstrations and special events at war memorials on Federal land, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–658). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 2152. A bill to require States and units of local government receiving funds under grant programs operated by the De-partment of Justice, which use such funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27AP7.060 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3741 April 27, 2018 
for pretrial services programs, to submit to the Attorney General a report relating to such program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–659). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. HANDEL (for herself, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. M
ARINO ): H.R. 5645. A bill to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attor-ney General exercises such authority; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CURTIS (for himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , and Mrs. L OVE): H.R. 5646. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to submit to Congress a report on opioids prescribing practices for pregnant women; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. H
ARRIS , and Mr. R OSS): H.R. 5647. A bill to include Hungary in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eli-gible for admission into the United States as E1 and E2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Gov-ernment of Hungary; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 5648. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide for Supreme Court original jurisdiction over certain immigra-tion actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. R UTHERFORD , and Mr. W
ENSTRUP ): H.R. 5649. A bill to amend titles 10 and 38, United States Code, to amend the Social Se-curity Act, and to direct the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Defense, Labor, and Home-land Security, and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, to take cer-tain actions to improve transition assistance to members of the Armed Forces who sepa-rate, retire, or are discharged from the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, and Ways and Means, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 5650. A bill to direct the Attorney General to make grants to States that have in place laws that expand the protections of-fered to victims of sex offenses who are not in a familiar or dating relationship with the perpetrators of such offenses; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico (for herself, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. K ING of New York, and Mr. B
RADY of Penn-sylvania): H.R. 5651. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt from the foreign insurer excise tax certain insurance policies issued by United States territory and posses-sion insurers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RASKIN (for himself, Ms. NOR-
TON, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. C OO-
PER): H.R. 5652. A bill to prohibit the transfer of a firearm to a person whose State license to purchase, own, or possess a firearm has been revoked, or a person who has been ordered by a State court to surrender all firearms; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. A
BRA-
HAM, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B LUM, Mr. B UDD, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. B UCK, Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. B
ARLETTA , and Mr. B RAT): H.R. 5653. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that any alien who has been convicted of a felony or two misdemeanors, is deportable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas (for him-self and Mr. P
OLIQUIN ): H.R. 5654. A bill to amend the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 to include the rural development voucher program as a cov-ered housing program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 5655. A bill to establish the Camp Nel-son Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5656. A bill to clarify the meaning of the term ‘prevailing party’ with regard to the recovery of attorneys’ fees; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 5657. A bill to establish the registra-tion of violent gun offenders, provide for suf-ficient notification of their whereabouts, to honor the memory of Gladys Ricart and other gun crime victims, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GROTHMAN (for himself, Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. E STES of Kansas, and Mr. K
INGof Iowa): H.R. 5658. A bill to amend the Rehabilita-tion Act of 1973 to clarify the definition of competitive integrated employment; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself and Mr. H
UIZENGA ): H.R. 5659. A bill to amend the Bank Hold-ing Company Act of 1956 to provide relief from the Volcker Rule for community banks; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 5660. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide coverage under such Act for credit cards issued to small busi-nesses, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself and Mr. M
ULLIN ): H.R. 5661. A bill to improve access by In-dian tribes to support from the Schools and Libraries Universal Service Support program (E-rate) of the Federal Communications Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself and Mr. PETERSON ): H.R. 5662. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to equalize the charitable mileage rate with the business travel rate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 5663. A bill to cut federal funding of Sanctuary Cities and use those funds for building a wall on the border with Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, Financial Services, and Homeland Se-curity, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself and Mr. K
INGof New York): H.R. 5664. A bill to require a report on the possible exploitation of virtual currencies by terrorist actors, to authorize a competition program to identify regulatory solutions and develop technology with respect to counter terror threat financing, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on In-telligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 5665. A bill to amend the Labor-man-agement Reporting and Disclosure Act of 1959 to clarify the term labor organization; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ROSS (for himself and Mr. H
ECK): H.R. 5666. A bill to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to include the State in-surance commissioner as a voting member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. C
OURTNEY ): H.R. 5667. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to reauthorize the Acer Access and Development Program; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Mr. H
OYER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. H
ECK, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. C OLE, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. J ACK-
SON LEE, Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. M
EEKS ): H. Res. 855. A resolution recognizing the Nordic Heritage Museum in Seattle, Wash-ington, as the National Nordic Museum; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CROWLEY: H. Res. 856. A resolution raising a question of the privileges of the House. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. L AR-
SEN of Washington, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. L
OWEY , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. S
ABLAN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.026 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3742 April 27, 2018 
TAKANO , Mr. T IPTON , Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. V
ELA): H. Res. 857. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of April 29, 2018, through May 5, 2018, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’ to honor the vital role of small business and the passion of entre-preneurs in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. H URD, Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. C UELLAR ): H. Res. 858. A resolution recognizing the 300th anniversary of the founding of the city of San Antonio, Texas; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C ARSON of In-diana, Mr. M
OULTON , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. L EE, Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. P
ALLONE , and Ms. P INGREE ): H. Res. 859. A resolution recognizing the contributions of senior volunteers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. P ALLONE , Miss R ICE of New York, Ms. D
EGETTE , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. P
ANETTA , Ms. L EE, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. C
ORREA ): H. Res. 860. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of GLSEN’s 2018 national ‘‘Day of Silence’’ in bringing attention to anti-lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) name-calling, bullying, and harassment faced by individuals in schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself and Mr. Y
OHO): H. Res. 861. A resolution supporting the President’s diplomatic efforts on the Korean Peninsula; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. B UCK): H. Res. 862. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to pro-hibit the consideration of legislation in the House unless the text of the legislation which will be considered has been made pub-licly available in electronic form for a man-datory minimum review period; to the Com-mittee on Rules. By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. E VANS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. L EE, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. D
INGELL , and Mr. K IND): H. Res. 863. A resolution honoring Velvalea ‘‘Vel’’ Phillips for a life of public service; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia (for himself, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. G AR-
RETT , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. M ENG, Mr. A LLEN , Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. M AR-
SHALL , and Mrs. H ANDEL ): H. Res. 864. A resolution recognizing the seriousness of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) and expressing support for the des-ignation of the month of September 2018 as ‘‘PCOS Awareness Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. M
CNERNEY , and Mr. S MITH of Washington): H. Res. 865. A resolution honoring Tracy K. Smith for her selection by the Librarian of Congress as the 22d Poet Laureate of the United States and recognizing her great ac-complishments; to the Committee on House Administration. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
188. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Arizona, relative to House Concurrent Me-morial 2004, urging the United States Con-gress and the Arizona Medical Community to Take Action Against State-Sanctioned Organ Transplant Practices in China; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and the Judiciary. 189. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Concur-rent Memorial 1007, urging the United States Congress to Reauthorize Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act Funding; jointly to the Committees on Agriculture and Natural Resources. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois intro-duced a bill (H.R. 5668) for the relief of Mykhaylo Gnatyuk and Melnik Gnatyuk; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mrs. HANDEL: H.R. 5645. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CURTIS: H.R. 5646. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress Under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 5647. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 to establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization. By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 5648. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 By Mr. ARRINGTON: H.R. 5649. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 5650. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 5651. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the U.S. Constitution, which provide as fol-lows: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; [. . .] To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; [. . .]—And To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. Moreover, the Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article IV, Section 3, which provides, in relevant part, as follows: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. RASKIN: H.R. 5652. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, the Nec-essary and Proper Clause By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 5653. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 4, (the Natu-ralization Clause) which gives Congress sov-ereign control over immigration. In Chirac v. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27AP7.100 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3743 April 27, 2018 
Lessee of Chirac (1817), the Supreme Court affirmed that the Constitution grants Con-gress Plenary power on immigration policy. Further, in Galvan v. Press (1954) the court found ‘‘that the formulation of policies [per-taining to the entry of aliens and the right to remain here] is entrusted to Congress has become about as firmly imbedded in the leg-islative and judicial tissues of our body poli-tic as any aspect of our government.’’ Fi-nally, in Sessions v. Dimaya (2018), when dis-cussing the aggravated felony definition in section 101(a)(43)(F) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), Justice Neil Gorsuch issued an opinion stating, ‘‘Congress remains free at any time to add more crimes to its list. It remains free, as well, to write a new residual clause that affords the fair notice lacking here. Congress might, for example, say that a conviction for any felony carrying a prison sentence of a specified length opens an alien to removal. Congress has done al-most exactly this in other laws . . . ’’ By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas: H.R. 5654. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 and Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BARR: H.R. 5655. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5656. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 5657. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5658. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States of America. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 5659. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 5660. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 United States Congress shall have the power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5661. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 5662. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 5663. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the US Constitution By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 5664. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 5665. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 5666. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3—The Con-gress shall have the Power to regulate Com-merce with Foreign Nations, and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 5667. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 5668 Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under section 245 of the Immigration and Nationality Act f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 173: Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. R USSELL . H.R. 547: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 559: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 685: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 792: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 811: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 846: Mr. S
UOZZI and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 930: Mr. D
ENTand Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 959: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 1123: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1212: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. S
UOZZI , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. B ERGMAN , and Mr. M
AST. H.R. 1421: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 1444: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 1552: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 1606: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 1676: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 1841: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1864: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1881: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 1910: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1972: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2077: Mr. T
URNER and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 2215: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2267: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 2310: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 2319: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2482: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 2528: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2561: Mr. B
UDDand Mr. C OLE. H.R. 2640: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2832: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 2860: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 2871: Mr. P
ALMER . H.R. 3006: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 3023: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 3174: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 3197: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 3246: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 3252: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 3440: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3495: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 3596: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 3671: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 3721: Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 3738: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3792: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3861: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 3931: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 3941: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 4022: Mr. H
IMES and Ms. C LARK of Mas- sachusetts. H.R. 4083: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 4231: Mr. P
ALMER . H.R. 4240: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 4265: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 4311: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 4334: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 4349: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4350: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4351: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4352: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4353: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4354: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4355: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4356: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4357: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4358: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4548: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4596: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4733: Mr. L
AMB, Mr. B UCK, Mr. A
RRINGTON , and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 4796: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 4843: Mr. S
UOZZI and Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER. H.R. 4984: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5038: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 5041: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5042: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5049: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 5108: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 5113: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5137: Mr. L
AMBand Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5173: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 5190: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5193: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5212: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5226: Mr. E
LLISON and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 5256: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 5306: Ms. S
PEIER and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 5350: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 5383: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 5464: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 5476: Mr. D
ENT. H.R. 5510: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 5531: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5573: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.035 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3744 April 27, 2018 
H.R. 5574: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5593: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5604: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 5631: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5644: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H. Res. 69: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H. Res. 188: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H. Res. 758: Ms. M
OORE . H. Res. 781: Ms. L
EEand Ms. M ATSUI . H. Res. 789: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. C RIST. H. Res. 818: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H. Res. 827: Mr. P
OCAN . H. Res. 834: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H. Res. 835: Mrs. DAVIS of California, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. M AST, and Ms. P INGREE . H. Res. 837: Mr. R
ASKIN . H. Res. 849: Mr. R
ASKIN . H. Res. 850: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. L EWIS of Geor- gia, and Ms. K
APTUR . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H. Res. 774: Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Member added his name to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 8 by Mr. COHEN on H.R. 4669: Mr. Gottheimer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AP7.031 H27APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE557 April 27, 2018 
HONORING RICK ANTLE 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today alongside my colleagues, Congressman J
IM C
OSTA and Congressman J EFF DENHAM , to celebrate the life of Rick Lester Antle, a pio-neer in the Salinas Valley agriculture industry. From the age of 26, Rick was the President and CEO of Tanimura & Antle, one of the larg-est leafy greens and vegetable producers in the region. Rick always put family first, whether it was his beloved wife, grandchildren, or his own children—two of whom followed in their dad’s footsteps to work with the family-run company. The value of family was instilled in Rick, with his business growing out of a long partnership between the Tanimura and Antle families. After being placed in an internment camp dur-ing World War II and losing their farmland, the Tanimura family rebuilt their farming operation in the Salinas Valley. Rick’s grandfather, Bud Antle, was a prominent shipper and salesman at the time, and formed a natural partnership with the Tanimura family as a supplier. For years, the two families worked together to benefit each other. In 1982, the two families decided to go into business together by form-ing Tanimura & Antle, with the Tanimura fam-ily continuing to tend the land and the Antle family handling the shipping and selling of produce. Following the lead of his father and grand-father, Rick worked to keep family at the heart of T&A’s mission. He saw his employees at T&A as family and always worked to put them first, investing time and money into making their lives better. When Rick realized his em-ployees were having a difficult time affording housing in the Salinas Valley, he established an initiative in Spreckels, California to provide housing for 800 T&A employees. This project set the gold standard for farmworker housing and highlights the level of care Rick had for his workers. Following the establishment of the Spreckels Crossing housing project, Rick transitioned his company to offer an Employee Stock Ownership Plan, allowing T&A employ-ees to own a stake in the company. Rick rec-ognized that the success of his business was due to his dedicated employees, and believed everyone should benefit from this shared achievement. In addition to investing in his employees, Rick was on the forefront of advancing spe-cialty crop innovation. From developing ma-chines that reduce production inputs to imple-menting entire growing systems focused on conservation, Rick’s commitment to good stewardship of land, air, and water was re-flected in his practices. Under his leadership, T&A has continuously shown how and why in-vestments in agriculture technology are nec-essary. We each have benefitted from personally knowing Rick. As members of Congress, he helped us improve our understanding of the California agriculture industry and those who work in it. He always made a point to stress the value of the farming communities in our districts. After all, they were his family. Rick’s leadership in the Salinas Valley has trans-formed the region, further establishing the area as the ‘‘Salad Bowl of the World,’’ and his legacy will continue to propel this industry forward. A true giant in both personality and professional impact, Rick’s presence in our community will be profoundly missed. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHRISTOPHER G. DAWES ON HIS RETIREMENT AS PRESIDENT AND CEO OF LUCILE PACKARD CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my deepest gratitude to Christopher Dawes for his extraordinary leadership as President and Chief Executive Officer of Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital at Stanford and to congratulate him on his well-earned retire-ment. Christopher Dawes earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Public Administration from San Diego State University and an MBA from the McLaren School of Business at the University of San Francisco. While his first job was deliv-ering newspapers at the age of 12, Chris has had a long and distinguished career in hospital management and held senior management positions at Santa Clara Valley Medical Cen-ter, Pacific Presbyterian Medical Center and Stanford Hospital. He joined the Packard team in 1991 and was named its President and CEO in 1999. Chris Dawes is a nationally recognized lead-er having served as Board Chair of the Chil-dren’s Health Corporation of America (CHCA), a national purchasing organization for medical supplies for children’s hospitals. He was Chair of the Board of the National Association of Children’s Hospitals and Related Institutions (NACHRI), a public policy organization, and he was deeply involved in the development of na-tional policies for America’s children as Chair of NACHRI during the development of the Af-fordable Care Act. It was his vision to consoli-date CHCA and NACHRI into one organiza-tion, persuading his colleagues of the benefit of consolidation, which is now the Children’s Hospital Association based in Washington, D.C. During Chris’s tenure Packard has been consistently ranked as one of the nation’s best Children’s Hospitals by U.S. News and World Report. Under his leadership, excellent nation-ally ranked clinical services were created and investments were made in the Children’s Health Research Initiative. A network known as the Packard Children’s Health Alliance was built to provide 60 Bay Area locations with ac-cess to the care the Hospital provides, and a new, $1.2 billion, 521,000 square foot main building, a multi-year undertaking, was com-pleted. Chris was an engaged executive who led the Hospital through a transition to the lean management approach known as the Toyota Production System, and he imparted his values of serving all who need care, re-gardless of ability to pay, to everyone who served with him. Mr. Speaker, I am exceedingly proud to have worked closely with Chris Dawes from my first day in Congress to his retirement, spanning over 25 years. He has led with dis-tinction, purpose and integrity, and trans-formed Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital into the gold standard of care for children in our country. For all this and more, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in hon-oring this good and great man, and wishing him and his wife Beth every blessing in his re-tirement. We are a better, stronger country be-cause of Chris Dawes’s unparalleled leader-ship. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LIEUTENANT COLONEL CHARLES DEL ‘‘SHAWN’’ JENNINGS UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE MARINE CORPS 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Lieutenant Colonel Charles Del ‘‘Shawn’’ Jennings for twenty-two years of service with the Marine Corps. Lieutenant Colonel Jennings was born in Fort Worth, Texas and began his education in the Fort Worth Independent School District, at-tending David K. Sellars Elementary School. He later attended North Carolina Central Uni-versity, and was a teacher and coach for five years before being commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Corps in August of 1997. In July of 2005, LtCol Jennings deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, and served with distinction during his deploy-ment to the Middle East. In 2011, LtCol Jen-nings deployed with the Division in support of Operation Tomadachi to provide humanitarian, disaster and relief assistance to the people of Japan in the aftermath of the massive earth-quake and tsunami on Mainland Japan. Two years later, he returned to Quantico for duty as the Assistant Chief of Staff G–1, Marine Corps Recruiting Command. LtCol Jennings has been highly decorated throughout his military career. His awards in-clude: the Meritorious Service Medal with 2 gold stars for third award, The Navy and Ma-rine Corps Commendation Medal with 2 gold stars for third award, the Navy Marine Corps Achievement Medal, The Iraq Campaign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27AP8.001 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE558 April 27, 2018 
Medal, The Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, The Humanitarian Service Medal, and a Recruiting Ribbon. He also holds two Addi-tional Military Occupational Specialties; 4802 Recruiting Officer-Operational Expert and 4804 Recruiting Officer-Multiple Tour Expert. LtCol Jennings is happily married to the former Michelle Ingram of Wilmington, North Carolina. They have a daughter, Jasmine, who is a second year law student at UNC Chapel Hill and a son, Jordan, who is High School Junior at Massaponax High School, in Fred-ericksburg, Virginia. Please join me in thanking Lieutenant Colo-nel Charles Del ‘‘Shawn’’ Jennings for his many years of service to our nation. I wish him all the best in his new endeavors. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS, SCHOLARS AND THEIR FAMILIES 
HON. DAVID N. CICILLINE 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the contribution that international stu-dents, scholars and their families make when we welcome them to this great country. Attracting international students makes our country better and is simply smart policy. To remain a global leader in STEM and in business, we need international students. They help America lead in technological inno-vation and scientific discoveries. Not only that, nearly one-quarter of the founders of the ‘‘bil-lion dollar startups’’ first came to America as international students. Our economy is stronger because of inter-national students and their families that sup-ported 450,000 jobs and contributed nearly $37 billion to the U.S. economy during the 2016–2017 academic year. In my home state of Rhode Island, inter-national students supported almost 2,500 jobs and contributed over $235 million to the state economy in the same period. Cross-cultural exchange between inter-national students and U.S. students creates mutual respect for cultural differences. In some cases, future U.S. and foreign leaders will have studied or conducted research to-gether, creating even more direct diplomatic ties beneficial to national security. Unfortunately, fewer international students are applying to study in the U.S. The number of newly arriving international students de-clined in fall 2017—with 45 percent of cam-puses reporting drops in new international en-rollment according to the Institute of Inter-national Education. In February, for the first time in over a decade, the Council on Grad-uate Schools reported that international grad-uate student enrollment went down last fall. The current administration continues to spread anti-immigrant rhetoric and propose extremist limits on travel and immigration to our country. Many international students now see the U.S. as less welcoming to foreigners than other countries. There is also uncertainty about whether they will be granted visas to go to school and to work here. This is truly a loss for our country because we are in a global competition to attract inter-national talent. Our country’s loss will be an-other’s gain, as these students will go to school in Canada, Australia, China or another country that has more welcoming policies. The month of May is a critical time when international students must commit to their col-lege or university of choice. Therefore, I would like to recognize the vital economic, academic and cultural contributions that international stu-dents make and to say you are welcome here. f 
TRIBUTE TO MONSIGNOR JOHN MORETTA ON THE OCCASION OF HIS 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF OR-DINATION INTO THE PRIEST-HOOD AND HIS 35TH ANNIVER-SARY AS PASTOR OF RESURREC-TION CHURCH IN BOYLE HEIGHTS 
HON. JIMMY GOMEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 50 years of priesthood for Father John Moretta from Resurrection Church in Boyle Heights. Father John has worked tirelessly to em-power his community through the activism he leads from Resurrection Church. From paving the way forward on environ-mental justice issues, to keeping crime away from marginalized families through its Neigh-borhood Watch Group, and working with grassroots advocates like the Mothers of East L.A. to fight for DREAMers, Father John has served as the lynchpin of the Boyle Heights community for 50 years. As we mark his Golden Jubilee, I’d like to thank Monsignor John Moretta for his service to Boyle Heights. It is my honor to work with him to serve California’s 34th Congressional District. 
f 
RECOGNIZING REPRESENTATIVE PATTI BELLOCK 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Representative Patti Bellock of Hinsdale, Illinois. Representative Bellock has served as a member of the Illinois General As-sembly, representing the 47th district since 1998, and has been a champion for victims of domestic violence. On Saturday, April 28, Representative Bellock will be recognized by Family Shelter Services, which works to combat domestic vio-lence in DuPage County, and provides relief and support to victims from all walks of life. Representative Bellock is being recognized for her constant support of the agency’s mission, advocacy for tougher laws on domestic vio-lence and efforts to keep Family Shelter Serv-ices funded in whole. During Representative Bellock’s time in the Illinois General Assembly, she has been a strong voice for victims of domestic violence and tougher laws on domestic violence. Rep-resentative Bellock is a member of the Human Trafficking Task Force and has received na-tional attention for her leadership in passing the Grant Accountability and Transparency Act (GATA). GATA eliminates duplicative grant re-quirements and reduces administrative bur-dens for agencies, while increasing account-ability and transparency throughout the proc-ess. GATA provides relief and support to agencies like Family Shelter Services, allowing them to best serve communities in need. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing and thanking Representative Patti Bellock for her tireless work advocating for victims of do-mestic violence and tougher laws on domestic violence. f 
IN CELEBRATION OF MRS. GRACE HATCHER ADKINS’ 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my sincerest congratulations and birthday wishes to Mrs. Grace Hatcher Adkins. She will celebrate her 90th birthday on Friday, May 18, 2018 at Westwood Schools Auditorium at 225 Fuller Street in Camilla, Georgia. Mrs. Adkins was born in 1928 to Mr. Clifford Edward Hatcher and Mrs. Agnes Faircloth Hatcher. The Newton, Georgia native began teaching in 1946 at the age of 18, and used the valuable lessons instilled in her by her family to guide her students. Mrs. Adkins’ life’s work always centered on young people and helping them reach their full potential. She truly understood that ‘‘Education is the passport to the future; it belongs to those who prepare for it today.’’ Throughout her remarkable 58 year career, she made it her mission to help every child be successful. She devoted countless time and energy into helping and supporting her students, espe-cially those with learning disabilities. In 1980, she created one of the first Learning Labs in the State of Georgia at Westwood Schools in Camilla. The impact of the Learning Lab was so profound that educators from across the nation inquired about her techniques, which she acknowledged were fueled by her im-mense love for teaching and her desire to reach every student. Westwood Schools ulti-mately named the Learning Lab in her honor. The poet Maya Angelou once said that, ‘‘I’ve learned that you shouldn’t go through life with a catcher’s mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back.’’ Grace Hatcher-Adkins threw a prodigious amount of care and attention back to the students that she loved so dearly. She inspired several of her students to become lawyers, doctors, edu-cators, professionals, business owners, and leaders in their own communities. Her opti-mistic attitude, powerful presence, and per-sonal interest and care for each child, no mat-ter the learning level, made all of her students feel valued and respected. Mrs. Adkins has accomplished much in her life, but none of it would haye been possible without her unwavering faith in the Lord, the love and support of her late husband, Bill, the family she cherishes so dearly, and the en-couragement from all of those who have posi-tively impacted her life over the years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the more than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27AP8.003 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE559 April 27, 2018 
730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District, in paying tribute to one of Southwest Georgia’s finest educators, Mrs. Grace Hatcher Adkins, as she and her family prepare to celebrate her 90th birthday. 
f 
CONGRATULATING EDDIE SALAME ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE POLICE DEPARTMENT OF GRAPEVINE, TEXAS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Eddie Salame, Chief of Police of the City of Grapevine, on his upcoming re-tirement after 33 years in law enforcement. Eddie Salame began his career as an offi-cer with the Fort Worth Police Department on October 19, 1984. Over the several years he was there, Eddie worked both covert and overt assignments in Gang Intelligence, Criminal In-vestigations, and Narcotics Investigations. In July of 1991, he joined the Grapevine Police Department, continuing to take on various as-signments and increased responsibility in Criminal Investigations, SWAT, Task Force Operations, and Crime Scene. On January 4, 2005, Eddie was appointed Chief of Police. He has served in that position for over 13 years, the longest tenure of any chief in the depart-ment’s history. Under his leadership, the Grapevine Police Department adopted a community oriented po-licing philosophy aimed at reducing crime by strengthening community ties. Chief Salame was instrumental in establishing and expand-ing programs that encourage communication and cooperation between law enforcement and local residents, including the Volunteers in Police Services Program and the Grapevine Community Outreach Center. Since the initia-tives began in 2006, participation in the Volun-teers in Police Service Program has doubled and the Community Outreach Center has made available critical services such as GED classes and after-school programs for at-risk students. Chief Salame’s dedication to community service goes well beyond his professional re-sponsibilities. Outside of his duties as Chief of Police, he is an active member of the Grape-vine community, currently serving as president of the Grapevine Rotary Club and as a mem-ber of the advisory board for the School of Criminology and Criminal Justice at Tarleton State University. He previously served on the advisory boards for the University of Texas at Arlington’s Center for Criminal Justice Re-search and Training and One Safe Place, which provides coordinated services to victims of domestic violence. For over three decades, Chief Salame has served his community tirelessly, putting him-self in harm’s way to ensure the safety of countless Texas residents. We are indebted to him for his exceptional leadership and his many years of bravery and sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congressional District of Texas, I ask all my distinguished colleagues to join me in honoring the extraor-dinary service of Chief Eddie Salame and wishing him and his family the best in his re-tirement. EUROPE’S MIGRANT CRISIS HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as much as we like to pretend that the chaos of the Middle East and Africa is contained to those regions, it is not. Violent conflict, political op-pression, and economic hardship anywhere causes ripple effects across the globe. These secondary effects of distant unrest create serious challenges for ourselves and our allies. Nowhere is this more true than the ongoing migrant crisis that is fundamentally changing Europe. Our European allies are facing an unprece-dented wave of refugees and immigrants flooding across their borders. Many are inno-cent families fleeing danger, poverty, and star-vation. But there are some who have ill intent. The foreign fighter phenomenon has disguised wolves in sheep’s clothing and requires in-creased vigilance. Our European friends have for centuries faced daunting challenges coming from their near abroad. Even the Roman Empire faced a mass migration problem coming from Asia. But with more people displaced today than during the Second World War, the challenge is enormous and we must assist Europe to de-velop a strategy. The freedom and prosperity of the West has always been an oasis in a world of instability and tyranny. Europeans, just like Americans, wish they could help all those in need but un-derstand there are limits to what can be done. Slamming the door shut seems cruel but leav-ing it wide open creates a new set of prob-lems. Every society faces strain when mass mi-gration occurs. And there are real cultural, se-curity, and economic implications which must be considered and addressed. The nations of Europe, as independent sovereign states, ulti-mately will determine their own course in how to tackle this challenge. But they have a re-sponsibility as members of the European com-munity and as good neighbors, to be mindful of the vulnerabilities and issues that arise from their decisions. We have seen a recent wave of terrorism rock many of the great cities of Europe. This threat is very much linked to the wave of refu-gees and migrants coming from conflict zones in the Middle East, South Asia, and Africa. While many of the perpetrators of these at-tacks were European citizens and second or third generation immigrants, the massive flow of new migrants has created a challenge in tracking suspected extremists as they move to and from distant war zones. As many as 5,000 EU citizens have traveled to Syria or Iraq to join ISIS or other terrorist groups, and it is es-timated that 30 percent of these individuals have returned to Europe. Intelligence sharing and security cooperation among our European allies and ourselves is key to capturing returning foreign fighters and thwarting homegrown attacks. But developing ways to integrate migrant populations into their new European societies is important as well. Having entire communities that are isolated or not assimilated to their new countries sets the stage for radicalization and unrest. European nations are in their right to en-force the rule of law and control their borders. Meanwhile they should also find ways to ab-sorb and welcome migrants who have legally joined their nations. A nation is not a nation without laws, borders, and an engaged citi-zenry. Where we can, we must help our European friends to address this migrant crisis. Either through sharing of intelligence, building capac-ity, or addressing the source of the migrant crisis in the trouble regions of the world. As allies, it is our duty to support our Euro-pean friends whatever the challenge. History has shown us that our fates are inevitably linked. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING POLICE CHIEF JEFF SWOBODA 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Elgin, Illinois native Jeff Swoboda on being named Chief of Police for the De-partment of Police Services in Fort Collins, Colorado. After 25 years of service to the Elgin Police Department, Chief Swoboda is well-prepared to move into the next season of his life and lead the Fort Collins Police Serv-ices. Since joining the Elgin Police Department in 1992, Chief Swoboda worked his way up the ranks and was named Chief of Police in 2010. Early on in his career, he spent 5 years as an officer for the Resident Officer Program of Elgin. After his time in the Resident Officer Program, Chief Swoboda went on to attain the ranks of Sergeant, Lieutenant and Deputy Chief. After exceeding expectations and stand-ing out as first-class leader, Chief Swoboda was named the Elgin Police Department’s Chief of Police on April 16, 2010. Chief Swoboda’s passion for excellence and his ability to hold those in the department to the highest level of accountability has not only been noticed by the residents in Elgin, but it has also caught the attention of community leaders across the country. When the Fort Collins, Colorado Department of Police Serv-ices began their search for a new Chief of Po-lice, Chief Swoboda stood out as someone ready to take on the new responsibilities and was seemingly made for the job. On April 5, 2018, after an exhaustive hiring process, Chief Swoboda was named Chief of Police for the Department of Police Services in Fort Collins, Colorado. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in congratulating Jeff Swoboda on being named the Chief of Police for the Department of Police Services in Fort Collins, Colorado. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE RETIRE-MENT OF ROB ROSCOE FROM THE SACRAMENTO SUBURBAN WATER DISTRICT 
HON. AMI BERA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-memorate the retirement of Rob Roscoe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP8.001 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE560 April 27, 2018 
Mr. Roscoe is retiring from the Sacramento Suburban Water District (SSWD) as General Manager after 15 years of service. As General Manager of the Sacramento Suburban Water District, Mr. Roscoe remained committed to ensuring government trans-parency and providing sustainable water re-sources to much of Sacramento County. Under his leadership, SSWD’s credit ratings rose from an A- in 2003 to its current rating of AA+. In addition to being General Manager of SSWD, Mr. Roscoe has been a longtime ad-vocate of water infrastructure and held several other leadership roles with both regional and statewide organizations during his 40 years in public service. He has been the recipient of numerous awards over his notable career, such as the Regional Water Authority’s 2007 ‘‘Statesperson of the Year’’ and the 2017 ‘‘Dis-tinguished Service Award.’’ He also received Association of California Water Agencies’ 2017 Emissary Award for ‘‘re-markable and visible contributions to the en-hancement, protection or development of water resources in California.’’ In March 2018, he was awarded the American Society of Civil Engineers Region 9 Lifetime Achievement Award. Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Roscoe on 15 years of outstanding service to Sacramento County and wish him the best in his next stage of his life. 
f 
HONORING ROCKLAND BAPTIST CHURCH IN HENDERSONVILLE FOR 150 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE COMMUNITY 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the congregation of Rockland Baptist Church in the year of their 150th anniversary celebra-tion. Since its founding, Rockland has been a beacon of light in the Hendersonville commu-nity and has been a sanctuary for countless lives, touching the hearts of all who enter. Pastor Leslie Stratton has faithfully served at Rockland Baptist Church since the fall of 1997, being preceded by Reverends Shipp, A.O. Kenry, Sam Bryant, Drew Bateman, Tom Mills, Frank Harrison, Albert G. Jones, O.C. McClain, Willie L. Scott, Floyd Prude, James K.L. Alexander, John A. Perry, and Lloyd S. Peoples. Under his leadership, Rockland faith-fully executes Christ’s command in Matthew to ‘‘love your neighbor as yourself’’ through their ministries and active community involvement. Rockland’s mission statement is ‘‘. . .to pro-vide Christ centered ministries, where people can be redeemed to a personal relationship with Christ, reconciled to God and His People, restored to wholeness and well-being, and re-vived for a full life of involved service to oth-ers.’’ God is alive and working throughout our nation, and it is through the ministry of church-es like Rockland that His hand is tangibly felt in our neighborhoods. I join the entire Rock-land family and pastoral staff in celebrating this wonderful occasion. Rockland Baptist Church continues to be a pillar of hope in our community, and on behalf of the 6th district of Tennessee, I ask that you join me in congratulating and honoring this congregation for their continued faithfulness to Hendersonville. They are a shining light for the Lord and we are thankful for their gift. f 
KADE GANNON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Kade Gannon for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Kade Gannon is a student at Mandalay Mid-dle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Kade Gan-non is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Kade Gannon for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CADE DEVOS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Cade DeVos for winning the Class 3A, 145 pound bracket at the Iowa High School State Wres-tling tournament earlier this year. Iowa has a long and proud history of strong wrestling programs, producing college and Olympic champions for years. Cade is a junior at Southeast Polk High School in Pleasant Hill. His coaches are Jason Christenson and Jake Agnitsch. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent Cade and his family in the United States Con-gress and it is with great pride that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Cade on competing in this rigorous competition and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his education and wrestling career. 
f 
HONORING ESTHER MESTRE 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the upcoming 94th birthday of an honorable New Yorker, Esther Mestre. At just twenty years old, Esther moved to New York City from her native Puerto Rico. While the fast-paced city proved to be a dramatics tran-sition from her tranquil life in Puerto Rico, Es-ther never lost sight of pursing a happy and productive life on the Mainland. From her humble roots as one of eighteen children in Santurce, Puerto Rico, Esther has raised seven wonderful children of her own. As leaders in their own communities, many of her children have become successful small business owners. A beloved friend and dedicated community servant, Esther exemplifies the spirit of the greater Puerto Rican family of New York. As we approach her 94th birthday celebra-tion, I would like to send my deepest gratitude to Esther for her friendship, service and com-mitment to our community. My best wishes for a successful and joyful birthday celebration for a cherished leader and a dear friend. f 
ETHAN GARCIA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Ethan Garcia for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Ethan Garcia is a student at Mandalay Mid-dle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Ethan Gar-cia is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ethan Garcia for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
DARREN ELLISOR 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Darren Ellisor’s childhood dream was to become a pilot. Growing up in Clear Lake, Texas as the son of a NASA contractor, he attended the Wings over Houston air show each year, went on tours of NASA, and watched in fascination as the space shuttles flew into the sky, dis-appearing into the final frontier. After visiting the United States Air Force Academy as a young teenager, Ellisor’s dream suddenly seemed within grasp. He became determined to enroll at the Academy and be-come an Air Force pilot. However, as his high school graduation neared, Ellisor failed to receive his long- sought appointment to the Air Force Academy. Disappointed, he knew he could not allow this setback deter him from pursuing his dream. Instead, he refocused his efforts, attending Valley Forge Military Academy and College in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27AP8.008 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE561 April 27, 2018 
Pennsylvania for a year. After applying to his dream school a second time, he finally re-ceived his acceptance to the prestigious Air Force Service Academy. After graduating from the Academy and un-dergoing extensive pilot training, Ellisor served as an E–3 AWACS pilot until retiring from the Air Force in 2007. His service brought him to the skies of Germany, where he led multi-na-tional crews comprised of airmen from 13 NATO countries in peace keeping missions over the skies of Kosovo. He went on to pro-tect and defend American airspace after 9/11 and took part in multiple operations in the Mid-dle East during the War on Terror. Ellisor has long been someone who has helped others. During his time in the Air Force, he served as the Assistant Director of Operations of the 552nd Training Squadron, training over 300 young air crewmen during his tenure. After his retirement from the Air Force, he formed a small business, Service Academy Consulting, in order to help high school students with dreams like his attend one of the elite service academies. Ellisor selfless side showed itself again last week when he and Tammie Jo Shults saved 148 lives as their commercial airplane sud-denly seemed to fall from the sky. On a seem-ingly ordinary day, First Officer Darren Ellisor and Pilot Tammie Jo Shults prepared for take- off, all systems a go. Shortly after takeoff, Southwest Airlines flight 1380’s left engine ex-ploded. Ellisor and Shults’s military training kicked in, calmly bringing the plane to low alti-tude, and the duo eventually landed the plane safely in Philadelphia. Mr. Speaker, Air Force veteran and South-west Airlines pilot Darren Ellisor has a storied career serving our great Nation in the United States Airforce. His dedication to his country and aid in what could have been a disastrous situation are commendable. He truly embodies what it means to be a great American. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING JEAN BARR DONALDSON III 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jean Barr Donaldson III, who retired on March 23, 2018 as the Under-sheriff of the Napa County Sheriff’s Office, after 30 years of service to Napa County. A native of San Francisco and Novato, Mr. Donaldson graduated from San Marin High School in Novato in 1981. He attended Santa Rosa Junior College and Sacramento State University, where he graduated with a Bach-elor of Arts in Criminal Justice in 1986. Mr. Donaldson then attended and graduated from the Basic Police Academy at the Santa Rosa Junior College Northern California Criminal Justice Center. Mr. Donaldson was sworn in as a Deputy Sheriff in the Napa County Sheriff’s Office in 1988. As a Deputy, he spent several years pa-trolling the Napa Valley and Lake Berryessa areas and was selected to be a member of the SWAT Team. Mr. Donaldson was then se-lected to work in the Investigations Bureau as a Detective. In 1988 he was promoted to Ser-geant and was assigned to supervise the Pa-trol, Special Investigations and Animal Serv-ices Bureaus. Mr. Donaldson was promoted to Lieutenant in 2002 and worked as the man-ager of the Investigations and Civil/Coroner Bureaus. In 2008, he was promoted to Cap-tain and spent several years as manager of the Operations Division and four years as the Chief of Police of American Canyon. In 2013 Mr. Donaldson was promoted to Undersheriff where he managed the day to day operations of the entire Sheriff’s Office. Mr. Donaldson has also spent countless hours volunteering in our community. He has volunteered as a wrestling coach at the Napa Sheriff’s Activities League and as a football coach at Napa High School. He is a loving husband to his wife Marni and a proud parent of their children Sean and Macki. Mr. Speaker, Jean Barr Donaldson III has dedicated his life to serving our community and protecting others. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. f 
AREZ GHAFOUR 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Arez Ghafour for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Arez Ghafour is a student at Drake Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Arez Ghafour is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Arez Ghafour for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, and for other purposes: 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chair, the United States maintains the world’s safest and most complex aviation sys-tem in the world. The last multi-year FAA re-authorization bill expired in 2015. Since then, Congress has taken a patchwork approach to regulating Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) operations and programs, which I be-lieve has threatened the safety and efficiency of our airways. Today, as we consider reau-thorizing the programs and regulations that dictate how we manage our nation’s airspace, I am encouraged that we are making real progress on a long-term bill that will reauthor-ize FAA operations through FY 2023. Overall, this bill represents an important first step to providing the long-term assurances and reliability that we need at the federal level to support FAA operations in Texas and across the country. Dallas is home to the fourth busiest airport in the world by aircraft movements, the Dallas-Fort Worth Inter-national Airport, and the largest hub for Amer-ican Airlines. Having the certainty of a long- term authorization bill will help solidify the Dal-las metroplex as a major hub for domestic travel and commerce, and allow it to flourish as an international gateway to every part of the world. The longer we delay passage of a long-term bill, the more expensive and more time consuming it will be to modernize our air-space for a 21st Century economy. This measure is not without criticism. I am disappointed to see that the underlying bill in-cludes dramatic cuts to the Research, Engi-neering, and Development (RE&D) title that is lowered than the amounts appropriated in the FY 2018 Omnibus. I offered an amendment to restore critical RE&D funding for environ-mental sustainability, but I was disappointed that the Rules Committee would not make that language in order. Furthermore, I introduced an amendment to ensure transparency and accountability in FAA investment decisions by requiring performance-based standards to drive the evaluation and adoption of new avia-tion technologies, rather than arbitrary dead-lines set by special interests. Mr. Speaker, while not perfect, H.R. 4 rep-resents a discernible improvement over the piecemeal approach that Congress has taken with its series of short-term extensions over the years. Our nation’s aviation stakeholders need the long-term certainty of federal involve-ment that only comes with a multi-year reau-thorization of FAA programs. H.R. 4 would largely achieve that goal to provide the sup-port and resources for the aviation community all across the United States. Therefore, bar-ring no gross changes to the legislation, I offer my support to this legislation and urge my col-leagues to support the underlying bill. f 
HONORING THE SESQUICENTEN-NIAL OF HAMPTON UNIVERSITY 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an institution that has been at the forefront of education in America for the last 150 years. This April, Hampton University is celebrating the 150th anniversary of its founding. To mark the occasion, I would like to take a moment and recognize the wonderful legacy of this institution of higher education that lives on today. The seeds from which Hampton University grew were planted in 1861. During the Civil War, Fort Monroe, the Union-controlled coast-al fortress, was a beacon to slaves in Hamp-ton, Virginia and the surrounding towns. Gen-eral Benjamin Butler, Commanding Officer of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP8.006 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE562 April 27, 2018 
the fort, had issued a declaration that any slaves that made it to Union lines would not be returned to their masters, but declared ‘‘contraband of war.’’ Overrun with slaves de-siring their freedom, the Union created a camp for the refugees a few miles northwest of the fort. It was in this camp that Mary Smith Peake, a free black woman held classes for escapees under a large oak tree, in violation of Virginia law prohibiting the education of free or enslaved blacks. This tree would later be named the Emancipation Oak, as it was the first place in the South when the Emancipation Proclamation was read aloud to a crowd. The classes and meetings held under the Emanci-pation Oak were the beginning of education on the campus of what was to become Hamp-ton University. After the war, there were no existing path-ways for freedmen to rise from their station in slavery. Recognizing this, Brigadier General Samuel Chapman Armstrong, head of the Freedmen’s Bureau in Hampton Roads, found-ed the Hampton Normal and Agricultural Insti-tute in April 1868. While nominally the school’s mission was to train black teachers to fill the demand for the education of black Americans, the school’s founder suggested the true pur-pose of the school was ‘‘to train selected Negro youth who should go out and teach and lead their people first by example, by getting land and homes; to give them not a dollar that they could earn for themselves; to teach re-spect for labor, to replace stupid drudgery with skilled hands, and in this way to build up an industrial system for the sake not only of self- support and intelligent labor, but also for the sake of character.’’ Hampton became a model for the creation of other schools designed to uplift Black Amer-ica. Within nine years of arriving on Hampton’s campus for his education, Booker T. Wash-ington was founding Tuskegee Institute in Ala-bama. Hampton continued to produce black educators and skilled craft and tradesmen. Many of the campus buildings of this era were built by Hampton students. Hampton ex-panded its programs, increasing its course of-ferings to include business, nursing, and other arts and sciences classes. In 1930 the school was renamed Hampton Institute, recognizing its growth from its agricultural and teacher training roots. And in 1984, after a thorough nine-month study of Hampton’s rapid growth and development and acknowledging its com-mitment to attracting quality students and tal-ented faculty, offering a robust selection of academic programs, as well as its status as a premier research institution, it was rec-ommended that Hampton Institute change its name to Hampton University. Hampton’s current legacy has been shaped over the past 40 years by President Dr. Wil-liam R. Harvey. Dr. Harvey came to Hampton in 1978 as the 12th President of the school. Under his leadership, Hampton has remained an innovative institution of higher education. If Dr. Harvey’s tenure were measured solely by the creation of traditional campus facilities, the construction of the Convocation Center, Stu-dent Center, Sports Facilities, Libraries, schools of journalism and physical sciences would be a fitting tribute to his tenure. But Dr. Harvey has also had the vision to ensure that Hampton was at the forefront of innovative new technologies and opportunities. Hampton University’s Proton Therapy Institute is the only one of its kind in Virginia, and through its partnerships with NASA, Hampton is currently the only historically black college and univer-sity in control of a NASA satellite mission. Over 150 years, Hampton University, ‘‘Our Home by the Sea,’’ has grown from an out-door academy for newly freed slaves to an es-tablished research university and one of the bedrock institutions of the Hampton Roads re-gion. Its athletic teams have won scores of championships in multiple sports. Its alumni have achieved acclaim in the arts, sciences, business, and politics. And Hampton has held a place of reverence in the story of Historically Black Colleges and Universities in America. I would like to commend Dr. Harvey, the faculty, staff, students, and alumni of Hampton Univer-sity on the occasion of their sesquicentennial, and I wish them another 150 years of suc-cess, growth, and achievement as a pinnacle of higher education in our country. 
f 
BRADY A. HACKBARTH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Brady A. Hackbarth for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Brady A. Hackbarth is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Brady A. Hackbarth is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Brady A. Hackbarth for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY HELEN WAINWRIGHT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mary Helen Wainwright on the very special occasion of her 100th birthday. She was born in Parnell, Missouri on April 10, 1918 and was a teacher for most of her life. Our world has changed a great deal during Mary Helen’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cel-lular phones, and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of So-viet communism, and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Mary Helen has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twenty-two Governors of Iowa. In her life-time, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Mary Helen in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize her today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Mary Helen on reaching this incredible milestone and in wishing her nothing but the best. f 
REMEMBERING MARINE CORPS MASTER SERGEANT ERIC ENG-LAND 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Blairsville’s Eric Eng-land, a retired Marine known as one of the world’s greatest marksmen. At the age of 84, Master Sergeant England passed away on April 7, 2018. Master Sergeant England joined the United States Marine Corps in 1950 and served as a scout sniper during the Vietnam War. In com-bat, he had 98 confirmed kills, making him one of the best snipers in our nation’s history. Years after the Vietnam War, Master Ser-geant England continued working for the Ma-rine Corps as a Weapons Tactics Instructor. He viewed teaching as a way for him to con-tinue defending American lives, encouraging him to create the National Marksmanship Unit at Georgia’s Fort Benning in 1968. Master Sergeant England won countless awards for his world-class marksmanship, and he represented the United States as part of two Olympic shooting teams. Alongside his cousin and fellow Marine, Zell Miller, he was inducted into the Georgia Military Veterans Hall of Fame with the Class of 2017. My prayers are with the England family in their time of loss. I stand alongside many other Americans in thanking this hero for his service. 
f 
JAYDEKAI HANH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Jaydekai Hanh for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Jaydekai Hanh is a student at Arvada K–8 and received this award because his deter-mination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Jaydekai Hanh is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jaydekai Hanh for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP8.009 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE563 April 27, 2018 
COUNTERTERROISM COOPERATION WITH THE GCC STATES 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. Poe of TEXAS. Mr. Speaker, our historic relationship with the Arab Gulf states is strate-gically crucial. The ties we maintain allow us to project power to contain threats like Iran and secure key shipping lanes for global com-merce while also providing stability in a cha-otic region. Our Gulf partners have made clear they value their strong alliance with the United States. But our relationship has not always been perfect. The 9/11 attacks were a tragic wake- up call to a dangerous ideology that we had long ignored. Sunni extremism had estab-lished strong roots across the Middle East, North Africa, and South Asia. This intolerant and violent strain of Islam was largely able to spread so widely because it was funded and supported by some of our Gulf allies. Some would call this a betrayal: while GCC states were benefiting from security and sta-bility provided by the U.S., they were fostering radical ideologies that sought to target and kill Americans. It is no coincidence that among the 19 hijackers who conducted the 9/11 at-tacks, 17 came from the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia. In part, al-Qaeda did this deliberately to damage the GCC alliance with the U.S. But the high number of Saudi recruits and the fact that al-Qaeda was founded and led by a Saudi named Osama bin Laden, also showed that something was not quite right in the Kingdom. The Saudi monarchy’s embrace of the Wahhabi ideology produced generations of young Saudis who despised the West and held hateful views of other religions. After 9/11, the Kingdom and the rest of the GCC states pledged cooperation with the U.S. to fight terrorism, but little was done. Wealthy financiers and hateful preachers continued to operate across the GCC. For years, many of our Gulf allies tried to play both sides of the War on Terror. They acted both as the arsonists and the firefighters. While the U.S. military launched airstrikes against terrorists in the region from Gulf air bases, money and re-cruits flowed to terrorist from the same Gulf countries. We were basically chasing our tails. Ultimately, not George W. Bush, nor Barack Obama, nor Donald Trump can convince young Muslims that al-Qaeda or ISIS’s version of Islam is the wrong one. An American presi-dent, regardless of party affiliation, will never be able to effectively argue that jihad against the West is not the answer to the problems of the Middle East. It is only the leaders of the Muslim world who can make that argument. In recent years, we have seen progress by the Gulf states towards tackling the sources of extremism within their borders. They have rec-ognized that this is not just the U.S.’s fight: their own security is at stake. The Saudis have infiltrated terrorist groups to thwart at-tacks on the West and detained radical clerics who once incited thousands to join al-Qaeda or ISIS. The UAE is leading the region in de-veloping messaging to counter violent extre-mism and has prioritized targeting al-Qaeda in Yemen. Bahrain now hosts the region’s Finan-cial Action Task Force and amended its char-ity law to closely monitor terrorist financing and enact harsh penalties on violators. Kuwait has also intensified its charity monitoring and outlawed fundraising for terrorist groups on-line. Meanwhile, Oman remains a haven for tolerance and moderate Islam, effectively pre-venting terrorists from using its territory for fundraising or recruitment. Even Qatar has signed a memorandum of understanding with the U.S. last summer to cooperate on counter-terrorism and has created terrorist designation lists. Trust is finally being restored. But there is still more work to be done. Many promises remain unfulfilled. Qatar still harbors Hamas operatives and al-Qaeda fund-raisers. The Saudis still publish intolerant ma-terial in their textbooks that glorify jihad and incite hatred and violence. Additionally, Kuwait still has designated terrorists living freely in their borders. Oman remains suspiciously tied to the region’s number one state sponsor of terrorism, Iran, and reports of arms smuggling through Oman to Yemen’s Houthi rebels per-sist. No GCC member is contributing enough to prevent ISIS from reemerging in Syria and Iraq. And the Saudi-led coalition is overly fo-cused on Iran’s meddling in Yemen while al- Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula survives in the chaos. We need our Gulf partners to aggressively and pro-actively combat Sunni extremism across the region. Not to wait for the U.S. to take the lead or ask them nicely. All the drones and special forces in the world cannot destroy an ideology this deeply rooted. The fight against terrorism must start and end on the ideological battlefield. Treating the symp-toms and not the underlying disease will ulti-mately not be enough. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. PASCHAL WARD 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a beloved educator and out-standing citizen, Mr. Paschal Ward. Mr. Ward will be retiring from his post as the Director of Bands at Bainbridge High School. He will be honored by the administration, faculty, stu-dents, and supporters at a celebratory recep-tion on Saturday, May 5, 2018 in Bainbridge, Georgia. The Prattville, Alabama native earned both a Bachelor of Arts and a Master’s degree in Music Education from Troy State University in Alabama. Since 1985, he has served as the Director of Bands at Bainbridge High School. He has built an impressive career, which began when he enlisted in the U.S. Army, and served as the Director of Bands in Goshen, Alabama. He later became the Director of Bands at Charles Henderson High School in Troy, Alabama; the University of West Ala-bama; and Livingston State University in Liv-ingston, Alabama. Under his direction, the Charles Henderson High School band program received superior ratings in both marching and concert competi-tions for eight consecutive years; the participa-tion in the Livingston State University Colle-giate Band Program doubled; the Decatur County Band program received numerous Proclamations and Senate Resolutions from the Governors of Alabama and Georgia; and the Bainbridge High School Symphonic Band has been awarded Superior Ratings by the Georgia Music Educators Band Festival and Georgia Bandmasters Association for thirty- three consecutive years. The Second Congressional District of Geor-gia gained a compassionate and able leader when Mr. Ward arrived in Decatur County in 1985. Mr. Ward has also served on numerous community boards, and as Chairman of the Alabama Band Association for District Eight; a member of the Southern Association of Schools and Colleges Visiting Committee; the National Band Association for District Eight; the Southeastern U.S. Honor Band Clinic; and the Georgia Music Educators Association. He also received an honorary membership into Kappa Kappa Psi National Band Fraternity, In-corporated. A talented and precise music director, Mr. Ward has received numerous accolades and awards for his musical expertise. These hon-ors include a feature in the (‘‘Who’s Who among America’s Teachers’’ in 1992 and 1996; an Outstanding Alumni Award in Music Education by Troy State University in 1993; a spot in the National Band Director Hall of Fame as the Band Director of the Year in 1996; a Star-Teacher Award in 2001; a Man of the Year Award in 2006 and an Outstanding Teacher Award in 2010 from the Bainbridge Kiwan is Club; a National Citizenship Edu-cation Teacher Award in 2007; a Certificate of Special Congressional Recognition in 2009, which I presented to him; and the title of Roastee of the Year by the Bainbridge Pilot Club in 2011. Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: (‘‘You make your living by what you get; you make your life by what you give.’’ Paschal Ward has established a legacy of musical distinction in Bainbridge where he has done a tremendous job of educating students. A man of great in-tegrity, his efforts, his dedication, and his ex-pertise in his field are unparalleled. Paschal has accomplished much in his life but none of it would be possible without the love and support of his wife, Pamela, and their children, Rachael and Emily. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the more than 730,000 people of the Second Congressional District, in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Mr. Paschal Ward upon the occasion of his retirement from an out-standing thirty-three year career in music edu-cation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WANDA AND BOB WOLDRUFF 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Wanda and Bob Woldruff on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Wanda and Bob’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow and may they continue to cherish and honor one another for many more years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP8.012 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE564 April 27, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
NATHAN HANNAH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Nathan Han-nah for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Nathan Hannah is a student at Mandalay Middle School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Nathan Hannah is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Na-than Hannah for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GLENN GROTHMAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, and for other purposes: 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr Chair, I would like to thank the Chairman and Ranking member for their effort to bring this bill forward. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amend-ment to H.R. 4. My amendment is intended to offer a path-way to provide authorization for the use of ac-tively tethered unmanned aircraft systems, or UAV’s, for public safety purposes, specifically fire engines. My amendment preserves FAA’s discretion to determine the conditions that apply to these operations, while denoting congressional intent for the authorization to cover a wide variety of public safety uses. My amendment ensures limited UAV oper-ational authority and is available only to ac-tively tethered UAV’s that present a lower level of safety risk. This amendment would apply only to systems that: are physically attached to a ground station with a taut, appropriately load-rated tether that provides continuous power to the unmanned aircraft; and capable of being controlled and retrieved by such ground station through physical manipu-lation of the tether. These tethered public UAV’s operating under the authority granted by subsection (a) shall be operated: within the line of sight of the operator; less than 200 feet above the ground; within class G airspace; and at least 5 statute miles from a tower-con-troller airport or airport denoted on by the Fed-eral Aviation Administration-with limited excep-tions. My amendment will be a huge asset for our men and women fighting fires and will improve their effectiveness. More importantly, passage of this amendment will help save lives. I am happy to offer this amendment and look forward to continue working with my col-leagues and the FAA to ensure our first re-sponders can utilize this potential resource. f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, and for other purposes: 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chair, I rise today in sup-port of my amendment, Schiff No. 29, which requires the FAA to create a program that uti-lizes remote detection and identification tech-nologies to identify unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) that are not in compliance with applica-ble Federal aviation laws and regulations. I first came to this issue several years ago when fire fighters responding to a wildfire had to ground support aircraft due to civilians oper-ating drones in the airspace. This problem seems likely to grow more pronounced, not just in response to wildfires but also in the air-space near airports. According to the FAA, the agency projects there are 1.1 million un-manned aircraft systems in the United States and they expect that number to grow rapidly in the corning years, putting airline passengers, firefighters, and others at risk. I want the owners of these vehicles to be able to enjoy them, but in a complicated and crowded airspace like the one we have in Los Angeles, we need to be sure we are putting public safety first. That is why it is so impor-tant for Congress to give the FAA and law en-forcement the appropriate tools to address this increase in drones entering restricted air-space. Furthermore, we still do not know how many unmanned aircraft enter restricted airspace, whether at airports, above forest fires, or in other restricted areas. That is why my amend-ment also requires annual reporting by FAA to Congress to report the number of drones en-tering restricted airspace, the number of en-forcement cases brought by FAA or other agencies, and recommendations by FAA for detection and mitigation systems. There are a variety of vendors developing technology to counter unauthorized UAS operation in re-stricted airspace, some of which show great promise and have already been tested in pilot projects by the FAA. My amendment would di-rect the FAA to continue this important work. With the adoption of UAS technology con-tinuing at a rapid pace, I am worried it is more a matter of when and not if a drone will collide with a commercial airliner or first responder, with potentially devastating results. We must be proactive to ensure that the next time we read about this issue, we are not also reading about casualties that could have been pre-vented. I thank the Chairman and Ranking Members of the committee and appreciate the inclusion of my amendment in the FAA Reauthorization bill. It is my hope it will remain in any con-ference agreement finalized by the House and Senate. f 
SAMUEAL HAYS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Samueal Hays for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Samueal Hays is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Samueal Hays is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Samueal Hays for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
HONORING THE HONOREES OF THE 2018 DIVERSITY HONORS GALA 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate the five outstanding honorees of the 2018 Diversity Honors Gala. The Diversity Honors Gala is an annual event where the community can come together to honor men and women who, in their extraor-dinary lives, remind us all of the diversity of the human spirit and the values that define us. The gala will benefit the Harvey Milk Founda-tion and The Pride Center at Equality Park. Mr. Speaker, Dolores Huerta, recipient of the Harvey Milk Foundation Honors Medal, is a preeminent leader of the Latino, Labor, and Women’s Civil rights movements and co- founder of the United Farm Workers of Amer-ica. Emma Gonza´lez, recipient of the Harvey Milk Foundation Milan Rozsa Youth Award, is a youth activist and advocate for LGBT rights, gun control, and an international leader for the current generation of students. She is a sur-vivor of the massacre that took the lives of 17 students and faculty at Marjory Stoneman Douglas in Parkland, Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP8.014 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE565 April 27, 2018 
Mayor Dean Trantalis of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, is the recipient of the Alan Schubert Award of Excellence. Mayor Trantalis has a long track record of public service, beginning with his involvement in the fight for equal rights. In 2012, Florida State Representative David Richardson became the first-elected openly gay state legislator in Florida’s history. Mr. Richardson quickly earned the respect of his colleagues for his work on criminal justice and prison reform, sensible gun violence preven-tion measures, promotion of traditional public schools, and steadfast commitment to civil lib-erties and equal rights for all. Craig Stevens, a NATAS Silver Circle recipi-ent and Emmy Award winner, is a fixture of the South Florida Community. Craig is active in several charities and organizations. He spent several years as vice-president of the Suncoast Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences where he also chaired a committee that mentored young TV professionals throughout the southeastern United States. Again, congratulations to these outstanding individuals. I look forward to hearing of their continued service activities. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM WINEMILLER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jim Winemiller. Jim was awarded the Taylor Coun-ty Conservation Leadership Award. The Leadership Award is a joint effort of the Taylor County Soil and Water Conservation District, Taylor County Board of Supervisors, and the Taylor County Conservation Board to recognize the exemplary efforts of Taylor County’s conservation leaders, committed to improving wildlife habitat, water quality, and conservation in Taylor County. Since 1990, Jim has worked as the Conservation Board Di-rector and enjoyed creating and bettering out-door recreation opportunities for the commu-nity. One of his greatest achievements was the improvement of Sand Timber Lake and watershed near Blockton. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Jim for this award. I am proud to represent him and Taylor County Conservation in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jim and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
MALIK JOHNES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Malik Johnes for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Malik Johnes is a student at Jefferson High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Malik Johnes is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Malik Johnes for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. f 
U.S.-SERBIA RELATIONSHIP 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is a dis-tinct honor for me to talk about the great rela-tionship we have with Serbia as co-chair of the Congressional Serbia Caucus. Serbia is a great friend of the United States. As a Texan, I have great admiration for the people of Serbia. Our strong opinions and habit to speak our minds make us natural al-lies. In fact, one of the first people to settle in Texas was a Serbian named Dorde Sagic, or George Fischer as he was known in the U.S. After settling in Texas, Sagic went on to be-come a justice of the peace in my hometown of Houston. But Serbia has contributed much more to the cause of justice than just Mr. Sagic keep-ing the early streets of Houston safe. Today we honor the service of Serbia’s armed forces who have fought side-by-side with Americans to preserve justice during his-tory’s most horrific conflicts. In 1918, President Woodrow Wilson gave a speech marking the fourth anniversary of Aus-tria-Hungary’s invasion of Serbia. Speaking of the bravery of the Serbian armed forces, President Wilson said: ‘‘Nobly did they respond. So valiantly and courageous did they oppose the forces of a country ten times greater in population and re-sources. . . While their territory has been devastated and their homes despoiled, the spirit of the Serbian people has not been bro-ken.’’ As a Texan, I admire such defiance against overwhelming odds. Like President Wilson, I am proud to share the stories of Serbia’s bravery here in Wash-ington. I believe the most meaningful for Americans is the story of the Halyard Mission during the dark days of the Second World War. While under Nazi-occupation, the Serbian people demonstrated their bravery as they played a crucial role in the largest rescue op-eration of American airmen in history. In 1944, American bombers were flying fre-quent missions to strike Germany’s vital oil supplies in Romania as part of the allied ad-vance into Europe. The 15th Air Force led this effort by launch-ing nearly 20,000 sorties into Eastern Europe, with many of the missions flying over Nazi-oc-cupied Yugoslavia. As many as 1,500 pilots and airmen were shot down during these cou-rageous air raids. Serbians, who had been resisting German forces since 1941, risked their own lives to rescue American aircrews and hide them from patrolling Nazis. For months these brave and noble Serbians cared for and protected American and allied pilots. By August 1944, the allied forces, including the 15th Air Force and Office of Strategic Services, devised a daring operation to evac-uate the hundreds of allied pilots being shel-tered by the Serbian resistance. American aircraft flew into enemy territory and evacuated these airmen from an air field built and protected by local Serbians near the village of Pranjani. For over 60 years this operation was kept secret. But now we can remember the cour-age of our Serbian friends and say thank you. The spirit of the Halyard mission still lives on today as a remarkable story of resistance and heroism. As was the case in both World Wars, Serbia and the U.S. still face shared threats. About 600 foreign fighters in Syria have come from the Balkan states. ISIS and al- Qaeda terrorists present a threat to Serbia and the region just as they present a threat to the U.S. We must continue to coordinate with our Serbian partners to stop returning terrorists and neutralize networks that recruit fighters in the Balkans. The U.S. is also working with Serbia to im-prove its independent judiciary and fight cor-ruption. A democratic Serbia with a strong rule of law is in America’s interests. But there are others who do not share this goal. Russian disinformation efforts are designed to keep Serbia in its sphere of influence and poison our warming friendship. Nevertheless, Serbia’s integration to the West has continued to move forward. In 2006, Serbia joined NATO’s Partnership for Peace program and, in 2015, signed an In-dividual Partnership Action Plan with the alli-ance to strengthen cooperation. Recently the European Union announced that Serbia could join the EU as early as 2025. I applaud this step which will strengthen Belgrade’s political institutions and economic ties with the West. Together we share the same dreams of a bright and free future for both our countries. We are blessed to have brave men and women that ensure our futures are bright and free. Thank you to the Serbian armed forces for standing with America in the wars of the past and in the challenges we will face together in the future. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHUCK WESTERN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Chuck Western who was inducted into the Union County Cattlemen’s Hall of Fame at their an-nual banquet earlier this year. Chuck has been a long time livestock pro-ducer and row crop farmer. He was an original 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP8.017 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE566 April 27, 2018 
board member of the Union County Cattlemen and also served on the state board for Cattle-men. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Chuck for receiving this outstanding award. I am proud to represent him and the Union County Cattlemen in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Chuck and in wishing him noth-ing but continued success. 
f 
CHRIS JORDAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Chris Jordan for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Chris Jordan is a student at Arvada West High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Chris Jor-dan is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Chris Jordan for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
HONORING RUTHERFORD VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Rutherford Volunteer Fire Department for their 100 years of volun-teer service to Rutherford, Napa County and California. This esteemed fire department was created in 1918, along with 22 other stations in Napa County, in preparation for a potential war. It has been in service ever since, operating 24 hours per day, 365 days per year. In 1956 Napa County accepted the Rutherford Fire Department into county control and in 1986 the Rutherford Fire Department was incor-porated. Rutherford Fire Department has not only served Rutherford and Napa County. The de-partment has also responded to numerous fires, floods and earthquakes throughout and across California. In order to adequately re-spond to any and every crisis, the Rutherford Fire Department has been at the forefront of training and drilling. Rutherford Fire Department is more than just an exceptional fire department. Multiple generations of Rutherford residents have served and continue to serve our community as courageous volunteer firefighters who are ready to defend the lives of those in the Napa Valley and throughout California. The depart-ment stands tall as one of the nine remaining volunteer departments in the Napa County and is honored to be made up of community members, for the protection of community members. Mr. Speaker, the Rutherford Volunteer Fire Department is an essential institution. Their unparalleled commitment to protecting Ruther-ford and Napa County make them a model volunteer fire department. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor the Rutherford Fire Department here today. f 
INCREDIBLE CONTRIBUTIONS OF INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the incredible contributions of international students at our colleges and uni-versities. During this time of year, students all over the United States and the world are beginning to make decisions about where they will at-tend college. As they begin to make these de-cisions, I would like to express my support for international students, and the value they add to our institutions of higher education, and our country as a whole. Nationwide, only 2 percent of U.S. students study abroad every year. This makes it even more important our colleges and universities have a diverse student body, so our students can learn about different cultures. In my district, there are nearly 1,500 inter-national students enrolled in both the under-graduate and graduate level at Ohio Univer-sity, and over 6,000 at The Ohio State Univer-sity. These students contribute to a wide vari-ety of our academic programs, including STEM subjects. Moreover, when they return home, they become informal ambassadors when sharing their positive experiences in our country. I urge my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing the incredible value international stu-dents add to our country. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY AND ROBERT PIATT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mary and Robert Piatt of Glenwood, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on February 14, 2018. Mary and Robert’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
STEVEN CRISE-ZARATE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Steven Crise- Zarate for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Steven Crise-Zarate is a student at North Arvada Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Steven Crise-Zarate is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ste-ven Crise-Zarate for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING COUNCILMEMBER MARGARET FINLAY 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the long career of public service pro-vided by an outstanding leader in my district, Councilmember Margaret Finlay, who is end-ing her term as President of the Southern California Association of Governments (SCAG). Councilmember Finlay has ably led the nation’s largest metropolitan planning or-ganization, representing six counties, 191 cit-ies and more than 18 million residents. Under her guidance, SCAG has undertaken impor-tant work in a variety of planning and policy initiatives that will improve Southern California now and in the future. Councilmember Finlay has been an invalu-able resource to me and my staff as a councilmember and six-term Mayor of the city of Duarte having served our region for over 28 years. She has served in many capacities as she has been elected by her peers in other cities to serve on regional, state, and national boards such as the National League of Cities, League of California Cities, Liability Trust Fund Oversight Committee, California Joint Powers Insurance Authority, Personnel Com-mittee of the Sanitation Districts, LAFCO Rep-resentative for Los Angeles County, and the California Contract Cities Association. I have been privileged to work directly with Councilmember Finlay on many issues affect-ing our community such as increasing trans-portation options for our residents, creating more access to our beautiful San Gabriel Mountains, and improving emergency pre-paredness and response. She is a leader on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP8.020 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE567 April 27, 2018 
advocating for additional transit, bicycle and pedestrian options to improve the daily com-mute of our residents. She has done excep-tional work to preserve our natural resources for future generations by fighting to preserve 330 acres in the foothills. Councilmember Fin-lay and I recently held a first responder event together to improve wildfire and mudslide pre-vention and response activities in Duarte and our surrounding community. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the citizens of Duarte and the many people she has im-pacted in the Southern California Region, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Councilmember Margaret Finlay for her serv-ice as President of the Southern California As-sociation of Governments. I look forward to continuing to work with Councilmember Finlay to improve the lives of residents in Duarte and the San Gabriel Valley. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF R.B. ‘‘BOB’’ TAYLOR 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of World War II veteran, commu-nity leader, and dear friend, R.B. ‘‘Bob’’ Taylor who went home to be with the Lord on April 18, 2018 at the age of ninety-two. Bob was born on October 17, 1926, in Oak Town, Indiana. He served in the United States Army 7th Infantry Division from 1944 to 1946 during the Second World War where he de-ployed to the South Pacific, with stints in both Okinawa and Korea. On May 15, 1947, he married his wife of seventy-one years, the former Alice Fox. To-gether Mr. and Mrs. Taylor raised two daugh-ters, Scarlet and Rhonda, and one son, Mi-chael. The Taylor family has called the Texas Gulf Coast home for many years, having lived in the East Harris, Clearlake, and West Cham-bers County area since 1953. In 2001, Bob was appointed to an open seat on the City Council in Beach City, and was elected to an-other term in 2002. He also served as an elected Precinct Chairman for the Chambers County Republican Party. Bob Taylor was also a member and/or director of numerous com-munity and civic organizations including: Ara-bian Shrine Temple, 32nd Degree Mason, Ro-tary Club, Lions Club, Cedar Bayou Navigation District Task Force, Bay Area Crime Stoppers, and the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo. He was also a founder of both the Clear Lake Boat Parade and the Clear Lake Hydroplane Boat Races. Bob often reflected on partici-pating in the Coast to Coast Antique Auto-mobile Race with his son in the late 1980’s. He later served as a Bayou Bowl Director, a member of the Clear Lake Chamber of Com-merce, and as a Director for the Baytown West Chambers County Economic Develop-ment Corporation. A patriot, dedicated public servant, and close friend, Bob will be missed, but his many contributions to his country, state, and com-munity will long live on. Mr. Speaker, my pray-ers are with the family and numerous friends of R.B. ‘‘Bob’’ Taylor. CONGRATULATING SOUTHEAST MICHIGAN COUNCIL OF GOVERN-MENTS (SEMCOG) HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Southeast Michigan Council of Gov-ernments (SEMCOG) as it celebrates its 50th year of serving Southeast Michigan. SEMCOG was formed 50 years ago to fill a vital need—to bring together distinct commu-nities in Southeast Michigan, and provide a forum to help them plan and work together for the common good. The philosophy at the heart of SEMCOG is that the whole is some-times greater than the sum of its parts, and that our region faces challenges we can only meet by working together. In the continuing pursuit of regional coordi-nation, business, community, and government leaders came together in the mid–1960s to form the Committee of 100. The Committee of 100 reviewed the functions of both the Re-gional Planning Commission and the Super-visors Inter-County Commission. In January 1968, on recommendation of the Committee of 100, the Regional Planning Commission and the Supervisors Inter-County Committee dis-banded, and the Southeast Michigan Council of Governments was formed and began to re-spond to the need for both planning and other types of intergovernmental and regional pro-grams. SEMCOG’s earliest years set the tone for much of the work they do today and will con-tinue to do in the future. I’ve had the pleas-uring of seeing firsthand the growth of SEMCOG, from the days of the Committee of 100 to today. Today SEMCOG serves 4.7 million people in the seven-county area surrounding Metro-politan Detroit. SEMCOG supports coordinated local planning with technical, data, and inter-governmental resources. The principal pur-pose of SEMCOG is to help local govern-ments improve and maintain Southeast Michi-gan’s transportation systems, environmental quality, economic interests, and infrastructure. SEMCOG has been instrumental to our work in Congress, serving as a valuable re-source to not only me and my office, but the entire Michigan delegation. A strong, collegial working relationship has been mutually bene-ficial to developing policy and addressing the needs of Southeast Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing SEMCOG for their steadfast commitment to their mission of addressing re-gional challenges and strengthening the abili-ties of local governments to work together. 
f 
125TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE YMCA OF NORTHERN UTAH 
HON. JOHN R. CURTIS 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before you today to honor the YMCA of Northern Utah, as it celebrates its 125th anniversary. One hundred and twenty-five years ago, the YMCA opened its doors in Salt Lake City, Utah. Since then, the YMCA. has been vital in building strong kids, families, and commu-nities. Whether it be homework support or summer camping, the Y’s impact on Northern Utah has been invaluable. The afterschool programs that the YMCA provides are priceless to its communities. The Y provides 28 afterschool programs sites across Utah, which serve over 1,350 youth. These programs help ensure that kids have a safe, instructive, and enjoyable place to go after school. This not only gives parents peace of mind about their children’s safety, but also instills core values of caring, respect, honesty and responsibility in the participants of the programs. The YMCA offers many programs that cele-brate the beautiful outdoor landscapes in Utah. Utah is widely known as one of the most beautiful places to live and offers a wide vari-ety of outdoor adventures. However, various factors can prevent our children from experi-encing the beauty that our state has to offer. The Y has gone to great lengths to ensure that all children can have the opportunity to appreciate the outdoors through overnight camps, day camps, and even recess camps. In these summer programs spread throughout the state, children can meet new friends, learn new skills, connect with nature, and have fun. On top of everything else, the YMCA also provides a ‘‘wide range of programs for adults. Courses are available for individuals learning to speak English, improve financial literacy and money management, prevent Type 2 Dia-betes, and enhance fitness. These classes have been wildly successful, with some even gaining national recognition. The development of these skills has been life-changing and en-riching to many across the state. In conclusion, the services at the YMCA have been integral in making Utah one of the best places to live and raise a family. One hundred and twenty-five years later, Utah is a better place to live, with stronger communities and children, because of the YMCA. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues to join me in congratulating the YMCA of Northern Utah as it celebrates its 125 anniversary. f 
TRIBUTE TO LINDA AND JIM FOJE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Linda and Jim Foje of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on February 16, 1968 at Faith Lutheran Church in Council Bluffs. Linda and Jim’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa val-ues. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27AP8.020 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE568 April 27, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAJOR GEN-ERAL GEORGE MARVIN JOHNSON JR’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. TED BUDD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and celebrate Major General George Marvin Johnson Jr. on his one hundredth birthday. General Johnson had a long and distin-guished military career that started when he first joined the Army Air Corps in 1941 to when he retired in 1975 as a United States Air Force Major General. He selflessly served dur-ing World War II in the European Theater of Operations as an operations officer and troop carrier squadron commander, and participated in seven major campaigns. General Johnson has also served as a commander of the Okla-homa City Air Materiel Area, Tinker Air Force Base in Oklahoma and was chief of staff of the Air Force Logistics Command at Wright- Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. General Johnson’s military distinctions and awards are many. They include the Distin-guished Service Medal with oak leaf cluster, Legion of Merit with oak leaf cluster, Distin-guished Flying Cross, Air Medal with oak leaf cluster, Air Force Commendation Medal, and the French Croix de Guerre. He was also awarded a command pilot rating with over 6,000 flying hours. It is with the utmost gratitude that I thank General Johnson for his service and congratu-late him on celebrating this birthday of one hundred years. He has served our country with distinction and honor, and can be proud of his contributions towards protecting our citi-zens and strengthening the safety of our coun-try. May his one hundredth year be filled with blessings. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in hon-oring Major General George Marvin Johnson Jr. for his service to our great nation and for celebrating his one hundredth birthday. 
f 
NO ASSISTANCE FOR ASSAD ACT 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, since 2011, Bashar Al-Assad purposely and systemically destroyed Syrian communities in order to crush political oppo-nents and retain absolute dictatorial power, with the help of his Russian and Iranian back-ers. Starting as peaceful protests, the people of Syria demanded basic freedoms from the Syrian government. Of course, this was met with a harsh crackdown, prolonged conflict, and today, a humanitarian crisis. As co-chair of the Friends of a Free, Stable and Demo-cratic Syria Caucus, I believe we in Congress must do all we can to ensure that the welfare of the Syrian people remains the top priority of our involvement in the region, and condition any engagement with the Assad regime as such. My heart goes out to every Syrian that has to monitor the skies to see what aerial attacks will be coming that day; to every child that has been robbed of their innocence—forced to leave their home and live in constant fear, de-nied a basic education—and to every family member left wondering if their relatives will live to see the next day. We’ve all seen the im-ages in Syria. They’re hard to stomach. Yet, the attacks persist. The violence and ruthless-ness persist. Assad and his supporters in Rus-sia and Iran are responsible for all of this pain and suffering. H.R. 4681, the No Assistance for Assad Act, would ensure that American assistance for re-construction in Syria should be available in areas controlled by Assad only if the regime stops its indiscriminate use of weapons, ends attacks on civilians and civilian facilities, re-leases political prisoners, allows human rights organizations access to prisons, and removes senior officials complicit in human-rights abuses. If the Assad regime, Russia, and Iran continue to break Syria, this legislation makes clear they must own the responsibility for re-building it. U.S. policy must not allow the re-gime in Damascus control American dollars that are meant to rebuild the country. I was proud to introduce this critical legisla-tion with Ranking Member ENGEL , Chairman R
OYCE , and my fellow caucus co-chair, A DAM K
INZINGER . I thank them for their hard work on this legislation and urge passage of this time-ly, important legislation. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, and for other purposes: 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my common sense amendment that will protect consumers by creating the position of the Aviation Consumer Advocate at the FAA. More than nine million flights take off and land in the United States every year. In my home state of Oregon, nearly 20 million peo-ple passed through the Portland International Airport last year, and that number will continue to grow. Unfortunately, many passengers have expe-rienced inconveniences such as lost luggage and delayed flights that result in missed con-nections. Some passengers have experienced much worse, including being forcibly removed from flights when seats are oversold, or sitting on a tarmac for hours. With more than two and a half million peo-ple flying U.S. skies every day, it is critical that they have somewhere to turn if things go wrong. They deserve to be treated with dignity and to have a reliable advocate who is on their side. My simple amendment would enhance the FAA’s existing Aviation Consumer Protection Division by creating the position of the Avia-tion Consumer Advocate. This will provide travelers a dedicated per-son at the FAA to help navigate the Aviation Consumer Protection Division and try to re-solve problems that arise with airlines. In addition to helping travelers, the Aviation Consumer Advocate would provide the FAA with recommendations on how best to enforce consumer protection rules and improve the fly-ing experience. The Aviation Consumer Advocate would also evaluate the FAA’s response to com-plaints, and provide a report to Congress about the volume and frequency of com-plaints, as well as recommendations on how Congress can take action to bolster consumer protections for fliers. This is a common sense amendment to pro-tect all our constituents. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in strengthening consumer protections and supporting the millions of Americans who fly every day. f 
TRIBUTE TO ANNABELL AND LAVERNE BROWN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Annabell and Laverne Brown of Mount Ayr, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on March 12, 2018. Annabell and Laverne’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, and for other purposes: 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. This bill would shore up long-term funding for critical FAA programs and author-ize additional disaster program funding for areas like Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, which are still struggling to bounce back after the 2017 hurricane season. I am proud to be a cosponsor of a recently adopted amendment, which will help ensure the safety of the national airspace by prohib-iting individuals from operating unmanned air-craft systems that are equipped or armed with a dangerous weapon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP8.027 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE569 April 27, 2018 
In July of 2015, lawmakers and the public began to express concerns over the weaponization of drone technology after a col-lege student built a drone capable of firing live armnunition from a mounted .45 caliber semi- automatic handgun. More recently, at least one state legislature has proposed legislation to allow the use of weaponized drones by local and national law enforcement, which is something that concerns me greatly. This amendment addresses these concerns by explicitly prohibiting the operation of a weaponized drone in the national airspace and by imposing a penalty of up to $25,000 for each violation. I am pleased to have worked with Rep. B
URGESS on this common-sense, bi-partisan amendment and applaud my colleagues for adopting. I urge all Members to support the underlying bill. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing Roll Call votes held on April 27, 2018, I was inescapably detained handling important matters related to my district and the State of Alabama. If I had been present, I would have voted NO on the amendment proposed by Rep. M
CCLINTOCK (112), NO on the amend-ment proposed by Rep. D
UNCAN (114), YES on the Democratic motion to recommit, YES on final passage of H.R. 4, and NO on the motion to table H. Res. 856. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MARTY ANN ROGUSKY REGULA 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Mary Ann Rogusky Regula who died at her family’s farm in Navarre, Ohio on April 5, 2018. Mary Regula was born in Girard, Ohio on November 29, 1926 to the late Mr. and Mrs. Rogusky. In 1949, Mary graduated from Mount Union College and it is there where she met her future husband Ralph Regula. She was an active member of the community, serving as an educator, historian, and aide in her hus-band’s Congressional office as he represented the 16th Congressional District of Ohio. In 1994, Mary began laying the foundation for a museum devoted to the first ladies. She told the Washington Post that it wasn’t until the 1970s that we decided women had any part in this nation’s history. She wanted to help close history’s gaping hole by honoring the accomplishments of women. In 1998, former first lady Rosalynn Carter cut the rib-bon at the formal opening of the National First Ladies’ Library in Canton, Ohio. Mary hoped the museum would serve as a way to docu-ment the lives of first ladies and as a resource for scholars and students. The museum was designated a historic site in 2000, expanding to include an education and research center that has now grown to partner with Ohio schools to provide educational programming about these important figures in American his-tory. She is dearly missed by her three children Richard Regula (Sherry), David Regula (Jaqueline), and Martha Regula and her four grandchildren, Thomas, Garrett, Olivia and Marissa. She was preceded in death by her parents and her loving husband. Mary was a wonderful woman, and I am grateful to have had both her and Ralph as friends. She was a valued member of the community and her legacy leaves a lasting im-pact. I extend my sincerest condolences to all of her family and friends. f 
TRIBUTE TO RUTH AND JIM BRAND 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ruth and Jim Brand of Mount Ayr, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated on March 3, 2018. Ruth and Jim’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniver-sary, may their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MR. GEORGE VITELLO ON HIS UPCOMING RE-TIREMENT 
HON. GREGG HARPER 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. George Vitello on his upcom-ing retirement from the United States House of Representatives. George began working in the Office of Visitor Services in March 2011 before moving to the Office of the Sergeant at Arms in June 2012. From his first day on the job, George devel-oped a reputation as a reliable, skilled, and friendly asset to the entire House community. George first served as a Visitor Assistant, then moved to the Sergeant at Arms and the House Appointments Desks where he became a wonderful resource—and a good friend—to every single one of his colleagues. George assists every Member, staff person, and visitor the very same way—with an abun-dance of patience and a calm and pleasant at-titude. He is a familiar face to both Members and staff alike, never too busy to say ‘hello,’ and always taking the time to ask how you are doing. George genuinely cares about every person he meets, and it shows in his work. Working with the Sergeant at Arms, George demonstrated great initiative developing the form now used to track the monthly official business visitor counts for the Appointments Desks, as well as providing training to new in-terns and staff on the protocols for official business visitor badge use. Throughout his years with the House, George has been a true team player and someone who always volun-teered for additional assignments, projects, and events. George spent time as the VP/General Man-ager at Sea World in Florida prior to his em-ployment with the House and always shared his passion for all creatures, great and small. George Vitello has been a remarkable asset to the Office of the Sergeant at Arms, and he will be greatly missed by the entire House community. I am grateful for his service to the United States House of Representatives and wish him and his wife Joyce the very best in his retirement. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for Roll Call vote 156 on Thursday, April 26, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Nay. 
f 
BILL KELLY AND THE TEXAS RAIDERS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, at the height of World War II, Bill Kelly worked as an airplane mechanic. Stationed in the Marshall Islands, he and his team were responsible for the maintenance and repair of B–29 bombers that stopped over on their way to Japan and back. He and his brothers-in-arms often stayed up all night preparing the planes for the next leg of their journey, on occasion even re-placing whole one-ton engines overnight. Although he is currently 93, aviation has been, I quote, ‘‘second nature’’ to Bill for most of his life. This is why the tribute one group ar-ranged for him was so special. Recently, the Gulf Coast Wing of the Com-memorative Air Force made Bill the guest of honor at their fly-in in Lakewood, Florida. To honor his service, Bill was given the oppor-tunity to fly in a World War II-era B–17 bomb-er, the ‘‘Texas Raiders,’’ maintained by the group. Bill enjoyed his 20-minute flight and said that it brought back several good memo-ries of his time in the service. Mr. Speaker, as veterans of this war con-tinue to grow older and fewer in number, it is important that we not let their sacrifice be for-gotten. The members of the ‘‘Greatest Gen-eration’’ made a unique contribution to the American nation, having not only endured the hardships of the Great Depression but also answered the call to defend our country after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP8.031 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE570 April 27, 2018 
Groups like the custodians of ‘‘Texas Raid-ers’’ that travel the country and give veterans the opportunity to fly in World War II aircraft are doing important work to ensure that our country’s veterans are not forgotten and are given due recognition of their bravery and sac-rifice. Bill remarked that at 93, he is, I quote, ‘‘pretty well advanced right now.’’ Bill, you may be ‘‘advanced’’ in life, but you are still front and center in our collective memory. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DARLENE AND MYRON LINTNER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Darlene and Myron Lintner of Sidney, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anni-versary. Darlene and Myron’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 65th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SALINAS VALLEY MEMORIAL HOSPITAL 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital on its 65th anniversary. In 1941 Bruce Church, a local businessman and philanthropist, had a vision to build a hos-pital for the people of Salinas. He donated land to the project and twelve years later his vision became a reality. In recognition of this philanthropic endeavor, President Dwight D. Eisenhower sent Mr. Church a letter congratu-lating him which read, ‘‘The people of the Sali-nas Valley have every right to be proud of this admirable example of local self-reliance and initiative.’’ On April 20, 1953, the 138–bed hospital tri-umphantly opened its doors, supported by one-hundred employees and forty-five physi-cians. The hospital’s founders envisioned a technologically advanced hospital of the high-est quality to serve the residents of the Sali-nas Valley. Salinas Valley Memorial has lived up to the founders’ vision in providing state of the art health care services. Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital has grown to hold 266 beds and employs 1,600 people and 300 board certified physicians with a myr-iad of specialties. The hospital’s successful medical research and use of revolutionary health care technology has been facilitated by its bold partnerships with both local organiza-tions and leading global institutions for science and medicine, such as NASA and Stanford University. Salinas Valley Memorial provides com-prehensive health care and offers patients a variety of specialty care by working with part-ners to address important health issues like di-abetes, obesity, and cancer. This hospital’s dedication to expanding health care into un-derserved communities has fostered increased education and wellness, allowing the diverse citizenry to make permanent lifestyle choices for a healthy community. I am honored to recognize the Salinas Val-ley Memorial Hospital and the many contribu-tions it has made to the Central Coast of Cali-fornia. It has bolstered and encouraged the health and well-being of our community throughout the last sixty-five years. Through investing in the latest medical technologies, conducting clinical research, and providing education to the community, this hospital has, from its inception, played an invaluable role in the lives of the residents of the Salinas Valley. We continue to be proud of the Salinas Val-ley Memorial Hospital and everyone who has been involved in its extraordinary work and mission over the last sixty-five years. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the house join me in congratulating the Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital for a triumphant sixty-five years of excellence. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TRISH D
EPRIEST 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a statement from former Representatives Jack Kingston, and Lindsay Thomas, and the son of the late Representa-tive Bo Ginn: ‘‘We thank Congressman C
ARTER for the opportunity to submit something regarding our mutual and beloved employee, Trish DePriest. We must immediately point out that Trish never worked for any of us, rather she worked for the people of the First District of Georgia and kept us advised and well out of the way of her great progress. Trish is in a rare cat-egory of legendary public servants. While she yielded the headlines and public credit to us, she was the force behind the scenes to get the job done. Whether it was a veteran who needed help navigating the VA Bureau, a sen-ior citizen experiencing a Social Security or Medicaid glitch, or a newlywed couple in des-perate need for a last minute passport, Trish was there for thousands of people making a difference in their life. She knew how to get things done, knew the people of power, but most importantly she was consummate cham-pion of the underdog. If you got spun off the track and your lawyers, doctors, and friends couldn’t help, Trish DePriest was the person to call. It did not matter the task, the politics, or time of day, Trish has always been ready to step forward and solve the problem. We love you, Trish. We thank you for every-thing you’ve done for the people of Georgia, for all your hard work and making us look very good. We hope you enjoy your retirement and continue to never make left-hand turns.’’ f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, and for other purposes: 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of the Jackson Lee Amend-ment to H.R. 4, FAA Reauthorization and Dis-aster Recovery Reform Act, which was not in-cluded in the Rule for this bill. I am disappointed that the other Jackson Lee Amendments to H.R. 4, the ‘‘FAA Reau-thorization and Disaster Recovery Reform Act that would have made permanent the FEMA Office of Disaster Response and Recovery, which exists, but has not been codified, was not made in order. FEMA is the agency that helps people be-fore, during and after disasters. For 38 years, FEMA’s mission remains: to lead America to prepare for, prevent, respond to and recover from disasters with a vision of ‘‘A Nation Prepared.’’ On April 1, 1979, President Jimmy Carter signed the executive order that created the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). From day one, FEMA has remained com-mitted to protecting and serving the American people. That commitment to the people we serve and the belief in our survivor centric mission will never change. The Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy coordinates the federal government’s role in preparing for, preventing, mitigating the ef-fects of, responding to, and recovering from all domestic disasters, whether natural or man- made, including acts of terror. The Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (Public Law 100– 707), signed into law on November 23, 1988; amended the Disaster Relief Act of 1974 (Public Law 93–288). The Stafford Act constitutes the statutory authority for most Federal disaster response activities especially as they pertain to the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and FEMA programs. The underlying Disaster Reform language in H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act provided the opportunity to make strong statement re-garding the Federal government’s responsi-bility for disaster response and recovery. The work of the FEMA Office of Disaster Response and Recovery is critical when dis-aster strikes and for this reason should be a permanent part of the agency. This is the office responsible for the Federal wide coordination of disaster response and re-covery efforts. Disaster response also requires that this of-fice work well with non-governmental aid agencies like the Red Cross, and health care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP8.037 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE571 April 27, 2018 
responders, and private entities and business who collaborate on meet the needs of commu-nities experiencing a disaster. I offered this Amendment to this bill be-cause of my experience with Hurricane Har-vey. There was no way to pre-prepare for Hurri-cane Harvey, or Maria or any of the other major disaster events in 2017. What we can do is learn as much as pos-sible and apply those lessons to future dis-aster response and recovery efforts. When there is an event, like Hurricane Har-vey there are important and valuable lessons that can help us to meet future challenges. On June 1, 2018, this year’s Hurricane Sea-son will begin, and it must be the duty of this Congress to make sure that FEMA is prepared to meet the challenge. I plan to introduce a FEMA Modernization Act this year to address a range of moderation issues that are intended to strength the capac-ity of the agency to manage several major dis-asters simultaneously. Every place in this nation has one or more vulnerability to floods, damaging storms, wildfires, earthquakes, volcanic activity, or earth movement—such as mudslides. FEMA is the nation’s premier organization that must respond to catastrophes at a mo-ment’s notice. Making permanent the FEMA’s work in dis-aster response and recovery will be part of this bill. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DEREK J. SPRAGUE 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of Derek ‘‘Boomer’’ J. Sprague. Boomer embodied what it means to be a cit-izen of the North Country. At work, Derek was incredibly skilled at Luck Bros, Inc., operating large machinery and moving heavy metals with ease. At home, Boomer was his chil-dren’s biggest fan and could be found coach-ing their sports teams and cheering them on. In his spare time, Boomer took advantage of the beautiful North Country to fish, hunt, golf, and most importantly, spend time with the people he loved. Instead of focusing on mate-rial success, Boomer’s family and friends knew him to value spending time with the im-portant people in his life more than anything. I would like to offer my deepest condo-lences to Boomer’s family and friends, and es-pecially his two children, by whom he will be greatly missed. It is clear that Boomer’s happy spirit and love for life and for all he met will leave a lasting impact on his community. His memory will be forever cherished in the hearts of the many people he touched throughout his life. f 
HONORING GAINESVILLE’S DHRUV GAUR 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dhruv Gaur a Gainesville , native and Lakeview Academy alumnus, who recently became the college champion of ‘‘Jeopardy!,’’ America’s favorite quiz show. Dhruv studies public health and economics at Brown University. Each season, ‘‘Jeop-ardy!’’ hosts college students for a tour-nament, giving them the opportunity to rep-resent their school through a display of their trivia knowledge. This season, Dhruv competed on the game show, and, despite his incorrect ‘‘Final Jeop-ardy’’ answer, he prevailed. As the victor, this Gainesville student took home a $100,000 cash prize, which he plans to use for future in-vestments. Although Dhruv Gaur clenched the victory sporting his Brown University sweater, he also represented his neighbors back home in Northeast Georgia through his success. I con-gratulate Dhruv on his ‘‘Jeopardy!’’ win and look forward to his future success. COMMENDING STUDENTS ADVO-CATING AGAINST GUN VIOLENCE HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Adin Segal, Tal Shauder, Eli Eiston, Isana Singh, and Zach Bodin, five students from Palm Beach County who have come together to say enough is enough with the gun violence in our country. While Congress refuses to enact common sense gun safety legislation, a new generation is taking action. These students enrolled in the Peres Lead-ership Program, named after former Israeli President Shimon Peres’ vision of leadership. For Peres, leadership was a noble cause de-fined not by personal ambition, but by moral values and a call to do the right thing. These students are all too familiar with our collective failure to protect them from gun violence. They reject calls for arming teachers and placing armed guards in schools. They do not accept the idea that the answer to gun violence is more guns. They see their schools as sanc-tuaries of learning in which guns have no place. To support and honor the students at Mar-jory Stoneman Douglas High School, the stu-dents created the National Association of Stu-dents Against Gun Violence, establishing chapters in their schools to connect and unite students as they fight against gun violence. Their organization seeks to register every stu-dent to vote on their 18th birthday, facilitate town hall forums, and advocate for account-able leadership that supports reasonable solu-tions to gun violence. Since its founding only four weeks ago, their group has grown to nearly 1,000 members in 70 chapters in high schools across Florida, with more on the way in high schools and col-leges around the country. I commend their activism, leadership, and dedication to their communities and I look for-ward to working with them to advance com-mon sense gun legislation, like expanding background checks and banning the sale of assault rifles, high capacity magazines and bump stock devices. This is the least we can do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27AP8.041 E27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D471 Friday, April 27, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 2:30 p.m., on Monday, April 30, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5645–5667; 1 private bill, H.R. 5668; and 11 resolutions, H. Res. 855–865; were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H3741–42 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3743–44 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3997, to waive the application fee for any special use permit for veterans demonstrations and special events at war memorials on Federal land, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–658); and H.R. 2152, to require States and units of local government receiving funds under grant programs operated by the Department of Justice, which use such funds for pretrial services programs, to submit to the Attorney General a report relating to such program, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–659).
                           Pages H3740–41 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Johnson (LA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H3709 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                               Page H3709 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:07 a.m. and re-convened at 10:40 a.m.
                                          Page H3722 
Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act of 2018: The House passed H.R. 4, to reauthor-ize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, by a yea-and-nay vote of 393 yeas to 13 nays, Roll No. 165. Consideration began yesterday, April 26th.                                                                                     Pages H3725–26 
Rejected the Vela´zquez motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a re-corded vote of 182 ayes to 223 noes, Roll No. 164. 
                                                                                            Page H3725 
Agreed to: Shuster en bloc amendment No. 4 consisting of the following amendments printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650: Thompson (CA) (No. 102) that adds two categories to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Re-lief and Emergency Assistance Act eligibility; Keating (No. 103) that requires Administrator of FEMA to develop a strategy to coordinate emergency response plans with state, tribal, and local govern-ments, first responders, utility companies, and med-ical facilities; Meadows (No. 105) that adds the Dis-aster Assistance Working Group of the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency to the study conducted in SEC. 622; Blumenauer (No. 106) that authorizes FEMA to reimburse building code and floodplain managers for building inspec-tions conducted on buildings damaged immediately after a natural disaster; Jackson Lee (No. 109) that provides for a GAO report 240 days following enact-ment on long-term recovery efforts following Hurri-cane Andrew, September 11, 2001, Hurricane Katrina, Hurricane Ike, and Hurricane Sandy to bet-ter inform the Congress when catastrophic events occur that may require long-term recovery planning; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27AP8.REC D27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD472 April 27, 2018 
the report will define a federal disaster long-term re-covery, the stages of a long-term recovery, and the competence and capacity of FEMA to manage 2 or more major disasters of the magnitude exemplified— simultaneously; further the GAO will report on les-sons that may be applied to future long-term dis-aster recovery efforts; the GAO will report on what existing authority granted to FEMA to advise and make recommendations to the President regarding Presidential Disaster Declarations may be instructive regarding a Presidential long-term recovery disaster declaration; Keating (No. 111) that requires Admin-istrator of FEMA to provide training to state, local, and tribal governments, first responders, and facili-ties that store hazardous materials in the event of major disaster; Cartwright (No. 113) that creates an interagency council on extreme weather, resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and manage-ment; it will improve each agency’s planning for ex-treme weather events, improve interagency coordina-tion and planning, and help the federal government interface with state and local officials to develop re-gional plans to manage the risks associated with ex-treme weather events; and Comstock (No. 116) that strikes a provision in Section 703(b) of Title VII that proposes a contingency funding provision that would nullify the authorization for FAA’s environ-mental R&D programs entirely should appropriators decline to appropriate full funding to certain other unrelated programs;
                                          Pages H3710–15 
Graves (LA) amendment (No. 104 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that allows for an arbitra-tion process for those disputing their eligibility for assistance, or repayment of assistance, following a disaster;
                                                                   Pages H3715–16 
Graves (LA) amendment (No. 107 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that provides for reimburse-ment to state and local units of government for housing that produces cost-savings to comparable FEMA solutions;
                                                Pages H3716–17 
Graves (LA) amendment (No. 108 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that limits reductions in as-sistance for more than one building in a multi-struc-ture educational, law enforcement, correctional, fire, or medical campus;
                                           Pages H3717–18 
Babin amendment (No. 110 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that prevents FEMA from re-couping disaster relief funds that were previously certified by a FEMA Technical Assistance Contractor (TAC) as eligible, reasonable and reimbursable; re-quires confirmation of the TAC determination through an audit by the DHS Inspector General; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3718–19 
Duncan (TN) amendment (No. 114 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that establishes a na-tional standard for hiring motor carriers (by a re-corded vote of 212 ayes to 191 noes, Roll No. 163).                                                                                     Pages H3720–23 
Rejected: McClintock amendment (No. 112 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that sought to strike Sec-tion 451 of H.R. 4, which authorizes the Essential Air Service (by a recorded vote of 113 ayes to 293 noes, Roll No. 162).
                    Pages H3719–20, H3722–23 
H. Res. 839, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4) and (H.R. 3144) was agreed to Wednesday, April 25th. Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-resentative Crowley announced his intent to offer a privileged resolution.
                                               Page H3726 
Question of Privilege: Representative Crowley rose to a question of the privileges of the House and sub-mitted a privileged resolution. Subsequently, the House agreed to the McCarthy motion to table H. Res. 856, raising a question of the privileges of the House, by a yea-and-nay vote of 215 yeas to 171 nays with 3 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 166. 
                                                                                    Pages H3726–27 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9:30 a.m. on Tuesday, May 1st.
                  Page H3728 
Clerk to Correct Engrossment: Agreed by unani-mous consent that, in the engrossment of H.R. 4, the Clerk be authorized to make technical correc-tions to include corrections in spelling, punctuation, section numbering and cross-referencing, and the in-sertion of appropriate headings.
                         Page H3728 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and three recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H3722–23, H3723, H3725, H3725–26, and H3727. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:59 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
DO NOT CALL: COMBATING ROBOCALLS AND CALLER ID SPOOFING Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Do Not Call: Combating Robocalls and Caller ID Spoofing’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27AP8.REC D27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D473 April 27, 2018 
IMPLEMENTATION OF FinCEN’S CUSTOMER DUE DILIGENCE RULE—FINANCIAL INSTITUTION PERSPECTIVE Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Implementation of FinCEN’s Cus-tomer Due Diligence Rule—Financial Institution Perspective’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
Joint Meetings 
BITKOV CASE Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission concluded a hearing to examine the Bitkov case and the United Nations International Commis-sion Against Impunity in Guatemala, after receiving testimony from Rolando Alvarado, Corpolegal; Wil-liam Browder, Global Magnitsky Campaign for Jus-tice; and Victoria Sandoval. f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, APRIL 30, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27AP8.REC D27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD474 April 27, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2:30 p.m., Monday, April 30 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9:30 a.m., Tuesday, May 1 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 9:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E567 Bera, Ami, Calif., E559 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E558, E563 Black, Diane, Tenn., E560 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E568 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E568 Budd, Ted, N.C., E568 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E570 Cicilline, David N., R.I., E558 Collins, Doug, Ga., E562, E571 Curtis, John R., Utah, E567 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E564 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E557 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E571 Gomez, Jimmy, Calif., E558 Granger, Kay, Tex., E557 Grothman, Glenn, Wisc., E564 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E569 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E569 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E570 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E561 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E568 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E567 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E559 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E566 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E557, E570 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E560, E560, E561, E562, E562, E564, E564, E565, E566, E566 Poe, Ted, Tex., E559, E560, E563, E565, E569 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E558, E559 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E569 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E564 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E561 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E569 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E571 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E566 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E561, E566 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E560 Young, David, Iowa, E560, E562, E563, E565, E565, E566, E567, E568, E569, E570 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27AP8.REC D27APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST